<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240329_10-K_edgar_data_1779523_0001213900-24-027739.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9248894</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>343688</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1572216</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2602807</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1863429</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2616116</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-027739.hdr.sgml : 20240329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240329120147
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-027739
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Muzinich BDC, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001779523
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01314
		FILM NUMBER:		24802855

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		450 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212.888.3413

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		450 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-027739.txt : 20240329

10-K
 1
 ea0202646-10k_muzinich.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State of Incorporation) 

(I.R.S Employer 

Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See
definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 
240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).Yes No 

As of June 30, 2023, there
was no established public market for the issuer s common stock. 

The issuer had 
shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding as of March 29, 2024. 

Auditor Name: Auditor Location: Auditor Firm ID: 

MUZINICH BDC, INC. 

FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Index 
 
 Page No. 
 
 PART I. 

1 
 
 Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 19 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 38 
 
 Item 1C. 
 
 Cybersecurity 
 
 38 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 39 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 39 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 39 
 
 PART II. 

40 
 
 Item 5. 
 
 Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 40 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 41 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 41 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 54 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 55 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 55 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 55 
 
 Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 55 
 
 PART III. 

56 
 
 Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 56 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 58 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 59 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 60 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 63 
 
 PART IV. 

65 
 
 Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 65 
 
 Signatures 

66 

i 

Summary of Risk Factors 

Investing in the Company s
common stock involves a high degree of risk. The following is only a summary of the principal risks that may materially affect our business.
Please refer to Item 1A for a complete discussion of the risk factors we face. 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure

We have a limited operating history. 

We are a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and therefore we are not limited with respect to the proportion of our assets that may be invested in securities of a single issuer. 

We are subjected to constraints that may significantly reduce our operating flexibility. If we fail to maintain our status as a business development company, we might be regulated as a closed-end investment company, which would subject us to additional regulatory restrictions. 

We will be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on all of our income if we are unable to qualify as a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 

We will be dependent upon management personnel of Muzinich Co., Inc. Muzinich ), and Muzinich s ability to attract and retain talented personnel, for our future success. 

Our Muzinich BDC Adviser, LLC (the Adviser and its affiliates, officers, investment professionals and employees may have certain conflicts of interest. 

We may borrow money and enter into transactions, which may magnify the potential for gain or loss and may increase the risk of investing in us. 

Controlling stockholders may exert influence over our management and affairs and control over votes requiring stockholder approval. 

Our Board of Directors Board may change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval. 

Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations or the operations of our portfolio companies, changes in the interpretation thereof or newly enacted laws or regulations, and any failure by us or our portfolio companies to comply with these laws or regulations, could necessitate changes to certain of our or our portfolio companies business practices, negatively impact our or our portfolio companies operations, cash flows or financial condition of us or our portfolio companies, impose additional costs on us or our portfolio companies or otherwise adversely affect our business or the business of our portfolio companies. 

ii 

Risks Related to Our Portfolio Company Investments

Our investments are very risky and highly speculative. 

We will incur credit risk when we loan money or commit to loan money to a portfolio company. 

The value of our portfolio securities may not have a readily available market price and, in such a case, we will value these securities at fair value as determined by the Adviser in good faith under procedures adopted by our Board, which valuation is inherently subjective and may not reflect what we may actually realize for the sale of the investment. 

The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. 

Our portfolio may be focused in a limited number of portfolio companies, which will subject us to a risk of significant loss if any of these companies default on their obligations under any of their debt instruments or if there is a downturn in a particular industry. 

Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and harm our operating results. 

By originating loans to companies that are experiencing significant financial or business difficulties, we may be exposed to distressed lending risks. 

Declines in market prices and liquidity in the corporate debt markets can result in significant net unrealized depreciation of our portfolio. 

Our portfolio companies may incur debt or issue equity securities that rank equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies. 

Our investments in non-U.S. companies may involve significant risks in addition to the risks inherent in U.S. investments. 

iii 

Risks Relating to the Offering and Ownership
of Our Common Stock 

Our common stock will be subject to significant transfer restrictions, and an investment in our common stock generally will be illiquid. 

We will incur significant costs as a result of being subject to the Exchange Act. 

We may not be able to pay you distributions on our common stock, our distributions to you may not grow over time and a portion of our distributions to you may be a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize taxable income before or without receiving cash representing such income. 

Our stockholders may receive shares of our common stock as dividends, which could result in adverse tax consequences to them. 

If we are not treated as a publicly offered regulated investment company, as defined in the Code, U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts or estates will be taxed as though they received a distribution of some of our expenses. 

Non-U.S. stockholders may be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax on dividends we pay. 

If the current period of capital market disruption and instability continues for an extended period of time, there is a risk that our distributions may not grow over time and a portion of our distributions may be a return of capital. 

General Risk Factors 

We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities. 

We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates. 

The capital markets may experience periods of disruption, instability and uncertainty, including at present. Such market conditions may materially and adversely affect debt and equity capital markets in the United States, which may have a negative impact on our business and operations. 

We are susceptible to cyber security risks that may result in financial losses or violations of privacy law. 

iv 

PART I. 

Item 1. Business 

The Company Muzinich BDC, Inc. 

Muzinich BDC, Inc. (the Company, 
 we, our or us is a corporation formed on May 29, 2019 under the laws of the State of Delaware.
We are structured as an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has filed an election to be
regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940
Act ). We have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually thereafter, as a regulated investment company (a RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a BDC and a
RIC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. 

We have conducted and expect to conduct private
offerings Private Offerings of our common stock to investors in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements
of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The shares of common stock were and will be offered
and sold during Private Offerings (i) in the United States under the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule
506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, and other exemptions of similar import in the laws of the states and jurisdictions where the
offering will be made, and (ii) outside of the United States in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Within the United
States, shares of common stock are being offered solely to investors that are accredited investors as defined in Rule 501(a)
of Regulation D. 

We have entered into, and may enter into additional,
separate subscription agreements with a number of investors providing for the private placement of the Company s common stock pursuant
to one or more closings in respect of Private Offerings. At each closing in respect of any Private Offering, each investor has made or
will make a capital commitment to purchase shares of our common stock pursuant to a subscription agreement entered into with the Company.
Investors are required to fund drawdowns to purchase shares of the Company s common stock up to the amount of their respective capital
commitments on an as-needed basis with a minimum of ten business days prior notice to the investors. In addition to all legal remedies
available to the Company, failure by an investor to purchase additional common stock when requested by the Company will (following a cure
period of ten business days) result in that investor being subject to certain default provisions set forth in the subscription agreement.
Defaulting investors may also forfeit their right to participate in purchasing additional shares on any future drawdown date or otherwise
participate in any future investments in the Company. All purchases will generally be made pro rata in accordance with the investors 
capital commitments, at a per-share price at least equal to the net asset value NAV per share of the Company s common
stock as of the close of the last quarter preceding the drawdown date; such per-share price may be set above the NAV per share based on
a variety of factors, including without limitation the total amount of the Company s organizational and other expenses (including
actual and/or accrued expenses, which may include any estimates thereof), in accordance with the limitations under Section 23 of the 1940
Act. At the end of the period beginning on the initial closing in respect of a Private Offering, which occurred on August 23, 2019 (the
 Initial Closing and ending on the third anniversary thereof, which on August 9, 2022 has been extended by our Board of
Directors Board or Board of Directors for one additional year to August 23, 2023 (such period, including
such extension, the Commitment Period ), investors will be released from any further obligation to fund drawdowns, except
to the extent necessary to (i) pay Company expenses, including management fees, any amounts that may become due under any borrowings or
other financings or similar obligations and any other liabilities, contingent or otherwise, in each case to the extent they relate to
the Commitment Period, (ii) complete investments in any transactions for which there are binding written agreements as of the end of the
Commitment Period (including investments that are funded in phases), (iii) fund follow-on investments made in existing portfolio companies,
(iv) seek to maintain or protect the value of, or cover expenses related to, investments (including, without limitation, through currency
hedging transactions), (v) fund obligations under any Company guarantee or indemnity made during the Commitment Period and/or (vi) fund
any defaulted commitments. Proceeds realized by the Company from the sale or repayment of any investment (as opposed to investment income)
during the Commitment Period (but not in excess of the cost of any such investment), may be retained and reinvested by the Company; provided
that such additional amounts reinvested will not, in the aggregate, exceed the Company s total capital commitments. Any amounts
so reinvested will not reduce a stockholder s unfunded capital commitments. No investor will be permitted to sell, assign, transfer
or otherwise dispose of its shares or capital commitment unless the Muzinich BDC Adviser, LLC (the Adviser provides its
prior written consent and the transfer is otherwise made in accordance with applicable law. See Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data Notes to Financial Statements 8. Net Assets for further information on common stock issuances. 

1 

Our investment objective is to generate current
income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation through investments in secured debt, including first lien, second lien and unitranche
debt, as well as unsecured debt, including mezzanine debt and, to a lesser extent, in equity instruments of private companies. We have
invested and intend to further invest primarily in privately owned U.S. middle-market companies that require capital for growth, acquisitions,
recapitalizations, refinancings and leveraged buyouts. We will seek to partner with strong management teams executing long-term growth
strategies that have credit worthy businesses. We may also from time to time invest in larger or smaller or non-U.S. companies. In this
Form 10-K, we generally use the term middle-market to refer to companies with earnings before interest expense, income tax
expense, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, generally between 5 million and 25 million annually. We use the term
 unitranche to generally refer to debt instruments that combine characteristics of first lien senior secured loans as well
as second lien and subordinated loans. Unitranche loans typically include covenants prohibiting or significantly restricting the ability
of an issuer to grant liens that would create a security interest senior to the lien created in connection with the unitranche loan. We
use the term mezzanine to refer to a loan that ranks senior only to a borrower s equity securities and ranks junior
in right of payment to all of such borrower s other indebtedness. We have invested and expect to further invest in primary origination
investments, and we may also invest in open-market secondary purchases. We expect to source our primary origination investments through
our Adviser s (as defined below) and its affiliates network of relationships with financial intermediaries (including regional
banks), private equity investment firms, lawyers, accountants, experienced senior management teams and other middle-market lenders. We
may seek investment opportunities where we are the sole investor in an investment, and also may seek opportunities where we invest alongside
one or more other investors. We expect to invest across a number of different industries. We expect to build a portfolio of approximately
15 to 20 investments, with no more than 10 of our assets invested in any one investment and no more than 20 of our assets invested in
a single industry (not including investments in cash or cash equivalents, including, for instance, U.S. government securities and investment
grade debt instruments maturing within one year), though our portfolio may be smaller if we are unable to raise additional capital. From
time to time, certain of our investments may be made with the intent of maintaining compliance with diversification and other requirements
applicable to us, and such investments may cause us to be invested in a larger number of investments than we might otherwise have invested.
Our investments are typically expected to have maturities between 3 and 8 years and to generally range in size between 10 and 35 million,
though this expected investment size may grow if our capital base grows and may shrink if our capital base shrinks. Our Adviser seeks
to employ a disciplined and selective investment approach that has a strong focus on investments that are determined by our Adviser to
have attractive credit qualities. We seek to avoid deeply cyclical businesses, start-ups or turn-around situations, as well as specialized
industries such as real estate, regulated financial services, commodities, oil gas extraction, firearms, tobacco, alcohol, cannabis,
pornography and gaming, and businesses with significant technology risk. While this approach is intended to manage certain risks associated
with these industries, it could also impact the Company s performance by limiting the availability of potential investments. 

The Adviser Muzinich BDC Adviser, LLC 

The Company s investment activities are
managed by Muzinich BDC Adviser, LLC, an affiliate of Muzinich Co., Inc. Muzinich Co. , and together with the
Adviser and their other affiliates, collectively Muzinich ). Our Adviser is an investment adviser registered with the SEC
under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ). The Adviser is responsible for originating prospective
investments, conducting research and due diligence investigations on potential investments, analyzing investment opportunities, negotiating
and structuring our investments and monitoring our investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. More information regarding
the Adviser and its business activities can be found on its registration under Form ADV located on the Investment Adviser Registration
Depository website of the SEC. Subject to the supervision of our Board of Directors, our Adviser manages our day-to-day operations and
provides us with investment advisory and management services and certain administrative services. 

Our Adviser has entered into a Resource Sharing
Agreement (the Resource Sharing Agreement with Muzinich Co., pursuant to which Muzinich Co. provides the Adviser
with experienced investment professionals and services so as to enable the Adviser to fulfill its obligations under the Investment Management
Agreement (as defined below). Through the Resource Sharing Agreement, our Adviser draws on the significant deal origination, credit underwriting,
due diligence, investment structuring, execution, portfolio management and monitoring, and operational experience of Muzinich Co. s
investment professionals. The Resource Sharing Agreement may be terminated by either party on 60 days notice, which if terminated
may have a material adverse consequence on the Company s operations. 

2 

The Board of Directors 

Our Board of Directors has ultimate authority
as to our investments, but it delegates authority to our Adviser to select and monitor our investments, subject to the supervision of
the Board. Pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation, (the Certificate of Incorporation ), the number of directors of
the Company will be fixed from time to time by the Board. A majority of the Board will at all times consist of directors who are not interested
persons of the Company, of our Adviser or of any its respective affiliates, as defined in the 1940 Act (the Independent
Directors ). Under our Certificate of Incorporation, our Board of Directors is divided into three classes. Each class of directors
will generally hold office for a three-year term. However, the initial members of the three classes had initial terms of one, two, and
three years, respectively. As a result, only one class of directors will be up for election at each annual meeting. At each annual meeting
of our stockholders following our adoption of a classified board, the successors to the class of directors whose terms expire at such
meeting will be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders held in the third year following the
year of their election. 

Investment Management Agreement 

We have entered into an Investment Management
Agreement with the Adviser (the Investment Management Agreement ), under which the Adviser: 

determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 

identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments we make (including performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies); 

determines the assets we will originate, purchase, retain or sell; 

closely monitors and administers the investments we make, including the exercise of any rights in our capacity as a lender; and 

provides us with such other investment advice, research and related services as we may, from time to time, require. 

The Adviser s services under the Investment
Management Agreement are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar or other services to others so long as its services to us are
not impaired. 

The Investment Management Agreement has been approved
by our Board. 

Compensation of Adviser 

Management Fee. Pursuant to the Investment
Management Agreement, our Adviser will accrue, on a quarterly basis in arrears, a management fee (the Management Fee equal
to 0.25 (i.e., 1.00 annually) of the average of the Company s NAV (excluding uninvested cash and cash equivalents, which are defined
for these purposes as money market funds, U.S. government securities and investment grade debt instruments maturing within one year of
purchase of such instrument by the Company) at the end of the then-current calendar quarter and the Company s NAV at the end of
the prior calendar quarter. The Management Fee for any partial quarter will be appropriately prorated. 

Management Fees are generally expected to be paid
using available funds quarterly, in which case these payments will not reduce unfunded capital commitments. However, we may draw down
unfunded capital commitments in order to pay Management Fees, and any such draw down amounts would reduce unfunded capital commitments. 

Incentive Fee. Pursuant to the Investment
Management Agreement, we will pay an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee to the Adviser. The Incentive Fee will not be released
to the Adviser until the liquidation of the Company s portfolio. The Incentive Fee will accrue as a liability on the Company s
statement of assets and liabilities throughout the life of the Company, and the Company may set aside assets in anticipation of paying
it. However, the Company does not intend to actually pay out the Incentive Fee to the Adviser until the end of the life of the Company. 

In order to determine the size of the Incentive
Fee, the Company will refer to the incentive fee calculation methodology described below (the Incentive Fee Calculation Methodology ). 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Incentive Fee
Calculation Methodology is not intended to describe the Company s actual operations with respect to the making of distributions and
the Incentive Fee Calculation Methodology does not limit the Company s ability to make distributions to stockholders over the life
of the Company (other than the Company s actual payment of the Incentive Fee upon liquidation of the Company). Rather, the Incentive
Fee Calculation Methodology is a tool whose sole purpose is to calculate the size of the Incentive Fee. 

3 

To calculate the size of the Incentive Fee, the
Company will refer to (1) the amounts and timing of stockholders contributions to the Company, and (2) the amounts and timing of
the Company s distributions, and will analyze those contributions and distributions under the Incentive Fee Calculation Methodology.
The Incentive Fee will equal the total amount of distributions that would be made to the Adviser under paragraphs (c) and (d) of the Incentive
Fee Calculation Methodology. 

The Incentive Fee Calculation Methodology is: 

(a) 
 First, the Company will make distributions to its stockholders until stockholders have received 100 of Contributed Capital (as defined below). 

(b) 
 Second, the Company will make distributions to its stockholders until stockholders have received a 7 return per annum, compounded annually, on their capital contributions, from the date each capital contribution is made through the date such capital has been returned. 

(c) 
 Third, the Company will make distributions to the Adviser under this paragraph (c) until it has received 12.5 of the total amount distributed by the Company under paragraph (b) and this paragraph (c). 

(d) 
 Thereafter, any additional amounts that the Company distributes will be paid 87.5 to stockholders and 12.5 to the Adviser. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
in no event will an amount be paid with respect to the Incentive Fee to the extent it would exceed the limitations set forth in Section
205(b)(3) of the Advisers Act. 

Contributed Capital is the aggregate
amount of capital contributions that have been made by all stockholders in respect of their shares of common stock to the Company. All
distributions (or deemed distributions), including investment income (i.e. proceeds received in respect of interest payments, dividends
and fees) and proceeds attributable to the repayment or disposition of any investment, to stockholders will be considered a return of
Contributed Capital. Unreturned Contributed Capital equals aggregate Contributed Capital minus cumulative distributions but is never less
than zero. 

The term distribution includes all
distributions of the Company s assets including in respect of proceeds from the full or partial realization of the Company s
investments and income from investing activities and may include amounts treated as return of capital, ordinary income and capital gains
for accounting, tax and/or other purposes. 

Administration Agreement and Fund Accounting
Agreement 

We have also entered into an administration servicing
agreement (the Administration Agreement with U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC, doing business as U.S. Bank Global Fund Services U.S. Bank, or the Administrator ), pursuant to which U.S. Bank provides the administrative and recordkeeping
services necessary for us to operate. In addition, we have entered into a fund accounting servicing agreement (the Fund Accounting
Agreement with U.S. Bank, pursuant to which U.S. Bank provides accounting services with respect to the company. We will reimburse
U.S. Bank for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by U.S. Bank in providing these services, as provided by the Administration Agreement
and Fund Accounting Agreement, respectively. 

The Administration Agreement has been approved
by our Board. 

General Portfolio Composition and Investment
Strategy 

As noted above, we have invested in primary origination
investments and expect to further invest in both primary origination investments as well as open-market secondary purchases. We expect
to source our primary origination investments through Muzinich s network of relationships with financial intermediaries (including
regional banks), private equity investment firms, lawyers, accountants, experienced senior management teams and other middle-market lenders.
We may seek investment opportunities where we are the sole investor in an investment, and also may seek opportunities where we invest
alongside one or more other investors. We expect to invest across a number of different industries. We expect to build a portfolio of
approximately 15 to 20 investments, with no more than 10 of our assets invested in any one investment and no more than 20 of our assets
invested in a single industry (not including cash or cash equivalents, including, for instance, U.S. government securities and investment
grade debt instruments maturing within one year), though our portfolio may be smaller if we are unable to raise additional capital. From
time to time, certain of our investments may be made with the intent of maintaining compliance with diversification and other requirements
applicable to us, and such investments may cause us to be invested in a larger number of investments than we might otherwise have invested.
Our investments are typically expected to have maturities between 3 and 8 years and to generally range in size between 10 and 35 million,
though this expected investment size may grow if our capital base grows and may shrink if our capital base shrinks. Our Adviser seeks
to employ a disciplined and selective investment approach that has a strong focus on investments that are determined by our Adviser to
have attractive credit qualities. We seek to avoid deeply cyclical businesses, start-ups or turn-around situations, as well as specialized
industries such as real estate, regulated financial services, commodities, oil gas extraction, firearms, tobacco, alcohol, cannabis,
pornography and gaming, and businesses with significant technology risk. While this approach is intended to manage certain risks associated
with these industries, it could also impact the Company s performance by limiting the availability of potential investments. 

4 

Market Opportunity 

We believe that current market conditions and
certain regulatory changes have combined to create an attractive investment environment for us. Specifically: 

Declining Number of Traditional Financing Sources: A recent trend within the banking sector has seen the combination of local and regional banks into larger, money center banks. Local and regional banks have historically focused on providing capital to middle-market companies, whereas money center banks have historically focused on lending, and providing ancillary services, to large corporate clients to whom they can deploy larger amounts of capital more efficiently. We believe that this consolidation has resulted in fewer bank lenders willing to focus on lending to the U.S. middle-market, and reduced accordingly fewer financing options for the companies we target. 

Limited Availability of Capital for Middle-Market Companies: We believe that regulatory changes have reduced the availability of capital to middle-market companies. Specifically, the implementation of various industry regulations and/or standards, including but not limited to the Basel III accord, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act and leveraged lending guidelines and regulations implemented by the Federal Reserve, has significantly increased the capital and liquidity requirements for banks, decreasing their capacity to originate and/or hold non-investment grade loans on their balance sheets. While the institutional leveraged loan and high-yield bond markets have enjoyed significant investor interest in the past several years, middle-market companies have been largely unable to access those markets as they tend to fail to meet the size and liquidity requirements imposed by the institutional investor community. 

Broad Opportunity Set: With a significant number of middle-market companies seeking access to debt capital to support growth, there is substantial opportunity to provide debt financing for high quality middle-market businesses in today s market. The opportunity is further enhanced by the increased amount of capital invested in recent years in private equity as an asset class, because private equity firms tend to work in-tandem with debt financing providers to purchase and grow portfolio companies. In addition, we believe middle-market companies are increasingly looking abroad for growth opportunities. Accordingly, we believe that having the capabilities to support such endeavors will create additional opportunities for lenders. 

Diligence and Monitoring Capabilities: Lending to middle-market companies requires in-depth due diligence, broad underwriting capabilities, and extensive ongoing monitoring. Due to the lack of publicly available information, lending to middle market companies tends to be labor intensive and informed by past transaction experience. 

Premium Pricing: The reduced availability of credit to middle-market companies typically results in an increased interest rate, or pricing, of loans for middle-market borrowers. In addition, recent loans to middle-market companies have often included meaningful upfront fees and prepayment protections, both of which should enhance the profitability of new loans to lenders. 

Competition 

Our primary competitors provide financing to middle-market
companies and include other BDCs, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies, collateralized loan obligation vehicles CLOs ), private funds, including hedge funds, and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private
equity funds. Some of our existing and potential competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical
and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are
not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow
them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than we can. Furthermore, many of our competitors are
not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC. 

We expect to use the industry information of Muzinich s
investment professionals to which we have access to assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our investments in portfolio
companies. In addition, we believe that the relationships of the senior managers of our Adviser enable us to learn about, and compete
effectively for, financing opportunities with attractive middle-market companies in the industries in which we seek to invest. 

5 

Monitoring 

We view active portfolio monitoring as a vital
part of our investment process and are committed to a value-oriented philosophy implemented by our Adviser. Our Adviser seeks to minimize
the risk of capital loss while also striving for capital appreciation. Generally, we seek to draw on our Adviser s and its affiliates 
experience and access to market information to identify investment opportunities and to structure investments. 

Our Adviser has a number of methods of evaluating
and monitoring the performance and fair value of our investments. Our Adviser s private debt investment team intends to review the
financial statements and/or financial projections on such frequency as they are made available by our portfolio companies and to assess
the success of our portfolio companies in adhering to their business plans and in complying with their contractual covenants. Our Adviser
further intends to contact management of our portfolio companies and, if appropriate, the financial or strategic sponsor to enhance our
understanding of their financial position, requirements and/or accomplishments. Furthermore, our Adviser may seek to attend and participate
in the board meetings of our portfolio companies. 

Fees and Expenses 

All investment professionals and staff of the
Adviser, when and to the extent engaged in providing us investment advisory and management services, and the base compensation, bonus
and benefits, and the routine overhead expenses, of such personnel allocable to such services, is provided and paid for by the Adviser
and its affiliates. 

We bear all other costs and expenses of our operations,
administration and transactions, including, but not limited to, those relating to: 

our initial organization costs and operating costs incurred prior to the commencement of our operations; 

calculating individual asset values and our price per share equal to the NAV (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firms); 

out-of-pocket expenses, including travel expense, incurred by the Adviser, or members of Muzinich, or payable to third parties, performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies and, if necessary, enforcing rights; 

costs of the offering or effecting any sales of, or repurchases of, our common stock and other securities, if any; 

costs of research and market data; 

the Management Fee and any Incentive Fee; 

certain costs and expenses relating to distributions paid on our shares; 

administration fees payable under our Administration Agreement; 

costs relating to the engagement of our chief compliance officer; 

debt service and other costs of borrowings or other financing arrangements; 

direct costs incurred by the Adviser or its affiliates in providing managerial assistance to portfolio companies; 

amounts payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making or holding investments; 

transfer agent and custodial fees; 

costs of hedging; 

6 

commissions and other compensation payable to brokers or dealers; 

federal, state and local taxes; 

Independent Director fees and expenses, including certain travel expenses; 

costs of preparing financial statements and maintaining books and records and filing reports or other documents with the SEC (or other regulatory bodies), and costs associated with other reporting and/or compliance obligations under applicable federal and/or state laws, including registration and listing fees, and the compensation of professionals responsible for the preparation of any of the foregoing; 

the costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to our stockholders (including printing and mailing costs), the costs of any stockholders meetings and the compensation of investor relations personnel responsible for the preparation of the foregoing and related matters; 

our fidelity bond; 

directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 

extraordinary expenses (such as litigation or indemnification payments); 

direct costs and expenses of administration; 

fees and expenses associated with audits, accounting, tax advisors and outside legal and consulting costs; 

costs incurred in connection with the formation or maintenance of entities or vehicles to hold our assets for tax or other purposes; 

costs of winding up; and 

all other expenses reasonably incurred by us in connection with making investments and administering our business. 

From time to time, the Adviser or its affiliates
may pay amounts owed by us to third-party providers of goods or services. We will subsequently reimburse the Adviser for such amounts
paid on our behalf. There is no contractual cap on the reasonable costs and expenses for which the Adviser will be reimbursed. All of
the expenses discussed above will ultimately be borne by our stockholders. 

We have entered into a credit facility, and may
enter into a further credit facility or other debt arrangements, to partially fund our operations, and have incurred costs and expenses
including commitment, origination, legal and/or structuring fees and the related interest costs associated with any amounts borrowed. 

We have had limited operating history, and therefore
this statement concerning additional expenses is necessarily an estimate and may not match our actual results of operations in the future. 

Capital Resources and Borrowings 

We anticipate further cash to be generated from
drawdowns in respect of capital committed by investors in Private Offerings, and cash flows from operations. Furthermore, we expect to
borrow funds to make additional investments. This is known as leverage and may cause us to be more volatile than if we had
not been leveraged. This is because leverage tends to exaggerate the effect of any increase or decrease in the value of our net assets.
Additionally, we will be permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior
to our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after each such issuance
(e.g., 150 asset coverage means that for every 100 of net assets, the Company may raise 200 from borrowing and issuing senior securities).
On August 14, 2019, the Company s initial shareholder approved the adoption of the 150 threshold pursuant to Section 61(a)(2) of
the 1940 Act and such election became effective the following day. Furthermore, while any indebtedness and senior securities remain outstanding,
we must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet
the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. In connection with borrowings, our lenders may require
us to pledge assets, investor commitments to fund capital calls and/or the proceeds of those capital calls, thereby allowing the lender
to call for capital contributions upon the occurrence of an event of default under such financing arrangement. In addition, the lenders
may ask us to comply with positive or negative covenants that could have an effect on our operations. 

7 

Private Offerings 

We have conducted and will conduct Private Offerings
of our common stock to investors in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The shares of common
stock will be offered and sold during Private Offerings (i) in the United States under the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, and other exemptions of similar import in the laws of the states and
jurisdictions where the offering will be made, and (ii) outside of the United States in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities
Act. Within the United States, shares of common stock are being offered solely to investors that are accredited investors 
as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 

We have entered into, and may enter into additional,
separate subscription agreements with a number of investors providing for the private placement of the Company s common stock pursuant
to one or more closings in respect of Private Offerings. At each closing in respect of any Private Offering, each investor has made or
will make a capital commitment to purchase shares of our common stock pursuant to a subscription agreement entered into with the Company.
Investors are required to fund drawdowns to purchase shares of the Company s common stock up to the amount of their respective capital
commitments on an as-needed basis with a minimum of ten business days prior notice to the investors. In addition to all legal remedies
available to the Company, failure by an investor to purchase additional common stock when requested by the Company will (following a cure
period of ten business days) result in that investor being subject to certain default provisions set forth in the subscription agreement.
Defaulting investors may also forfeit their right to participate in purchasing additional shares on any future drawdown date or otherwise
participate in any future investments in the Company. 

Following the Initial Closing, we have held and
expect to hold further additional closings that may occur from time to time as determined by us. In connection with each subscription
agreement that we enter with investors after the initial drawdown, each such investor will be required to make purchases of shares of
common stock (each, a Catch-up Purchase on one or more dates to be determined by us. The aggregate purchase price of the
Catch-up Purchases will be equal to an amount necessary to ensure that, upon payment of the aggregate purchase price, such investor will
have contributed the same percentage of its capital commitment to us as all investors whose subscriptions were accepted at previous closings.
Catch-up Purchases will be made at a per-share price as determined by our Board of Directors (including any committee thereof) as of the
end of the most recent calendar quarter or such other date determined by our Board of Directors prior to the date of the applicable drawdown
notice. The per-share price shall be at least equal to the NAV per share of our common stock in accordance with the limitations under
Section 23 of the 1940 Act. The Board may set the per-share price above the net asset value per share based on a variety of factors, including
without limitation the total amount of the Company s organizational and other expenses (including actual and/or accrued expenses,
which may include any estimates thereof). 

8 

All purchases will generally be made pro rata
in accordance with the investors capital commitments, at a per-share price at least equal to the NAV per share of the Company s
common stock as of the close of the last quarter preceding the drawdown date; such per-share price may be set above the NAV per share
based on a variety of factors, including without limitation the total amount of the Company s organizational and other expenses
(including actual and/or accrued expenses, which may include any estimates thereof), in accordance with the limitations under Section
23 of the 1940 Act. At the end of the Commitment Period, investors will be released from any further obligation to fund drawdowns, except
to the extent necessary to (i) pay Company expenses, including management fees, any amounts that may become due under any borrowings or
other financings or similar obligations and any other liabilities, contingent or otherwise, in each case to the extent they relate to
the Commitment Period, (ii) complete investments in any transactions for which there are binding written agreements as of the end of the
Commitment Period (including investments that are funded in phases), (iii) fund follow-on investments made in existing portfolio companies,
(iv) seek to maintain or protect the value of, or cover expenses related to, investments (including, without limitation, through currency
hedging transactions), (v) fund obligations under any Company guarantee or indemnity made during the Commitment Period and/or (vi) fund
any defaulted commitments. Proceeds realized by the Company from the sale or repayment of any investment (as opposed to investment income)
during the Commitment Period (but not in excess of the cost of any such investment), may be retained and reinvested by the Company; provided
that such additional amounts reinvested will not, in the aggregate, exceed the Company s total capital commitments. Any amounts
so reinvested will not reduce a stockholder s unfunded capital commitments. No investor will be permitted to sell, assign, transfer
or otherwise dispose of its shares or capital commitment unless the Adviser provides its prior written consent and the transfer is otherwise
made in accordance with applicable law. 

Regulation as a Private Business Development
Company 

We have filed an election to be treated as a BDC
under the 1940 Act. As with other companies regulated by the 1940 Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements.
The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their affiliates (including any investment
advisers or sub-advisers), principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters and requires that a majority of the
directors be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. 

In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may
not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as a BDC unless approved by a majority of our
outstanding voting securities. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser
of: (i) 67 or more of the voting securities present at such meeting, if the holders of more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities
of such company are present or represented by proxy or (ii) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. 

Any issuance of preferred stock must comply with
the requirements of the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act requires, among other things, that (1) immediately after issuance and before any dividend
or other distribution is made with respect to our common stock and before any purchase of common stock is made, such preferred stock together
with all other senior securities must not exceed an amount equal to 50 of our total assets after deducting the amount of such dividend,
distribution or purchase price, as the case may be, and (2) the holder of shares of preferred stock, if any are issued, must be entitled
as a class to elect two directors at all times and to elect a majority of the directors if dividends on such preferred stock are in arrears
by two full years or more. 

Certain other matters under the 1940 Act require
a separate class vote of the holders of any issued and outstanding preferred stock. For example, holders of preferred stock would be entitled
to vote separately as a class from the holders of common stock on a proposal involving a plan of reorganization adversely affecting such
securities. 

We may invest up to 100 of our assets in securities
acquired directly from issuers in privately negotiated transactions. With respect to such securities, we may, for the purpose of public
resale, be deemed a principal underwriter as that term is defined under the Securities Act. We may purchase or otherwise
receive warrants which offer an opportunity (not a requirement) to purchase common stock of a portfolio company in connection with an
acquisition financing or other investments. Similarly, we may acquire rights that obligate an issuer of acquired securities or their affiliates
to repurchase the securities at certain times, under certain circumstances. 

We do not intend to acquire securities issued
by any investment company whereby our investment would exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Under those limits, we generally cannot
acquire more than (i) 3 of the total outstanding voting stock of any investment company, (ii) invest more than 5 of the value of our
total assets in the securities of one investment company, or (iii) invest more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities
of investment companies in general. These limitations do not apply where we (i) make investments through a subsidiary or (ii) acquire
interests in a money market fund as long as we do not pay a sales charge or service fee in connection with the purchase. Subject to certain
exemptive rules, including Rule 12d1-4, the Company may, subject to certain conditions, invest in other investment companies in excess
of such thresholds. With respect to the portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies, it should be noted
that such investments might subject our stockholders to additional expenses. 

9 

None of our policies described above are fundamental
and each such policy may be changed without stockholder approval, subject to any limitations imposed by the 1940 Act. 

Private funds that are excluded from the definition
of investment company pursuant to either Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act are also subject to certain of the limits
under the 1940 Act noted above. Specifically, such private funds generally may not acquire directly or through a controlled entity more
than 3 of our total outstanding voting stock (measured at the time of the acquisition). As a result, such private funds would be required
to hold a smaller position in our stock than if they were not subject to this restriction. 

Qualifying Assets 

Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any
asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, 
unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets (not including certain assets specified in the 1940 Act) represent at least
70 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our proposed business are the following: 

(1) 
 Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company (as defined below), or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding thirteen months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the SEC. 

(2) 
 Securities of any eligible portfolio company that we control. 

(3) 
 Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 

(4) 
 Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own at least 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

(5) 
 Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of options, warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

(6) 
 Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

An eligible portfolio company is
defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 

(a) 
 is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

(b) 
 is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 

(c) 
 satisfies any of the following: 

does
not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or has a class of securities listed on a national securities
exchange but has an aggregate market value of outstanding common equity of less than 250 million; 

is
controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC, and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio
company; or 

is
a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2 million. 

10 

Limitations on Leverage 

As a BDC, we will be permitted, under specified
conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined
in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after each such issuance (e.g., 150 asset coverage means that for every 100 of
net assets, the Company may raise 200 from borrowing and issuing senior securities). On August 14, 2019, the Company s initial
shareholder approved the adoption of the 150 threshold pursuant to Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act and such election became effective
the following day. The amount of leverage that we will employ will depend on our Adviser s and our Board of Directors assessments
of market conditions and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing or issuance of senior securities. 

Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies

A BDC must be organized and have its principal
place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described
in (1), (2) or (3) above under Qualifying Assets. However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for
the purpose of the 70 requirement described above under Qualifying Assets , the BDC must also either control the issuer
of the securities or offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above)
significant managerial assistance; except that, where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons
acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance (as long as the BDC does not make
available significant managerial assistance solely in this fashion). Making available significant managerial assistance means, among other
things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide,
significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. The
offer to make available significant managerial assistance does not need to be accepted. 

Ongoing Relationships with Portfolio Companies

We view active portfolio monitoring as a vital
part of our investment process and are committed to a value-oriented philosophy implemented by our Adviser. Our Adviser seeks to minimize
the risk of capital loss while also striving for capital appreciation. Generally, we seek to draw on our Adviser s and its affiliates 
experience and access to market information to identify investment opportunities and to structure investments. 

Our Adviser has a number of methods of evaluating
and monitoring the performance and fair value of our investments. Our Adviser s private debt investment team intends to review the
financial statements and/or financial projections on such frequency as they are made available by our portfolio companies and to assess
the success of our portfolio companies in adhering to their business plans and in complying with their contractual covenants. Our Adviser
further intends to contact management of our portfolio companies and, if appropriate, the financial or strategic sponsor to enhance our
understanding of their financial position, requirements and/or accomplishments. Furthermore, our Adviser may seek to attend and participate
in the board meetings of our portfolio companies. 

Valuation 

In accordance with the procedures adopted by our
Board of Directors, the NAV per share of our outstanding shares of common stock is determined by the Adviser in good faith at least quarterly
by dividing the value of total assets minus liabilities by the total number of shares outstanding. 

As a BDC, we will generally invest in illiquid
securities including debt and equity investments of middle-market companies. Under procedures adopted by our Board of Directors, market
quotations are generally used to assess the value of our investments for which market quotations are readily available. Short-term investments
that have maturities of less than 60 days, at time of purchase, are valued at amortized cost, which when combined with any accrued interest,
approximates market value. With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, the Company fair values
such investments pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act. Pursuant to Rule 2a-5, the Board has designated the Adviser to perform the
fair valuation determinations, subject to Board oversight, pursuant to valuation procedures approved by the Board of Directors. See Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies 
Valuation of Portfolio Securities for more information on the Company s valuation policies and procedures. 

11 

Temporary Investments 

As a BDC, pending investment in other types of
 qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash items, U.S. government securities or high-quality
debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so
that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. Typically, we will invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that
such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. Government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves
the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon
future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is
no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 
of our total assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty on the last day of each calendar quarter, we would generally
not meet the asset diversification requirements in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, we do not intend
to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. The Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness
of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 

Indebtedness and Senior Securities 

As a BDC, we are permitted, under specified conditions,
to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940
Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after each such issuance (e.g., 150 asset coverage means that for every 100 of net assets,
the Company may raise 200 from borrowing and issuing senior securities). The amount of leverage that we will employ will depend on our
Adviser s and our Board of Directors assessments of market conditions and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing
or issuance of senior securities. 

In addition, except in limited circumstances,
while any indebtedness and senior securities remain outstanding, we must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders
or the repurchase of such securities or stock unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase.
We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes without regard to asset coverage.
For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure
 We may borrow money and enter into transactions, which magnify the potential for gain or loss and may increase the risk of investing
in us. 

Code of Ethics 

The Company and the Adviser have jointly adopted
a single code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act, respectively, that establishes
procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions by the Company s and the Adviser s
personnel. The Company has also adopted a code of ethics which applies to, among others, the Company s directors and senior officers,
including the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and any person performing
similar functions, and establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions (the SOX
Code ). Personnel subject to each code of ethics may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, so long as such
investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. 

The Company will provide any person, without charge,
upon request, a copy of our SOX Code. To receive a copy, please provide a written request to: Muzinich BDC, Inc., 450 Park Avenue, New
York, NY 10022 Attention: Investor Relations. Any material amendments to or waivers of a required provision of the SOX Code will
be reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Compliance Policies and Procedures 

We and our Adviser have adopted and implemented
written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the Federal securities laws, review these policies and procedures
annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation, and designate a chief compliance officer to be responsible
for administering the policies and procedures. 

12 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. For example: 

pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 

pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 

pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our management must prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting; and 

pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our
current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary
to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 

Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 

We will
generally not own publicly traded equity securities and will primarily invest in securities that do not have voting rights. To the extent
that we invest in securities that do have voting rights, the Board has delegated our proxy voting responsibility to our Adviser.
The Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of our Adviser are set forth below. This Policy is reviewed periodically by the Adviser and the
Company s directors who are not interested persons and, accordingly, is subject to change. 

Introduction 

As an investment adviser registered under the
Advisers Act, the Adviser has a fiduciary duty to act in the Company s best interests. As part of this duty, having accepted responsibility
to vote proxies for and respond to consent solicitations regarding Company portfolio holdings, the Adviser recognizes that it must act
in these regards in a timely manner, free of conflicts of interest, and in the Company s best interests. 

Process and Procedures 

The Adviser votes proxies relating to the Company s
portfolio securities in the best interest of the Company s stockholders, taking into account such factors as it deems relevant,
in its sole good-faith discretion. The Adviser reviews, on a case-by-case basis, each proxy or consent solicitation received to determine
its impact on the pertinent portfolio interests held by the Company. In most cases the Adviser will vote in favor of proposals that the
Adviser believes are likely to increase the value of these interests. Although the Adviser generally votes against proposals that may
have a negative impact on any of the Company s portfolio holdings, the Adviser may vote for such a proposal if there exists compelling
long-term reasons to do so. 

The Adviser s proxy voting decisions are
made by the Adviser s senior Investment Team members. To ensure that the Adviser s vote is not the product of a conflict of
interest, the Adviser requires that anyone involved in the decision-making process disclose to the Company s Chief Compliance Officer
any personal potential conflict of interest that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party
regarding a proxy vote. Personnel involved in the decision-making or vote administration process are prohibited from revealing how the
Adviser intends to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. Where conflicts of interest
may be present, the Adviser discloses such conflicts to the Company, including the Company s independent directors, and may request
guidance from the Company on how to vote such proxies. 

Proxy Voting Records 

Company stockholders may obtain information without
charge about how the Adviser voted proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information addressed to: Muzinich BDC Adviser,
LLC, 450 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10022 -- Attention: Investor Relations. 

13 

Privacy Principles 

As a BDC and its registered investment adviser,
each of the Company and our Adviser, respectively, has adopted policies and procedures to protect the nonpublic personal information NPI of investors. Each of the Company and our Adviser takes seriously its responsibility to maintain the confidentiality
of investor information. In the course of its capital raising, asset management and related operational activities, each of the Company
and our Adviser gains access to non-public information about investors in the Company. Such information may include personal financial
and account information, and data or analyses derived from such non-public personal information (collectively referred to as Confidential
Investor Information ). 

The Company and our Adviser do not share Confidential
Investor Information with any third parties, except in the following circumstances: 

As necessary to provide the service that the investor requested or authorized, or to maintain and service the investor s account. The Company and/or our Adviser will require that any financial intermediary, agent or sub-contractor utilized by the Company and/or our Adviser (such as brokers or fund administrators) comply with substantially similar standards for non-disclosure and protection of Confidential Investor Information and use the information provided by the Company and/or our Adviser only for the performance of the specific service requested by the Company and/or our Adviser. 

As required by regulatory authorities or law enforcement officials who have jurisdiction over the Company and/or our Adviser, or as otherwise required or permitted by any applicable law. In the event the Company and/or our Adviser is compelled to disclose Confidential Investor Information, the Company and/or our Adviser, if permitted by law, may provide prompt notice to the affected investors, so that the investors may have the opportunity to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy. If no protective order or other appropriate remedy is obtained and the Company and/or our Adviser is compelled to disclose Confidential Investor Information, the Company and/or our Adviser shall disclose only such information, and only in such detail, to the extent legally required as determined in its reasonable judgment. 

To the extent reasonably necessary to prevent fraud, unauthorized transactions or liability. 

The Company and our Adviser restrict access to
Confidential Client Information to those personnel who need to know such information to provide services to clients. 

Reporting Obligations 

We will furnish our stockholders with annual reports
containing audited financial statements, quarterly reports, and such other reports as we determine to be appropriate or as may be required
by law. We are required to comply with all reporting, proxy solicitation and other applicable requirements under the Exchange Act. 

Because we do not currently maintain a corporate
website, we do not intend to make available on a website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our current
reports on Form 8-K. We do, however, provide electronic or paper copies of our filings free of charge upon request. 

Stockholders and the public may also read and
copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 450 Fifth Street, NW, Washington, DC 20549. The public
may also obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains
a website (www.sec.gov) that contains such information. 

Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences

The following discussion is a general summary
of certain material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us and an investment in shares of our common stock. The discussion
is based upon the Code, the regulations of the U.S. Department of Treasury promulgated thereunder, which we refer to as the Treasury
regulations , the legislative history of the Code, current administrative interpretations and practices of the IRS (including administrative
interpretations and practices of the IRS expressed in private letter rulings which are binding on the IRS only with respect to the particular
taxpayers that requested and received those rulings) and judicial decisions, each as of the date of this Form 10-K and all of which are
subject to change or differing interpretations, possibly retroactively, which could affect the continuing validity of this discussion.
We have not sought, and will not seek, any ruling from the IRS regarding any matter discussed in this summary, and this summary is not
binding on the IRS. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not assert, and a court will not sustain, a position contrary
to any of the tax consequences discussed below. 

14 

You should note that this summary does not purport
to be a complete description of all the tax aspects affecting us or the beneficial owners of shares of our common stock, which we refer
to as stockholders. For example, this summary does not describe all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may
be relevant to certain types of stockholders subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws, including stockholders
subject to the alternative minimum tax, tax-exempt organizations, insurance companies, partnerships or other pass-through entities and
their owners, Non-U.S. stockholders (as defined below) engaged in a trade or business in the United States or entitled to claim the benefits
of an applicable income tax treaty, persons who have ceased to be U.S. citizens or to be taxed as residents of the United States, U.S.
stockholders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, persons holding our common stock in connection with
a hedging, straddle, conversion or other integrated transaction, dealers in securities, traders in securities that elect to use a market-to-market
method of accounting for securities holdings, pension plans and trusts, and financial institutions. This summary assumes that our stockholders
hold shares of our common stock as capital assets for U.S. federal income tax purposes (generally, assets held for investment). This summary
does not discuss any aspects of U.S. estate or gift taxation, U.S. state or local taxation or non-U.S. taxation. It does not discuss the
special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws that could result if we invest in tax-exempt securities or certain other investment
assets. 

For purposes of this discussion, a U.S.
stockholder is a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 

an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; 

a corporation, or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, including, for this purpose, the District of Columbia; 

a trust if (i) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States persons (as defined in the Code) have the authority to control all substantive decisions of the trust, or (ii) the trust has in effect a valid election to be treated as a domestic trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes; or 

an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. 

For purposes of this discussion, a Non-U.S.
stockholder is a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is not a U.S. stockholder or a partnership (or an entity or
arrangement treated as a partnership) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

If a partnership, or other entity or arrangement
treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, holds shares of our common stock, the U.S. federal income tax treatment
of a partner in the partnership generally will depend on the status of the partner, the activities of the partnership and certain determinations
made at the partner level. A stockholder that is a partnership holding shares of our common stock, and each partner in such a partnership,
should consult his, her or its own tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of shares
of our common stock. 

Tax matters are very complicated and the tax consequences
to each stockholder of the ownership and disposition of shares of our common stock will depend on the facts of his, her or its particular
situation. You should consult your own tax adviser regarding the specific tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of shares
of our common stock to you, including tax reporting requirements, the applicability of U.S. federal, state and local tax laws and non-U.S.
tax laws, eligibility for the benefits of any applicable income tax treaty and the effect of any possible changes in the tax laws. 

Election to be Taxed as a RIC 

We have elected to be considered a BDC under the
1940 Act. We have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally
will not pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any net ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute as dividends
to our stockholders. Rather, dividends we distribute generally will be taxable to our stockholders, and any net operating losses, foreign
tax credits and other of our tax attributes generally will not pass through to our stockholders, subject to special rules for certain
items such as net capital gains and qualified dividend income we recognize. 

To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things,
meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, to qualify as a RIC, we must timely
distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our investment company taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends paid
deduction), which is generally our net ordinary income plus the excess of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term
capital losses, if any, for each taxable year (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). 

15 

Taxation as a RIC 

If we qualify as a RIC and satisfy the Annual
Distribution Requirement, then we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income
and net capital gain (generally, net long-term capital gain in excess of net short-term capital loss) that we timely distribute (or are
deemed to timely distribute) to our stockholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any
income or capital gain not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our stockholders. 

We generally will be subject to a 4 nondeductible
U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of
(1) 98 of our net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital
gains in excess of capital losses (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year
and (3) any net ordinary income and capital gains in excess of capital losses recognized, but not distributed, in preceding calendar years
(the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement ). We will not be subject to the U.S. federal excise tax on amounts on which we are
required to pay U.S. federal income tax (such as retained net capital gains). Depending upon the level of taxable income earned in a taxable
year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income for distribution in the following taxable year and pay the applicable U.S. federal
excise tax. 

In order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 

qualify and have in effect an election to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 

derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to loans of certain securities, gains from the sale of stock or other securities, net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership (as defined in the Code), or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities (the 90 Income Test and 

diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 

(1) 
 at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items (including receivables), U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and 

(2) 
 no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in (a) the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer or of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable Code rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or (b) the securities of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships ((1) and (2) collectively, the Diversification Tests ). 

For U.S. federal income tax purposes, we will
include in our taxable income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash. For example, if we hold debt instruments that are
treated under applicable U.S. federal income tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with PIK interest or,
in certain cases, that have increasing interest rates or are issued with warrants), we must include in our taxable income in each taxable
year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether we receive cash representing
such income in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in our taxable income other amounts that we have not yet received in
cash, such as accruals on a contingent payment debt instrument or deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination of the
loan or are paid in non-cash compensation such as warrants or stock. Because such original issue discount or other amounts accrued will
be included in our investment company taxable income for the taxable year of accrual, we may be required to make distributions to our
stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement and/or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement, even though we will
have not received any corresponding cash payments. Accordingly, to enable us to make distributions to our stockholders that will be sufficient
to enable us to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, we may need to sell some of our assets at times and/or at prices that we
would not consider advantageous, we may need to raise additional equity or debt capital or we may need to forego new investment opportunities
or otherwise take actions that are disadvantageous to our business (or be unable to take actions that are advantageous to our business).
If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources to enable us to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, we may fail to qualify
for the U.S. federal income tax benefits allowable to RICs and, thus, become subject to a corporate-level U.S. federal income tax (and
any applicable state and local taxes). 

Because we expect to use debt financing, we may
be prevented by financial covenants contained in our debt financing agreements from making distributions to our stockholders in certain
circumstances. In addition, under the 1940 Act, we are generally not permitted to make distributions to our stockholders while our debt
obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless certain asset coverage tests are met. See Part I.
Item 1. Business Indebtedness and Senior Securities. Limits on our distributions to our stockholders may prevent us from
satisfying the Annual Distribution Requirement and, therefore, may jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a RIC, or subject us to
the 4 U.S. federal excise tax. 

16 

Although we do not presently expect to do so,
we may borrow funds and sell assets in order to make distributions to our stockholders that are sufficient for us to satisfy the Annual
Distribution Requirement. However, our ability to dispose of assets may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or
(2) other requirements relating to our status as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet
the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment
standpoint, are not advantageous. Alternatively, although we currently do not intend to do so, to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement,
we may declare a taxable dividend payable in our stock or cash at the election of each stockholder. In such case, for U.S. federal income
tax purposes, the amount of the dividend paid in our common stock will generally be equal to the amount of cash that could have been received
instead of our stock. 

A RIC is limited in its ability to deduct expenses
in excess of its investment company taxable income. If our expenses in a given taxable year exceed our investment company taxable income,
we would incur a net operating loss for that taxable year. However, a RIC is not permitted to carry forward net operating losses to subsequent
taxable years and such net operating losses do not pass through to its stockholders. In addition, expenses can be used only to offset
investment company taxable income, not net capital gain. A RIC may not use any net capital losses (that is, realized capital losses in
excess of realized capital gains) to offset the RIC s investment company taxable income, but may carry forward such losses, and
use them to offset future capital gains, indefinitely. As a result of these limits on the deductibility of expenses and net capital losses,
we may for tax purposes have aggregate taxable income for several taxable years that we are required to distribute and that is taxable
to our stockholders even if such income is greater than the aggregate net income we actually earned during those taxable years. In addition,
if future capital gains are offset by carried forward capital losses, such future capital gains are not subject to any corporate-level
U.S. federal income tax, regardless of whether they are distributed to our stockholders. Accordingly, we do not expect to distribute any
such offsetting capital gains. 

Distributions we make to our stockholders may
be made from our cash assets or by liquidation of our investments, if necessary. We may recognize gains or losses from such liquidations.
In the event we recognize net capital gains from such transactions, you may receive a larger capital gain distribution than you would
have received in the absence of such transactions. 

Failure to Qualify as a RIC 

If we failed to satisfy the 90 Income Test for
any taxable year or the Diversification Tests for any quarter of a taxable year, we might nevertheless continue to qualify as a RIC for
such taxable year if certain relief provisions of the Code applied (which might, among other things, require us to pay certain corporate-level
U.S. federal taxes or to dispose of certain assets). If we failed to qualify for treatment as a RIC and such relief provisions did not
apply to us, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate U.S. federal income tax
rates (and we also would be subject to any applicable state and local taxes), regardless of whether we make any distributions to our stockholders.
We would not be able to deduct distributions to our stockholders, nor would distributions to our stockholders be required to be made for
U.S. federal income tax purposes. Any distributions we make generally would be taxable to our U.S. stockholders as ordinary dividend income
and, subject to certain limitations under the Code, would be eligible for the 20 maximum rate applicable to individuals and other non-corporate
U.S. stockholders, to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, U.S.
stockholders that are corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes would be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. Distributions
in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s
adjusted tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. 

For
the tax year ended December 31, 2022, the Company was unable to satisfy the requirement that a RIC must derive at least 90 of its
annual gross income from qualifying income. Consequently, subsequent to the quarter ended September 30, 2023, the
Company paid a tax liability due on the income generated from the Company s ownership percentage in the assets from which the
nonqualifying income was derived during the tax year ended December 31, 2022, in the amount of 548,796, which included 21,839, in
penalties (the Section 851(i) Tax Liability ). The Adviser reimbursed the Company in full for payment of the Section
851(i) Tax Liability. In December 2023, the Company established a wholly-owned subsidiary
named Muzinich BDC Holdings, LLC Subsidiary which serves to hold equity or equity-like investments in partnerships. The
Subsidiary had not yet commenced operations as of December 31, 2023. Going forward, all intercompany balances will be eliminated in consolidation,
and the Company will consolidate the Subsidiary for accounting purposes but the Subsidiary will not be consolidated for U.S. federal income
tax purposes and may incur U.S. federal income tax expense as a result. 

Subject to a limited exception applicable to RICs
that qualified as such under Subchapter M of the Code for at least one taxable year prior to disqualification and that requalify as a
RIC no later than the second taxable year following the non-qualifying taxable year, we could be subject to U.S. federal income tax on
any unrealized net built-in gains in the assets held by us during the period in which we failed to qualify as a RIC that are recognized
during the 5-year period after our requalification as a RIC, unless we made a special election to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income
tax on such net built-in gains at the time of our requalification as a RIC. We may decide to be taxed as a regular corporation even if
we would otherwise qualify as a RIC if we determine that treatment as a corporation for a particular taxable year would be in our best
interests. 

17 

Our Investments General 

Certain of our investment practices may be subject
to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things, (1) treat dividends that would otherwise constitute
qualified dividend income as non-qualified dividend income, (2) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or
deductions, (3) convert lower-taxed long-term capital gain into higher-taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income, (4) convert an
ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited), (5) cause us to recognize income or gain
without receipt of a corresponding cash payment, (6) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is
deemed to occur, (7) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions and (8) produce income that will not
be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test. We intend to monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections to
mitigate the potential adverse effect of these provisions, but there can be no assurance that we will be eligible for any such tax elections
or that any adverse effects of these provisions will be mitigated. 

Gain or loss recognized by us from warrants or
other securities acquired by us, as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants, generally will be treated as capital
gain or loss. Such gain or loss generally will be long-term or short-term depending on how long we held a particular warrant or security. 

A portfolio company in which we invest may face
financial difficulties that require us to work-out, modify or otherwise restructure our investment in the portfolio company. Any such
transaction could, depending upon the specific terms of the transaction, result in unusable capital losses and future non-cash income.
Any such transaction could also result in our receiving assets that give rise to non-qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income
Test or otherwise would not count toward satisfying the Diversification Requirements. 

We may invest a portion of our net assets in below
investment grade instruments. Investments in these types of instruments may present special tax issues for us. U.S. federal income tax
rules are not entirely clear about issues such as when we may cease to accrue interest, original issue discount or market discount, when
and to what extent deductions may be taken for bad debts or worthless instruments, how payments received on obligations in default should
be allocated between principal and income and whether exchanges of debt obligations in a bankruptcy or workout context are taxable. We
will address these and other issues to the extent necessary in order to seek to ensure that we distribute sufficient income to avoid any
material U.S. federal income or excise tax. 

Our investment in non-U.S. securities may be subject
to non-U.S. income, withholding and other taxes. In that case, our yield on those securities would be decreased. Stockholders generally
will not be entitled to claim a U.S. foreign tax credit or deduction with respect to non-U.S. taxes paid by us. 

If we acquire shares in a passive foreign
investment company (a PFIC ), we may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a portion of any excess distribution 
received on, or any gain from the disposition of, such shares even if we distribute such income as a taxable dividend to our stockholders.
Additional charges in the nature of interest generally will be imposed on us in respect of deferred taxes arising from any such excess
distribution or gain. If we invest in the shares of a PFIC and elect to treat the PFIC as a qualified electing fund under
the Code (a QEF ), in lieu of the foregoing requirements, we will be required to include in income each taxable year our
proportionate share of the ordinary earnings and net capital gain of the QEF, even if such income is not distributed by the QEF. Alternatively,
we may be able to elect to mark-to-market our shares in a PFIC at the end of each taxable year (as well as certain other dates prescribed
in the Code); in this case, we will recognize as ordinary income any increase in the value of such shares, and as ordinary loss any decrease
in such value to the extent that any such decrease does not exceed prior increases in such value included in our income. Our ability to
make either election will depend on factors beyond our control, and are subject to restrictions which may limit the availability of the
benefit of these elections. Under either election, we may be required to recognize in a taxable year income in excess of any distributions
we receive from PFICs and any proceeds from dispositions of PFIC stock during that year, and such income will nevertheless be subject
to the Annual Distribution Requirement and will be taken into account for purposes of determining whether we satisfy the Excise Tax Avoidance
Requirement. See Taxation as a RIC above. 

Under Section 988 of the Code, gains or losses
attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates between the time we accrue income, expenses or other liabilities denominated in a foreign
currency and the time we actually collect such income or pay such expenses or liabilities are generally treated as ordinary income or
loss. Similarly, gains or losses on foreign currency-denominated forward, futures and option contracts, as well as certain financial instruments,
and the disposition of debt obligations denominated in a foreign currency, to the extent attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates
between the acquisition and disposition dates, are also treated as ordinary income or loss. 

Some of the income that we might otherwise earn,
such as fees for providing managerial assistance, certain fees earned with respect to our investments, income recognized in a work-out
or restructuring of a portfolio investment, or income recognized from an equity investment in an operating partnership, may not satisfy
the 90 Income Test. To manage the risk that such income might disqualify us as a RIC for failure to satisfy the 90 Income Test, one
or more subsidiary entities treated as U.S. corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes may be employed to earn such income and
(if applicable) hold the related asset. Such subsidiary entities will be required to pay U.S. federal income tax on their earnings, which
ultimately will reduce the yield to our stockholders on such fees and income. 

18 

19 

20 

21 

22 

23 

24 

25 

26 

27 

28 

29 

30 

31 

32 

33 

34 

35 

36 

37 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity 

Cybersecurity 

The Company has processes in place to assess,
identify, and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats. The Company s business is dependent on the communications and information
systems of the Adviser and other third-party service providers. The Adviser manages the Company s day-to-day operations and has
implemented a cybersecurity program that applies to the Company and its operations. 

Cybersecurity Program Overview 

The Adviser has instituted a cybersecurity program
designed to identify, assess, and mitigate cyber risks applicable to the Company. The cyber risk management program involves risk assessments,
implementation of security measures, and ongoing monitoring of systems and networks, including networks on which the Company relies. The
Adviser actively monitors the current threat landscape in an effort to identify material risks arising from new and evolving cybersecurity
threats, including material risks faced by the Company. 

The Company relies on the Adviser to engage external
experts, including cybersecurity assessors, consultants, and auditors to evaluate cybersecurity measures and risk management processes,
including those applicable to the Company. 

The Company relies on the Adviser s risk
management program and processes, which include cyber risk assessments. 

The Company depends on and engages various third
parties, including suppliers, vendors, and service providers, to operate its business. The Company relies on the expertise of risk management,
legal, information technology, and compliance personnel of the Adviser when identifying and overseeing risks from cybersecurity threats
associated with our use of such entities. 

Board Oversight of Cybersecurity Risks 

The Board provides oversight on cybersecurity
matters, including risks associated with cybersecurity threats. The Board receives periodic updates from the Company s Chief Compliance
Officer regarding the overall state of the cybersecurity programs of the Company s Adviser, custodian, transfer agent and Administrator,
information on the current threat landscape, and risks from cybersecurity threats and cybersecurity incidents impacting the Company. 

38 

Management s Role in Cybersecurity Risk Management

The Company s management, including the
Company s CCO, is responsible for assessing and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. Members of Company management
possess relevant expertise in various disciplines that are key to effectively managing such risks, such as of the Company s Chief
Financial Officer who serves as the Chief Information Security Officer of Muzinich. Management of the Company is informed about and monitors
the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents impacting the Company, including through the receipt
of notifications from service providers and reliance on communications with risk management, legal, information technology, and/or compliance
personnel of the Adviser. 

Assessment of Cybersecurity Risk 

The potential impact of risks from cybersecurity
threats on the Company are assessed on an ongoing basis, and how such risks could materially affect the Company s business strategy,
operational results, and financial condition are regularly evaluated. During the reporting period, the Company has not identified any
risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of previous cybersecurity incidents, that the Company believes have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company, including its business strategy, operational results, and financial
condition. 

Item 2. Properties 

We do not own any real estate or other properties
materially important to our operations. Our principal executive offices are located at 450 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022. We believe
that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is contemplated to be conducted. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Neither we nor the Adviser are currently subject
to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, are any material legal proceedings threatened against us or the Adviser. From
time to time, we or the Adviser may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings
relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. Our business is also subject to extensive regulation,
which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. While the outcome of these legal or regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted
with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

39 

PART II. 

Item 5. Market Price of and Dividends on the
Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters Market Information 

Our common stock offered in Private Offerings
has not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction. Accordingly, we and Muzinich Capital
LLC (the Placement Agent offer our common stock only (1) to accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501
under the Securities Act) and (2) outside the United States in compliance with Regulation S, in reliance upon exemptions from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act. 

Each purchaser of our common stock will be required
to complete and deliver to the Placement Agent and us, prior to the acceptance of any order, a subscription agreement substantiating the
purchaser s investor status and including other limitations on resales and transfers of our common stock. 

Purchasers of shares of our common stock will
not be permitted to transfer their shares without our prior written consent until a date to be established by us. While we expect not
to unreasonably withhold our prior written consent to transfers by our common stockholders, we may withhold our consent if any such transfer
would have adverse tax, regulatory or other consequences. Additionally, to the extent we approve any transfers or the foregoing restriction
lapses, investors will be subject to restrictions on resale and transfer associated with securities sold pursuant to Regulation D, Regulation
S and other exemptions from registration under the Securities Act. Unless and until our common stock were to become registered under the
Securities Act, it may be transferred only in transactions that are exempt from registration under the Securities Act and the applicable
securities laws of other jurisdictions. 

Any transfers of shares of our common stock in
violation of the foregoing provisions will be void, and any intended recipient of our common stock will acquire no rights in such shares
and will not be treated as our stockholder for any purpose. 

Holders 

Please see Item 12. Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management for disclosure regarding the holders of the Company s common stock. 

Dividends 

We intend to pay quarterly distributions to our
stockholders out of assets legally available for distribution. All dividends and distributions will be subject to lawfully available funds
therefore, and no assurance can be given that we will be able to declare such an initial distribution or distributions in future periods. 

We have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify
annually, to be subject to tax as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To obtain and maintain our ability to be subject to tax as a RIC,
we must, among other things, timely distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our investment company taxable income for each taxable
year. We intend to timely distribute to our stockholders substantially all of our annual taxable income for each taxable year, except
that we may retain certain net capital gains (i.e., realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital
losses) for reinvestment and, depending upon the level of taxable income earned in a taxable year, we may choose to carry forward taxable
income for distribution in the following taxable year and pay any applicable U.S. federal excise tax. We generally will be required to
pay such U.S. federal excise tax if our distributions in respect of a calendar year do not exceed the sum of (1) 98 of our net ordinary
income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gains in excess of capital
losses (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (3) any net ordinary
income and capital gains in excess of capital losses for preceding calendar years that were not distributed during such calendar years
and on which we did not pay any U.S. federal income tax. If we retain net capital gains, we may treat such amounts as deemed distributions
to our stockholders. In that case, you will be treated as if you had received an actual distribution of the capital gains we retained
and then you reinvested the net after-tax proceeds in our common stock. In general, you also will be eligible to claim a tax credit (or,
in certain circumstances, obtain a tax refund) equal to your allocable share of the tax we paid on the capital gains deemed distributed
to you. The distributions we pay to our stockholders in a taxable year may exceed our taxable income for that taxable year and, accordingly,
a portion of such distributions may constitute a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The specific tax characteristics
of our distributions will be reported to stockholders after the end of the calendar year. Please refer to Part I. Item 1. Business
 Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences for further information regarding the tax treatment of our distributions and
the tax consequences of our retention of net capital gains. 

Reports to Stockholders 

We plan to furnish our stockholders with an annual
report for each fiscal year ending December 31 containing financial statements audited by our independent registered public accounting
firm. Additionally, we intend to continue to comply with the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. 

40 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis should be
read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Unless indicated otherwise, the Company, we, us, and our 
refer to Muzinich BDC, Inc., and the Adviser refers to Muzinich BDC Adviser, LLC, an affiliate of Muzinich Co.,
Inc. (together with the Adviser and their other affiliates, collectively, Muzinich ). 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Such statements are not historical facts and are based on current expectations,
estimates, projections, opinions and/or beliefs of the Company and/or Muzinich. You can identify these statements by the use of forward-looking
terminology such as may, will, should, expect, anticipate, project, 
 estimate, intend, continue or believe or the negatives thereof or other variations
thereon or comparable terminology. You should read statements that contain these words carefully because they discuss our plans, strategies,
prospects and expectations concerning our business, operating results, financial condition and other similar matters. We believe that
it is important to communicate our future expectations to our investors. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, information in this Form 10-K regarding general domestic and global economic conditions, our future financing plans, our ability to
operate as a BDC and the expected performance of, and the yield on, our portfolio companies. In particular, there are forward-looking
statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. There may
be events in the future, however, that we are not able to predict accurately or control. The factors referenced under Part I. Item
1A. Risk Factors, as well as any cautionary language in this Form 10-K, provide examples of risks, uncertainties and events that
may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations we describe in our forward-looking statements. You should be aware
that the occurrence of the events described in these risk factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operation and financial position. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Form 10-K speaks only as
of the date on which we make it. Factors or events that could cause actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not
possible to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

The following factors are among those that may
cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements: 

our future operating results; 

changes in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets, which could result in changes to the value of our assets, or other external factors, including the current conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and Israel and Hamas; 

our business prospects and the prospects of our prospective portfolio companies, including our and their ability to achieve our respective objectives as a result of the current conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and Israel and Hamas; 

the impact of investments that we expect to make; 

the impact of increased competition; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 

the ability of our prospective portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 

the relative and absolute performance of our Adviser; 

41 

the ability of our Adviser and its affiliates to attract and retain talented professionals; 

our expected financings and investments; 

our ability to pay dividends or make distributions; 

the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our prospective portfolio companies; 

the impact of future acquisitions and divestitures; 

the timing and manner in which we conduct an initial public offering IPO and/or listing, if at all; 

the timing and manner in which we conduct any share repurchase offers; and 

our regulatory structure and tax status as a BDC and a regulated investment company (a RIC 

Although we believe that the assumptions on which
these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, some of those assumptions are based on the work of third parties and any of
those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate; as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could prove
to be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this Form 10-K
should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include
those referenced in the section entitled Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. You should not place
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Form 10-K. We do not undertake any obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statements or any other information contained herein, except as required by applicable law. 

42 

Overview 

We were incorporated under the laws of the State
of Delaware on May 29, 2019. The Company has elected to be treated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
 1940 Act and has elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC for federal income tax purposes.
As such, we are required to comply with various regulatory requirements, such as the requirement to invest at least 70 of our assets
in qualifying assets, source of income limitations, asset diversification requirements, and the requirement to distribute
annually at least 90 of our taxable income and tax-exempt interest. 

As of December 31, 2023, the Company has capital
commitments from investors in the amount of 205,000,000. As of December 31, 2023 the Company has equity capital in the amount of 177,006,868.
See Equity Activity under Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources below for further details. 

Revenues 

We generate revenues in the form of interest income
from the debt securities we hold and dividends and capital appreciation on either direct equity investments or equity interests obtained
in connection with originating loans, such as options, warrants or conversion rights. We expect most of the debt securities we will hold
will be floating rate in nature. The debt we invest in will typically not be rated by any rating agency, but if it were, it is likely
that such debt would be below investment grade (rated lower than Baa3 by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Moody s and lower than BBB- by Fitch Ratings, Inc. Fitch or Standard Poor s Rating Group, a division
of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. S P )), which is an indication of having predominantly speculative characteristics
with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. We intend to structure our debt investments with interest
payable quarterly, semi-annually or annually, but we may structure certain investments with terms to provide for longer interest payment
periods or to allow interest to be paid by adding amounts due to the principal balance of the loan, resulting in deferred cash receipts.
In addition, we may also generate revenue in the form of commitment, loan origination, structuring or diligence fees, fees for providing
managerial assistance to our portfolio companies, and possibly consulting fees. Certain of these fees may be capitalized and amortized
as additional interest income over the life of the related loan. 

Expenses 

Primary expenses include those related to: 

our initial organization costs and operating costs incurred prior to the commencement of our operations; 

calculating individual asset values and our price per share equal to the NAV (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firms); 

out-of-pocket expenses, including travel expense, incurred by the Adviser, or members of Muzinich, or payable to third parties, performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies and, if necessary, enforcing rights; 

costs of the offering or effecting any sales of, or repurchases of, our common stock and other securities, if any; 

costs of research and market data; 

the Management Fee and any Incentive Fee; 

certain costs and expenses relating to distributions paid on our shares; 

administration fees payable under our Administration Agreement; 

costs relating to the engagement of our chief compliance officer; 

debt service and other costs of borrowings or other financing arrangements; 

direct costs incurred by the Adviser or its affiliates in providing managerial assistance to portfolio companies; 

amounts payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making or holding investments; 

transfer agent and custodial fees; 

43 

costs of hedging; 

commissions and other compensation payable to brokers or dealers; 

federal, state and local taxes; 

Independent Director fees and expenses, including certain travel expenses; 

costs of preparing financial statements and maintaining books and records and filing reports or other documents with the SEC (or other regulatory bodies), and costs associated with other reporting and/or compliance obligations under applicable federal and/or state laws, including registration and listing fees, and the compensation of professionals responsible for the preparation of any of the foregoing; 

the costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to our stockholders (including printing and mailing costs), the costs of any stockholders meetings and the compensation of investor relations personnel responsible for the preparation of the foregoing and related matters; 

our fidelity bond; 

directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 

extraordinary expenses (such as litigation or indemnification payments); 

direct costs and expenses of administration; 

fees and expenses associated with audits, accounting, tax advisors and outside legal and consulting costs; 

costs incurred in connection with the formation or maintenance of entities or vehicles to hold our assets for tax or other purposes; 

costs of winding up; and 

all other expenses reasonably incurred by us in connection with making investments and administering our business. 

From time to time, our Adviser or its affiliates
may pay amounts owed by us to third-party providers of goods or services. We will subsequently reimburse our Adviser for such amounts
paid on our behalf. There is no contractual cap on the amount of reasonable costs and expenses for which our Adviser will be reimbursed. 

We have entered into a credit facility, and may
enter into a further credit facility or other debt arrangements, to partially fund our operations, and have incurred costs and expenses
including commitment, origination, legal and/or structuring fees and the related interest costs associated with any amounts borrowed. 

We have had limited operating history, and therefore
this statement concerning additional expenses is necessarily an estimate and may not match our actual results of operations in the future. 

Portfolio and Investment Activity 

As of December 31, 2023, the Company had fifteen
debt investments, and sixteen equity investments in eleven portfolio companies with an aggregate fair value of approximately 151.9 million.
As of December 31, 2023, our debt investments consisted entirely of senior secured loans. Short-term investments as of December 31, 2023
consisted of United States Treasury bills that will expire within sixty days of purchase, with an aggregate fair value of approximately
 112.2 million. 

44 

The Company s investment activity for the
years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 is presented below (information presented herein is at cost unless otherwise indicated). 

For the year ended December 31, 2023 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 New investments: 

Gross investment purchases 
 313,626,086 
 35,918,661 
 
 Less: sold investments 
 (15,167,966 
 (811,401 
 
 Total new investments 
 298,458,120 
 35,107,260 

Principal/par/units amount of investments funded: 

Term loan debt investments 
 295,633,120 
 35,125,000 
 
 Equity investments 
 2,825,000 
 2,264,581 

Number of new investment commitments 
 3 
 3 
 
 Average new investment commitment amount 
 11,750,000 
 11,702,420 
 
 Weighted average maturity for new investment commitments 
 6.4 years 
 5.3 years 
 
 Percentage of new debt investment commitments at floating rates 
 100 
 67 
 
 Percentage of new debt investment commitments at fixed rates 
 0 
 33 
 
 Weighted average spread SOFR of new floating rate investment commitments 
 7.45 
 8.74 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company s investments consisted
of the following: 

December 31, 2023 
 December 31, 2022 

Amortized 
 Fair 
 Amortized 
 Fair 

Cost 
 Value 
 Cost 
 Value 
 
 Senior Secured Loan Debt Instruments 
 140,306,597 
 139,554,926 
 75,098,664 
 74,859,228 
 
 Equity Investments - Common Stock 
 5,620,001 
 5,998,844 
 4,310,001 
 4,518,313 
 
 Equity Investments - Preferred Stock 
 6,238,389 
 6,356,894 
 3,125,042 
 4,463,601 
 
 Warrants 
 - 
 - 
 156,811 
 248,788 
 
 Short-Term Investments 
 112,178,709 
 112,178,709 
 61,429,984 
 61,429,984 
 
 Total Investments 
 264,343,696 
 264,089,373 
 144,120,502 
 145,519,914 

The Adviser believes that actively managing an
investment allows it to identify problems early and work with companies to develop constructive solutions when necessary. The Adviser
will monitor our portfolio with a focus toward anticipating negative credit events. In seeking to maintain portfolio company performance
and to help ensure a successful exit, the Adviser will work closely with, as applicable, the lead equity sponsor, portfolio company management,
consultants, advisers and other security holders to discuss financial position, compliance with covenants, financial requirements and
execution of the company s business plan. In addition, the Adviser s personnel may occupy a seat or serve as an observer on
a portfolio company s board of directors or similar governing body. 

Typically, the Company will receive financial
reports detailing operating performance, sales volumes, margins, cash flows, financial position and other key operating metrics, typically
on a quarterly basis from portfolio companies. The Company will use this data, combined with the knowledge gained through due diligence
of the company s customers, suppliers, competitors, market research and other methods, to conduct an ongoing assessment of the portfolio
company s operating performance and prospects. 

45 

Results of Operations 

The following table represents the operating results
for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022: 

For the year ended December 31, 2023 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Total investment income 
 18,934,912 
 11,061,998 
 
 Total expenses 
 3,563,747 
 2,350,250 
 
 Net investment income (loss) 
 15,371,165 
 8,711,748 
 
 Total net realized gains (losses) 
 - 
 (11,612 
 
 Total net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 
 (1,653,737 
 (1,868,536 
 
 Total net realized and unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 
 (1,653,737 
 (1,880,148 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 13,717,430 
 6,831,600 

Investment Income 

Investment income for the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022 was as follows: 

For the year ended December 31, 2023 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Interest from term loan debt instruments and preferred stock 
 18,934,912 
 11,017,376 
 
 Commitment fees 
 - 
 44,622 
 
 Interest from cash and cash equivalents 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest from short-term investments 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total investment income 
 18,934,912 
 11,061,998 

Investment income increased from 11,061,988 for
the year ended December 31, 2022 to 18,934,912 for the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to an increase in interest income
as a result of further investment activity subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Expenses 

Operating expenses for the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022 was as follows: 

For the year ended December 31, 2023 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Management fees 
 1,508,828 
 922,475 
 
 Other operating expenses 
 2,054,919 
 1,427,775 
 
 Income taxes and penalties 
 548,796 
 - 
 
 Expenses reimbursed 
 (548,796 
 - 
 
 Total expenses 
 3,563,747 
 2,350,250 

46 

Capital Resources and Borrowings 

We anticipate further cash to be generated from
drawdowns in respect of capital committed by investors in Private Offerings, and cash flows from operations. Furthermore, we expect to
borrow funds to make additional investments. This is known as leverage and may cause us to be more volatile than if we had
not been leveraged. This is because leverage tends to exaggerate the effect of any increase or decrease in the value of our net assets.
Additionally, we will be permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior
to our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after each such issuance
(e.g., 150 asset coverage means that for every 100 of net assets, the Company may raise 200 from borrowing and issuing senior securities).
On August 14, 2019, the Company s initial shareholder approved the adoption of the 150 threshold pursuant to Section 61(a)(2) of
the 1940 Act and such election became effective the following day. Furthermore, while any indebtedness and senior securities remain outstanding,
we must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet
the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. In connection with borrowings, our lenders may require
us to pledge assets, investor commitments to fund capital calls and/or the proceeds of those capital calls, thereby allowing the lender
to call for capital contributions upon the occurrence of an event of default under such financing arrangement. In addition, the lenders
may ask us to comply with positive or negative covenants that could have an effect on our operations. 

The use of leverage also involves significant
risks. Certain trading practices and transactions, which may include, among others, reverse repurchase agreements and the use of when-issued,
delayed delivery or forward commitment transactions, may be considered to be borrowings or involve leverage and thus are also subject
to 1940 Act restrictions. In accordance with applicable SEC staff guidance and interpretations, when we engage in such transactions, instead
of maintaining asset coverage in the amounts set forth above, we may segregate or earmark liquid assets, or enter into an offsetting position,
in an amount at least equal to our exposure, on a mark-to-market basis, as calculated pursuant to requirements of the SEC. Short-term
credits necessary for the settlement of securities transactions and arrangements with respect to securities lending will not be considered
to be borrowings for these purposes. Practices and investments that may involve leverage but are not considered to be borrowings are not
subject to the asset coverage requirement, and we will not otherwise segregate or earmark liquid assets or enter in offsetting positions.
These investments may include certain investments or instruments that have embedded leverage, which may increase the risk of loss from
such investments, but are not considered to be borrowings. 

In connection with its use of leverage, the Company
intends to borrow money to purchase assets in order to comply with certain regulatory requirements for RICs, including diversification
requirements. Accordingly, the Company has entered into a committed facility agreement with BNP Paribas Prime Brokerage International,
Limited BNP (the Loan Agreement and has engaged in borrowings under the Loan Agreement for this purpose.
Although the Company expects to continue to be able to borrow under the Loan Agreement as needed for this purpose, we are subject to the
risk that BNP can terminate the Loan Agreement or that the amount available to be borrowed thereunder will be insufficient to allow us
to satisfy the applicable requirements. 

The amount of leverage that we employ will depend
on our Adviser s and our Board of Directors assessment of market conditions and other factors at the time of any proposed
borrowing, and there can be no assurance that we will use leverage or that our leveraging strategy will be successful during any period
in which it is employed. 

47 

Regulation as a Private Business Development
Company 

We have filed an election to be treated as a BDC
under the 1940 Act. As with other companies regulated by the 1940 Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements.
The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their affiliates (including any investment
advisers or sub-advisers), principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters and requires that a majority of the
directors be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. 

In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may
not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as a BDC unless approved by a majority of our
outstanding voting securities. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser
of: (i) 67 or more of the voting securities present at such meeting, if the holders of more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities
of such company are present or represented by proxy or (ii) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. 

Any issuance of preferred stock must comply with
the requirements of the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act requires, among other things, that (1) immediately after issuance and before any dividend
or other distribution is made with respect to our common stock and before any purchase of common stock is made, such preferred stock together
with all other senior securities must not exceed an amount equal to 50 of our total assets after deducting the amount of such dividend,
distribution or purchase price, as the case may be, and (2) the holder of shares of preferred stock, if any are issued, must be entitled
as a class to elect two directors at all times and to elect a majority of the directors if dividends on such preferred stock are in arrears
by two full years or more. 

Certain other matters under the 1940 Act require
a separate class vote of the holders of any issued and outstanding preferred stock. For example, holders of preferred stock would be entitled
to vote separately as a class from the holders of common stock on a proposal involving a plan of reorganization adversely affecting such
securities. 

We may invest up to 100 of our assets in securities
acquired directly from issuers in privately negotiated transactions. With respect to such securities, we may, for the purpose of public
resale, be deemed a principal underwriter as that term is defined under the Securities Act. We may purchase or otherwise
receive warrants which offer an opportunity (not a requirement) to purchase common stock of a portfolio company in connection with an
acquisition financing or other investments. Similarly, we may acquire rights that obligate an issuer of acquired securities or their affiliates
to repurchase the securities at certain times, under certain circumstances. 

We do not intend to acquire securities issued
by any investment company whereby our investment would exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Under those limits, we generally cannot
acquire more than (i) 3 of the total outstanding voting stock of any investment company, (ii) invest more than 5 of the value of our
total assets in the securities of one investment company, or (iii) invest more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities
of investment companies in general. These limitations do not apply where we (i) make investments through a subsidiary or (ii) acquire
interests in a money market fund as long as we do not pay a sales charge or service fee in connection with the purchase. Subject to certain
exemptive rules, including Rule 12d1-4, which was recently adopted by the SEC, the Company may, subject to certain conditions, invest
in other investment companies in excess of such thresholds. With respect to the portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued
by investment companies, it should be noted that such investments might subject our stockholders to additional expenses. 

None of our policies described above are fundamental
and each such policy may be changed without stockholder approval, subject to any limitations imposed by the 1940 Act. 

Private funds that are excluded from the definition
of investment company pursuant to either Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act are also subject to certain of the limits
under the 1940 Act noted above. Specifically, such private funds generally may not acquire directly or through a controlled entity more
than 3 of our total outstanding voting stock (measured at the time of the acquisition). As a result, such private funds would be required
to hold a smaller position in our stock than if they were not subject to this restriction. 

48 

Qualifying Assets 

Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any
asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, 
unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets (not including certain assets specified in the 1940 Act) represent at least
70 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our proposed business are the following: 

(1) 
 Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company (as defined below), or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding thirteen months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the SEC. 

(2) 
 Securities of any eligible portfolio company that we control. 

(3) 
 Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 

(4) 
 Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own at least 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

(5) 
 Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of options, warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

(6) 
 Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

An eligible portfolio company 
is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 

(a) 
 is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

(b) 
 is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 

(c) 
 satisfies any of the following: 

does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange but has an aggregate market value of outstanding common equity of less than 250 million; 

is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC, and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or 

is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2 million. 

49 

Hedging 

We may, but are not required to, enter into interest
rate, foreign exchange or other derivative agreements to hedge interest rate, currency, credit or other risks, but we do not generally
intend to enter into any such derivative agreements for speculative purposes. Any derivative agreements entered into for speculative purposes
are not expected to be material to the Company s business or results of operations. These hedging activities, which will be in compliance
with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, may include the use of futures, options and forward contracts. We will bear the costs
incurred in connection with entering into, administering and settling any such derivative contracts. There can be no assurance any hedging
strategy we employ will be successful. 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

We generate and expect to continue to generate
cash from (1) future offerings of our common or preferred stock, (2) cash flows from operations and (3) borrowings from banks or other
lenders. We have entered into the Loan Agreement with BNP, and we may seek to enter into any further bank debt, credit facility or other
financing arrangements on market terms; however, we cannot assure you we will be able to do so. The Company s primary uses of cash
will be for (i) investments in portfolio companies and other investments to comply with certain portfolio diversification requirements,
(ii) the cost of operations (including paying the Adviser), (iii) debt service of any borrowings and (iv) cash distributions to the holders
of our stock. 

Equity Activity. The Company has
the authority to issue 500,000 shares of common stock at a 0.001 per share par value. Additionally, the Company has the authority to
issue 15,000 shares of preferred stock at a 0.001 per share par value. 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company
had further common stock issuances, as detailed in the following table. These issuances of the shares of common stock were exempt from
the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and
Rule 506(b) of Regulation D thereof. 

Date 
 Shares issued and sold 
 Aggregate purchase price 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 39,316.9 
 42,000,000 
 
 June 26, 2023 
 12,927.1 
 14,000,000 
 
 August 22, 2023 
 19,535.9 
 21,000,000 

Contractual Obligations. We have
entered into certain contracts under which we have material future commitments. We have entered into the Investment Management Agreement
with the Adviser under which the Adviser will: determine the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our
portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; identify, evaluate and negotiate the structure of the investments we make (including
performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies); determine the assets we will originate, purchase, retain or sell; closely
monitor and administer the investments we make, including the exercise of any rights in our capacity as a lender; and provide us with
such other investment advice, research and related services as we may, from time to time, require. For these services, we will pay the
Adviser the Management Fees and Incentive Fees described under the heading Compensation of Adviser below. 

We have also entered into an administration servicing
agreement (the Administration Agreement with U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC, doing business as U.S. Bank Global Fund Services U.S. Bank or the Administrator ), pursuant to which the Administrator will provide the administrative and
recordkeeping purposes services necessary for us to operate. In addition, we have entered into a fund accounting servicing agreement with
U.S. Bank, pursuant to which U.S. Bank will provide accounting services with respect to the Company. 

50 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Valuation of Portfolio Securities 

In accordance with the procedures adopted by our
Board of Directors, the NAV per share of our outstanding shares of common stock is determined at least quarterly by dividing the value
of total assets minus liabilities by the total number of shares outstanding. 

As a BDC, we will generally invest in illiquid
securities including debt and equity investments of middle-market companies. 

We expect that there will not be readily available
market values for many of the investments which are or will be in our portfolio, and we will value such investments at fair value as determined
in good faith by the Adviser, under the oversight of the Board, under the Adviser s valuation policy and process described below.
The factors that may be taken into account in pricing our investments at fair value generally include, as appropriate, comparisons of
financial ratios of the portfolio companies that issued such private equity securities to peer companies that are public, the nature and
realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow,
the markets in which the portfolio company does business and other relevant factors. When an external event such as a purchase transaction,
public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, we consider the pricing indicated by the external event to corroborate or revise our
valuation. Under current auditing standards, the notes to our financial statements refer to the uncertainty with respect to the possible
effect of such valuations, and any change in such valuations, on our financial statements. 

With respect to investments for which market quotations
are not readily available, the Adviser fair values such investments pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act. Pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under
the 1940 Act, the Board has designated the Adviser to perform the fair valuation determinations, subject to Board oversight, pursuant
to valuation procedures approved by the Board of Directors which follow a multi-step valuation process each quarter (or more frequently,
as appropriate), as described below: 

(1) 
 Our valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the investment professionals of our Adviser responsible for the portfolio investment and the Portfolio Committee of the Adviser; 

(2) 
 Preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with the Company s senior management and that of our Adviser; 

(3) 
 At least once annually, the valuation for each portfolio investment will be reviewed by an independent valuation firm. 

(4) 
 In following these approaches, the types of factors that are taken into account in fair value pricing investments include, as relevant, but are not limited to: comparison to publicly-traded securities, including such factors as yield, maturity and measures of credit quality; the enterprise value of a portfolio company; the nature and realizable value of any collateral; the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earning and discounted cash flow; and the markets in which the portfolio company does business; 

(5) 
 The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors reviews the valuations of the Adviser on a quarterly basis; and 

(6) 
 Our Board of Directors oversees the Company s valuation process and in support of this oversight the Adviser provides periodic reports to the Board on valuation matters. 

Fair value, as defined under ASC 820, is the price
that we would receive upon selling an investment or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction to a market participant in the
principal or most advantageous market for the investment or liability. ASC 820 emphasizes that valuation techniques maximize the use of
observable market inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Inputs refer broadly to the assumptions that market participants
would use in pricing an asset or liability, including assumptions about risk. Inputs may be observable or unobservable. Observable inputs
reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent
of our Adviser. Unobservable inputs reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability based on the
best information available to us at the reporting period date. 

51 

Dividends 

We intend to pay quarterly distributions to our
stockholders out of assets legally available for distribution. All dividends and distributions will be subject to lawfully available funds
therefor, and no assurance can be given that we will be able to declare such an initial distribution or distributions in future periods.
On May 11, 2023, the Company declared a distribution of 18.11 per share, or 2,474,532, payable on May 19, 2023. On August 8, 2023, the
Company declared a distribution of 24.04 per share, or 3,595,568, payable on August 18, 2023. On November 7, 2023, the Company declared
a distribution of 23.41 per share, or 3,958,653, payable on November 17, 2023. On December 21, 2023, the Company declared a distribution
of 30.93 per share, or 5,230,293, payable on December 28, 2023. 

We have elected to be a BDC under the Investment
Company Act. We also have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually, to be subject to tax as a RIC under Subchapter M of the
Code. To obtain and maintain our ability to be subject to tax as a RIC, we must, among other things, timely distribute to our stockholders
at least 90 of our investment company taxable income for each taxable year. We intend to timely distribute to our stockholders substantially
all of our annual taxable income for each taxable year, except that we may retain certain net capital gains (i.e., realized net long-term
capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) for reinvestment and, depending upon the level of taxable income earned
in a taxable year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income for distribution in the following taxable year and pay any applicable
U.S. federal excise tax. We generally will be required to pay such U.S. federal excise tax if our distributions in respect of a calendar
year do not exceed the sum of (1) 98 of our net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar
year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gains in excess of capital losses (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for the one-year period ending
on October 31 of the calendar year and (3) any net ordinary income and capital gains in excess of capital losses for preceding calendar
years that were not distributed during such calendar years and on which we did not pay any U.S. federal income tax. If we retain net capital
gains, we may treat such amounts as deemed distributions to our stockholders. In that case, you will be treated as if you had received
an actual distribution of the capital gains we retained and then you reinvested the net after-tax proceeds in our common stock. In general,
you also will be eligible to claim a tax credit (or, in certain circumstances, obtain a tax refund) equal to your allocable share of the
tax we paid on the capital gains deemed distributed to you. The distributions we pay to our stockholders in a taxable year may exceed
our taxable income for that taxable year and, accordingly, a portion of such distributions may constitute a return of capital for U.S.
federal income tax purposes. The specific tax characteristics of our distributions will be reported to stockholders after the end of the
calendar year. 

Security Transactions, Realized/Unrealized
Gains or Losses and Appreciation or Depreciation, and Income Recognition. 

Security transactions are recorded on a trade-date
basis. We measure realized gains or losses from the repayment or sale of investments using the specific identification method. The amortized
cost basis of investments represents the original cost adjusted for the accretion/amortization of discounts and premiums and upfront loan
origination fees. We report changes in fair value of investments that are measured at fair value as a component of net change in unrealized
appreciation (depreciation) on investments in the statement of operations. 

Compensation of Adviser 

Management Fee. Pursuant to the Investment
Management Agreement, our Adviser will accrue, on a quarterly basis in arrears, a management fee (the Management Fee equal
to 0.25 (i.e., 1.00 annually) of the average of the Company s NAV (excluding uninvested cash and cash equivalents, which are defined
for these purposes as money market funds, U.S. government securities and investment grade debt instruments maturing within one year of
purchase of such instrument by the Company) at the end of the then-current calendar quarter and the Company s NAV at the end of
the prior calendar quarter. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company incurred Management Fees of 1,508,828 and 922,475,
respectively, and did not incur incentive fees. 

52 

Incentive Fee. Pursuant to the Investment
Management Agreement, we will pay an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee to the Adviser. The Incentive Fee will not be released
to the Adviser until the liquidation of the Company s portfolio. The Incentive Fee will accrue as a liability on the Company s
statement of assets and liabilities throughout the life of the Company, and the Company may set aside assets in anticipation of paying
it. However, the Company does not intend to actually pay out the Incentive Fee to the Adviser until the end of the life of the Company. 

In order to determine the size of the Incentive
Fee, the Company will refer to the incentive fee calculation methodology described below (the Incentive Fee Calculation Methodology ). 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Incentive Fee
Calculation Methodology is not intended to describe the Company s actual operations with respect to the making of distributions and
the Incentive Fee Calculation Methodology does not limit the Company s ability to make distributions to stockholders over the life
of the Company (other than the Company s actual payment of the Incentive Fee upon liquidation of the Company). Rather, the Incentive
Fee Calculation Methodology is a tool whose sole purpose is to calculate the size of the Incentive Fee. 

To calculate the size of the Incentive Fee, the
Company will refer to (1) the amounts and timing of stockholders contributions to the Company, and (2) the amounts and timing of
the Company s distributions, and will analyze those contributions and distributions under the Incentive Fee Calculation Methodology.
The Incentive Fee will equal the total amount of distributions that would be made to the Adviser under paragraphs (c) and (d) of the Incentive
Fee Calculation Methodology. 

The Incentive Fee Calculation Methodology is: 

(a) 
 First, the Company will make distributions to its stockholders until stockholders have received 100 of Contributed Capital (as defined below). 

(b) 
 Second, the Company will make distributions to its stockholders until stockholders have received a 7 return per annum, compounded annually, on their capital contributions, from the date each capital contribution is made through the date such capital has been returned. 

(c) 
 Third, the Company will make distributions to the Adviser under this paragraph (c) until it has received 12.5 of the total amount distributed by the Company under paragraph (b) and this paragraph (c). 

(d) 
 Thereafter, any additional amounts that the Company distributes will be paid 87.5 to stockholders and 12.5 to the Adviser. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
in no event will an amount be paid with respect to the Incentive Fee to the extent it would exceed the limitations set forth in Section
205(b)(3) of the Advisers Act. As of December 31, 2023, no incentive fee has been accrued or is payable. 

Contributed Capital is the aggregate
amount of capital contributions that have been made by all stockholders in respect of their shares of common stock to the Company. All
distributions (or deemed distributions), including investment income (i.e. proceeds received in respect of interest payments, dividends
and fees) and proceeds attributable to the repayment or disposition of any investment, to stockholders will be considered a return of
Contributed Capital. Unreturned Contributed Capital equals aggregate Contributed Capital minus cumulative distributions but is never less
than zero. 

The term distribution includes all
distributions of the Company s assets including in respect of proceeds from the full or partial realization of the Company s
investments and income from investing activities and may include amounts treated as return of capital, ordinary income and capital gains
for accounting, tax and/or other purposes. 

53 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

We are subject to financial market risks, including
changes in interest rates. We invest primarily in illiquid debt and equity securities of private companies. Most of our investments will
not have a readily available market price, and we will value these investments at fair value as determined in good faith by the Adviser,
overseen by the Board, in accordance with our valuation policy. There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith.
As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each portfolio investment
while employing a consistently applied valuation process for the types of investments we make. 

In addition, any investments we make that are
denominated in a foreign currency will be subject to risks associated with changes in currency exchange rates. These risks include the
possibility of significant fluctuations in the foreign currency markets, the imposition or modification of foreign exchange controls and
potential illiquidity in the secondary market. These risks will vary depending upon the currency or currencies involved. 

Interest Rate Risk 

Based on our Statement of Assets and Liabilities
as of December 31, 2023, the following table shows the annualized impact on net investment income of hypothetical base rate changes in
interest rates (considering interest rate floors and ceilings for floating rate instruments assuming no changes in our investment and
borrowing structure) in thousands. 

Basis Point Change 
 Interest Income 
 Interest Expense 
 Net Income 
 
 -25 Basis points 
 (328.00 
 (73.00 
 (255.00 
 
 Base Interest Rate 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 +100 Basis Points 
 1,330 
 293 
 1,037 
 
 +200 Basis Points 
 2,724 
 585 
 2,139 
 
 +300 Basis Points 
 4,170 
 878 
 3,292 

This
analysis is indicative of the potential impact on our investment income as of December 31, 2023, assuming an immediate and sustained
change in interest rates as noted. In addition, this analysis does not adjust for potential changes in our portfolio or our borrowing
facilities after December 31, 2023 nor does it take into account any changes in the credit performance of our loans that might occur
should interest rates change. 

54 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Index to Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
 F-6 
 
 Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Deloitte Touche LLP 30 Rockefeller Plaza 
 New York, NY 10112-0015 
 USA 
 Tel: +1 212 492 4000 
 Fax: +1 212 489 1687 
www.deloitte.com 

To the shareholders and Board of Directors of
Muzinich BDC, Inc.: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements and Financial Highlights 

We have audited the accompanying statements of
assets and liabilities of Muzinich BDC, Inc. (the Company ), including the schedules of investments as of December 31, 2023
and 2022, the related statements of operations, cash flows, and changes in net assets for each of the two years in the period then ended,
the financial highlights for each of the five years in the period then ended, and the related notes. In our opinion, the financial statements
and financial highlights present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022,
and the results of its operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period then ended, and the financial
highlights for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, 2021, and 2020, and the period from August 7, 2019 (commencement of operations)
through December 31, 2019 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements and financial highlights
are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements
and financial highlights based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements and financial highlights are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain
an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements and financial highlights, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements and financial highlights. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements and financial highlights. Our
procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, by correspondence with the custodian, loan agents,
and borrowers. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche, LLP 

New York, New York 

March 29, 2024 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

F- 2 

Muzinich BDC, Inc. 
 
 Statements of Assets and Liabilities 

As of 
December 31, 
2023 
 As of 
December 31, 
2022 
 
 Assets: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 

Affiliated investments, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 
 -

Cash and cash equivalents 

Receivables: 

Interest and other 

Total Assets 

Liabilities: 

Credit facility (Note 9) 

Management fees payable 

Distributions payable 
 -

Professional fees payable 

Income taxes and penalties 
 
 -

Accrued other general and administrative expenses 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) 
 -
 
 -

Net Assets: 

Preferred Shares, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

Common Shares, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023; and shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Additional paid-in capital 

Total distributable (accumulated) earnings (losses) 

Total Net Assets 

Total Liabilities and Net Assets 

Net Asset Value Per Share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

Muzinich BDC, Inc. 
 
 Statements of Operations 

For the 
 year ended 
 December 31, 
2023 
 For the 
 year ended 
 December 31, 
2022 
 
 Investment Income 

Investment income from non-controlled/non-affiliated investments and cash equivalents: 

Interest income 

Commitment fees 
 -

Total investment income from non-controlled/non-affiliated investments and cash equivalents: 

Investment income from affiliated investments and cash equivalents: 

Interest income 
 
 -

Total investment income from affiliated investments and cash equivalents: 
 
 -

Total Investment Income 

Expenses: 

Management fees 

Professional fees 

Directors fees and expenses 

Interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Other general and administrative expenses 

Income taxes and penalties 
 
 - 
 
 Expenses reimbursed by Adviser 
 
 -

Total Expenses 

Net Investment Income 

Net Realized gains/(losses) and unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 

Net realized gains (losses): 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 
 -

Total net realized gains/(losses) 
 -

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation): 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

Affiliated investments 
 
 -

Total net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

Total net realized gains/(losses) and unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

Basic and diluted net investment income (loss) per common share

Basic and diluted net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per common share

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Basic and Diluted (See Note 10)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

Muzinich BDC, Inc. 
 
 Statements of Changes in Net Assets 

For the 
year ended 
 December 31, 
2023 
 For the 
year ended 
 December 31, 
2022 
 
 Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations: 

Net investment income 

Total net realized gains/(losses) 
 -

Total net change in unrealized depreciation 

Net Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

Decrease in Net Assets Resulting from Stockholder Distributions 

Dividends and distributions to stockholders 

Net Decrease in Net Assets Resulting from Stockholder Distributions 

Increase in Net Assets Resulting from
 Capital Share Transactions 

Issuance of common shares 

Net Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Capital Share Transactions 

Total Increase in Net Assets 

Net Assets, Beginning of Year 

Net Assets, End of Year 

Net asset value per share 

Common shares outstanding at the end of the Year 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

Muzinich BDC, Inc. 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 

For the 
year ended 
 December 31, 
2023 
 For the 
 year ended 
 December 31, 
2022 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash
 provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Net change in unrealized (appreciation)/depreciation on investments 

Net realized (gains)/losses on investments 
 -

Net accretion of discount and amortization of premium on investments 

Purchases and drawdowns of investments 

Sales and maturities of and principal paydowns on investments 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Interest and other 

Receivables from sales of investments 
 -

Management fees payable 

Professional fees payable 

Income taxes and penalties 
 
 -

Accrued other general and administrative expenses 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Borrowings on credit facility 

Payments on credit facility 

Distributions paid in cash 

Proceeds from issuance of common shares 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental and Non-Cash Information 

Cash paid during the year for interest 

Income taxes paid 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

Muzinich BDC, Inc. 

Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2023 

Portfolio
 Company 
 
 Industry 

Spread
 Above Index 

Floor 

Interest
 Rate/Discount Rate 

Paid
 in Kind Interest Rate 

Acquisition
 
 Date 
 
 Maturity/ 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Principal / Units 

Cost (1) 

Fair Value (2) 

Percentage of 
Net Assets 

Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliated
 Investments 

Senior
 Secured Loan Debt Investments 

3RC
 Blue Chip Group Holdings 2nd Lien Term Loan (3,4) 
 Packaged
 Foods Meats 

3RC
 Blue Chip Group Holdings 2nd Lien Term Loan (3,4) 
 Packaged
 Foods Meats 
 - 
 - 

AGS
 Automotive Solutions 2nd Lien Term Loan (3,4,5) 
 Automotive 
 - 
 - 
 
 N/A 

MP
 Consolidation, LLC Senior Subordinate Term Loan 
 Health
 Care Equipment Supplies 
 - 
 - 
 
 N/A 

Aqua
 Leisure Recreational Term Loan B (3,4) 
 Leisure
 Products 

N/A 
 1/8/2021,
 12/2/2021, 3/31/2022 8 

TEAM
 NexBelt Investors, LLC Term Loan 
 Apparel,
 Accessories Luxury Goods 

N/A 

Quest
 Bidco LLC Term Loan 
 Leisure
 Facilities 

N/A 

Macrosoft,
 Inc. Term Loan 
 IT
 Consulting 

N/A 

Sayres
 and Associates (Vikings35) 2nd Lien Term Loan A (3,4) 
 Diversified
 Support Services 

N/A 

AGS
 Automotive Solutions Delayed Draw Term Loan (3,4,5) 
 Automotive 
 - 
 - 

Sayres
 and Associates (Vikings35) 2nd Lien Term Loan B (3,4) 
 Diversified
 Support Services 

N/A 

Montbleau
 Holdings, LLC Term Loan B 
 Commercial
 Building Products 

N/A 

Montbleau
 Holdings Term Loan C 
 Commercial
 Building Products 

N/A 

Total
 Senior Secured Loan Debt Investments 

Equity
 Investments - Common Stock 

3RC
 Blue Chip Group Holdings Invesco LLC 
 Packaged
 Foods Meats 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

AGS
 Automotive Solutions Holdings - C/S A-1 
 Automotive 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

AGS
 Automotive Solutions Holdings - C/S A-2 
 Automotive 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Macrosoft,
 Inc. 
 IT
 Consulting 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Montbleau
 Holdings, LLC 
 Commercial
 Building Products 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

QUEST
 JVCO LIMITED - Class A 
 Leisure
 Facilities 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

QUEST
 JVCO LIMITED - Loan Notes 
 Leisure
 Facilities 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

TEAM
 NexBelt Investors, LLC Term Loan 
 Apparel,
 Accessories Luxury Goods 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Total
 Common Stock 

Equity
 Investments - Preferred Stock 

3RC
 Blue Chip Group Holdings Invesco LLC 
 Packaged
 Foods Meats 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

MPC
 Consolidation Preferred Stock - Class A 
 Health
 Care Equipment Supplies 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Ocular
 Partners HoldCo, LLC 
 Health
 Care Technology 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 - 

Recreational
 Products Preferred Stock 
 Leisure
 Products 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 1/8/2021,
 12/2/2021 9 
 N/A 

Vikings35
 Preferred Stock - Class A 
 Diversified
 Support Services 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 6/10/2021,
 6/12/2023 
 N/A 

Total
 Preferred Stock 

Total
 Equity Investments 

Short-Term
 Investments 

United
 States Treasury Bill (6,7) 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 11/22/2023,
 11/28/2023, 12/11/2023, 12/14/2024, 12/21/2023, 12/26/2023, 12/29/2023 

United
 States Treasury Bill (6,7) 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Total
 Short-Term Investments 

Total
 Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliated Investments 

Affiliated
 Investments (9) 

Senior
 Secured Loan Debt Investments 

Midwest
 Trading Group Acquisition, LLC Term Loan 
 Computer
 Electronics Retail 

N/A 

Diamond
 Blade Warehouse Term Loan 
 Industrial
 Machinery 
 - 
 - 

Total
 Senior Secured Loan Debt Investments 

Equity
 Investments - Common Stock 

Midwest
 Trading Group Acquisition, LLC Class A-1 
 Computer
 Electronics Retail 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Midwest
 Trading Group Acquisition, LLC Class C 
 Computer
 Electronics Retail 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Equity
 Investments - Preferred Stock 

Diamond
 Blade Warehouse Preferred Stock - Class A 
 Industrial
 Machinery 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Total
 Equity Investments 

Total
 Affiliated Investments 

# 

Total
 Investments 

Liabilities
 in Excess of Other Assets 

Net
 assets 

LIBOR - London Interbank Offered Rate 

SOFR - Secured Overnight Interest Rate. 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

(8) 

(9) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

F- 7 

Muzinich BDC, Inc. 

Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2022 

Portfolio
 Company 
 Industry 
 Spread
 Above Index 
 LIBOR
 Floor 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Acquisition 
 Date 
 Maturity/ 
 Expiration Date 
 Principal
 / Units 
 Cost
 (1) 
 Fair 
 Value (2) 
 Percentage 
 of Net 
 Assets 
 
 Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliated
 Investments 

Senior
 Secured Loan Debt Investments 

3RC
 Blue Chip Group Holdings 2nd Lien Term Loan (3,4) 
 Packaged
 Foods Meats 

AGS
 Automotive Solutions 2nd Lien Term Loan (3,4,5) 
 Automotive 
 - 
 - 

MP
 Consolidation, LLC Senior Subordinate Term Loan 
 Health
 Care Equipment Supplies 
 - 
 - 

Recreational
 Products Term Loan B-1 (3,4) 
 Leisure
 Products 

1/8/2021,
 12/2/2021 8 

TEAM
 NexBelt Investors, LLC Term Loan 
 Apparel,
 Accessories Luxury Goods 

NGT
 Acquisition Holdings Term Loan 
 Industrial
 Machinery 

QUEST
 JVCO LIMITED 
 Leisure
 Facilities 

Sayres
 and Associates (Vikings35) 2nd Lien Term Loan (3,4) 
 Diversified
 Support Services 

AGS
 Automotive Solutions Delayed Draw Term Loan (3,4,5) 
 Automotive 
 - 
 - 

Sayres
 and Associates (Vikings35) 2nd Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan (3,4,5) 
 Diversified
 Support Services 

- 
 - 

Total
 Senior Secured Loan Debt Investments 

Equity
 Investments - Common Stock 

3RC
 Blue Chip Group Holdings Invesco LLC 
 Packaged
 Foods Meats 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

AGS
 Automotive Solutions Holdings - C/S A 
 Automotive 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

QUEST
 JVCO LIMITED - Class A 
 Leisure
 Facilities 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

QUEST
 JVCO LIMITED - Loan Notes 
 Leisure
 Facilities 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

TEAM
 NexBelt Investors, LLC Term Loan 
 Apparel,
 Accessories Luxury Goods 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Equity
 Investments - Preferred Stock 

MPC
 Consolidation Preferred Stock - Class A 
 Health
 Care Equipment Supplies 
 N/A 
 N/A 

N/A 

Ocular
 Partners HoldCo, LLC 
 Health
 Care Technology 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

- 

Recreational
 Products Preferred Stock 
 Leisure
 Products 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 1/8/2021 , 12/2/2021 8 
 N/A 

Vikings35
 Preferred Stock - Class A 
 Diversified
 Support Services 
 N/A 
 N/A 

N/A 

Total
 Equity Investments 

Warrants 

Wireless
 Telecom Group, Inc. Warrants 
 Electronic
 Equipment Instruments 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Total
 Warrants 

Short-Term
 Investments 

United
 States Treasury Bill (6,7) 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 11/9/2022,
 11/23/2022, 12/5/2022, 12/8/2022 

Total
 Short-Term Investments 

Total
 Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliated Investments 

Liabilities
 in Excess of Other Assets 

Net
 assets 

LIBOR - London Interbank Offered Rate 

(1) 

(2) Unless otherwise noted, significant unobservable inputs were
used to determine fair value, and investments are considered Level 3 securities (Note 7). 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) Please see Note 5 for details on unfunded commitments. 

(6) These positions were held as collateral as part of a credit
facility agreement. Please see Note 9 for further details. 

(7) Represents securities categorized as Level 2 assets under the
definition of ASC 820 fair value hierarchy (Note 7). 

(8) Initial investment in Recreational Products on January 8, 2021. On
December 2, 2021, additional Term Loan B financing completed to support an acquisition and refinanced the initial debt investment. As
part of the new loan financing, the Company increased its investment in Preferred Stock. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

F- 8 

Muzinich BDC, Inc. 

Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 9 

F- 10 

F- 11 

F- 12 

of its investment company taxable income 
for that year, which is generally its ordinary income plus the excess of its realized net short-term capital gains over its realized net
long-term capital losses. 

In order for the Company not to be
subject to U.S. federal excise taxes, it must distribute annually an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) of its net ordinary
income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (ii) of its capital gains in excess of capital
losses for the calendar year and (iii) any net ordinary income and capital gains in excess of capital losses for preceding years that
were not distributed during such years. The Company, at its discretion, may carry forward taxable income in excess of calendar year dividends
and pay a nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on this income. 

The Company evaluates tax positions
taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing its financial statements to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not 
to be sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are
reserved and recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current year. All penalties and interest associated with income taxes are included
in income tax expense. 

F- 13 

of its annual gross income from qualifying
income. As a result, the Company paid tax expenses on the income generated from the Company s ownership percentage in the
assets from which the nonqualifying income was derived during the tax year ended December 31, 2022 in the amount of , which included
 in penalties (the Section 851(i) Tax Liability ). This tax expense and penalties are included within Income taxes and
penalties within the Statement of Operations. The Adviser reimbursed the Company in full for payment of the Section 851(i) Tax Liability.
In December 2023, the Company established a wholly-owned subsidiary named Muzinich BDC Holdings, LLC Subsidiary which
serves to hold equity or equity-like investments in partnerships. The Subsidiary had not yet commenced operations as of December 31, 2023.
Going forward, all intercompany balances will be eliminated in consolidation, and the Company will consolidate the Subsidiary for accounting
purposes but the Subsidiary will not be consolidated for U.S. federal income tax purposes and may incur U.S. federal income tax expense
as a result. The Company does not consider the Section 851(i) Tax Liability due on the income generated from the Company s ownership
percentage in assets from which the nonqualifying income was derived during the tax year ended December 31, 2022 to be an uncertain tax
position. Conclusions regarding tax positions are subject to review and may be adjusted at a later date based on factors including, but
not limited to, on-going analyses of tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. 

Although
the Company files federal and state tax returns, its major tax jurisdiction is federal. The Company s federal tax years 2020, 2021,
and 2022 remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and the State of Delaware. 

Distributions and Components of
Net Assets on a Tax Basis 

On March 28, 2022, the Company declared
a distribution of per share, or , payable on April 4, 2022. On May 10, 2022, the Company declared a distribution of 
per share, or , payable on May 17, 2022. On August 9, 2022, the Company declared a distribution of per share, or ,
payable on August 18, 2022. On November 8, 2022, the Company declared a distribution of per share, or , payable on November
18, 2022. On December 28, 2022, the Company declared a distribution of per share, or , payable on January 6, 2023. 

On
May 11, 2023, the Company declared a distribution of per share, or , payable on May 19, 2023. On August 8, 2023, the
Company declared a distribution of per share, or , payable on August 18, 2023. On November 7, 2023, the Company declared
a distribution of per share, or , payable on November 17, 2023. On December 21, 2023, the Company declared a distribution
of per share, or , payable on December 28, 2023. 

Long Term Capital Gains (1) 
 -

Total Distributions Paid 

Long Term Capital Gains (1) 

Total Distributions Paid 

F- 14 

Total Undistributed Earnings 

Capital Loss Carryforward 

Perpetual Long-Term 

Perpetual Short-Term 

Timing Differences (Organizational Costs/Other) 

Unrealized Earnings (Losses) net 

Total Accumulated Earnings (Losses) net 

and , respectively. 

Gross unrealized appreciation on investments 

Gross unrealized depreciation on investments 

Total investments at fair value 

The difference between GAAP-basis and
tax basis unrealized gains (losses) is attributable primarily to differences in the tax treatment of partnership investments. 

The difference between the Company s
U.S. GAAP basis total distributable earnings and its tax basis total distributable earnings as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, was primarily
due to a reclassification of a non-deductible excise tax to additional paid in capital. 

Total distributable earnings 

Total distributable earnings 

F- 15 

(i.e., annually) of the average of the Company s net asset value NAV (excluding uninvested cash and
cash equivalents, which are defined for these purposes as money market funds, U.S. government securities and investment grade debt instruments
maturing within one year of purchase of such instrument by the Company) at the end of the then current calendar quarter and the Company s
NAV at the end of the prior calendar quarter (excluding uninvested cash and cash equivalents). For the years ended December 31, 2023 and
2022, the Company incurred Management Fees of and , respectively. 

Incentive Fee 

Pursuant to the Investment Management
Agreement, the Company pays an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee to the Adviser. The Incentive Fee will not be released
to the Adviser until the liquidation of the Company s portfolio. However, the Incentive Fee will accrue throughout the Company s
life; and the Company may set aside assets in anticipation of paying it. However, the Company does not intend to actually pay out the
Incentive Fee to the Adviser until the end of the life of the Company. 

In order to determine the size of the
Incentive Fee, the Company will refer to the incentive fee calculation methodology described below (the Incentive Fee Calculation
Methodology ). 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Incentive
Fee Calculation Methodology is not intended to describe the Company s actual operations with respect to the making of distributions and
the Incentive Fee Calculation Methodology does not limit the Company s ability to make distributions to stockholders over the life
of the Company (other than the Company s actual payment of the Incentive Fee upon liquidation of the Company). Rather, the Incentive
Fee Calculation Methodology is a tool whose sole purpose is to calculate the size of the Incentive Fee. 

To calculate the size of the Incentive
Fee, the Company will refer to (1) the amounts and timing of stockholders contributions to the Company, and (2) the amounts and
timing of the Company s distributions, and will analyze those contributions and distributions under the Incentive Fee Calculation
Methodology. The Incentive Fee will equal the total amount of distributions that would be made to the Adviser under paragraphs (c) and
(d) of the Incentive Fee Calculation Methodology. 

F- 16 

F- 17 

and ,
respectively, and are disclosed within Professional fees payable, and Accrued other general and administrative expenses on the Statement
of Assets and Liabilities. As of December 31, 2023 the total amount receivable from Muzinich for taxes reimbursed was and is
disclosed within the interest and other receivables on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. 

Shares held by Affiliated Accounts 

As of December 31, 2023, certain entities
affiliated with the Adviser held shares of the Company. Muzinich U.S. Private Debt SCSp held shares of the Company, approximately
 of outstanding shares of the Company, and Muzinich held shares of the Company, approximately of outstanding shares
of the Company. 

Investments in Affiliates 

or more of whose outstanding voting securities are held by the Company. For the year ended December 31, 2023,
the Company had the following transactions with affiliated companies: 

-

-

Diamond Blade Warehouse Term Loan 
 
 -

-

-

Total 

-

-

-
 
 -
 
 -

-

Total 

-

-

-

-
 
 -
 
 -

-

Total 

-

-

F- 18 

AGS Automotive Solutions LLC 

Total unfunded commitments 

Equity Investments Common Stock 

Equity Investments Preferred Stock 

Warrants 
 -
 
 -

Short-Term Investments 

Total Investments 

F- 19 

of the investments held as of
December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 were within the United States. The industry composition of investments based on fair value, as
a percentage of net assets, as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 was as follows (the following table does not include short-term
investments): 

Packaged Foods Meats 

Automotive 

Computer Electronics Retail 

Commercial Building Products 

IT Consulting 

Industrial Machinery 

Leisure Products 

Leisure Facilities 

Apparel, Accessories Luxury Goods 

Health Care Equipment Supplies 

Health Care Technology 

Electronic Equipment Instruments 

Total 

F- 20 

Equity Investments Common Stock 
 -
 
 -

Equity Investments Preferred Stock 
 -
 
 -

Short-Term Investments 
 -

-

Total 
 -

Equity Investments Common Stock 
 -
 
 -

Equity Investments Preferred Stock 
 -
 
 -

Warrants 
 -
 
 -

Short-Term Investments 
 -

-

Total 
 -

F- 21 

Purchases of investments 

Proceeds from principal pre-payments and sales of investments 

Net Realized gain (loss) 
 -

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

Net accretion of discount on investments 

Transfers into (out of) Level 3 
 -
 
 -

Fair value, end of year 

Purchases of investments 

Proceeds from principal pre-payments and sales of investments 
 -
 
 -

Net Realized gain (loss) 
 -
 
 -

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

Net accretion of discount on investments 
 -

Transfers into (out of) Level 3 
 -
 
 -

Fair value, end of year 

Purchases of investments 

Proceeds from principal pre-payments and sales of investments 
 -

Net Realized gain (loss) 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

Net accretion of discount on investments 
 -

Transfers into (out of) Level 3 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Fair value, end of year 

Purchases of investments 
 - 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from principal pre-payments and sales of investments 
 
 - 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

Net accretion of discount on investments 
 
 - 
 
 Transfers into (out of) Level 3 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fair value, end of year 
 - 

F- 22 

Equity Investments - Common Stock 

Equity Investments - Preferred Stock 

Warrants 

Total 

The following tables present quantitative
information about the significant unobservable inputs of the Company s Level 3 investments as of December 31, 2023 and December
31, 2022. 

- 

Equity Investments - Common Stock 

x - x 
 x 
 
 Equity Investments - Preferred Stock 

N/A 
 N/A
 
 N/A

Equity Investments - Preferred Stock 

N/A 
 N/A
 
 N/A

Equity Investments - Preferred Stock 

x - x 
 x 

Total 

- 

Equity Investments Common Stock 

N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Equity Investments Common Stock 

x x 
 x 
 
 Equity Investments Preferred Stock 

N/A 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Equity Investments Preferred Stock 

x x 
 x 
 
 Warrants 

N/A 

Total 

2) 

F- 23 

June 26, 2023 

August 22, 2023 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had the
following common stock issuances. 

Distributions 

August 8, 2023 

November 7, 2023 

December 21, 2023 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company declared
the following distributions. 

May 10, 2022 

August 9, 2022 

November 8, 2022 

December 28, 2022 

F- 24 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company s asset coverage ratio was and , respectively. 

On
December 14, 2020, the Company entered into a committed facility agreement with BNP Paribas Prime Brokerage International, Limited BNP (the Loan Agreement ). The maximum financing available under the Loan Agreement from time to time is (the Maximum
Commitment Financing ). Amounts borrowed under the Loan Agreement may be used to acquire portfolio investments, subject to the
collateral posting and other requirements under the Loan Agreement. 
BNP has the right to modify these interest rates upon days prior notice. Effective February 24, 2021, the Loan Agreement was
amended to state that the cash financing made available by BNP would be in an amount up to an amount notified by the Company to BNP in
writing from time to time (the Approved Commitment Financing ), not to exceed the Maximum Commitment Financing. As of the
effective date of the amendment, the Approved Commitment Financing was set at . Effective March 11, 2021, the Loan Agreement was amended
to provide that the Approved Commitment Financing would be set at . Effective May 3, 2021, the Loan Agreement was amended
to provide that the Approved Commitment Financing would be set at . Effective September 1, 2021, the Loan Agreement was amended to
provide that the Approved Commitment Financing would be set at . Effective August 17, 2021, the Loan Agreement was amended
to provide that the Approved Commitment Financing would be set at . Effective August 31, 2021, the Loan Agreement was amended to provide
that the Approved Commitment Financing would be set at . Effective November 2, 2021, the Loan Agreement was amended to provide
that the Approved Commitment Financing would be set at . Effective December 2, 2021, the Loan Agreement was amended to provide that
the Approved Commitment Financing would be set at . Effective February 15, 2022, the Loan Agreement was amended to provide
that the Approved Commitment Financing would be set at . Effective March 4, 2022, the Loan Agreement was amended to provide that the
Approved Commitment Financing would be set at . Effective May 10, 2022, the Loan Agreement was amended to provide that the
Approved Commitment Financing would be set at . Effective May 23, 2022, the Loan Agreement was amended to provide that the Approved
Commitment Financing would be set at . Effective August 5, 2022, the Loan Agreement was amended to provide that the Approved
Commitment Financing would be set at . Effective August 31, 2022, the Loan Agreement was amended to provide that the Approved Commitment
Financing would be set at . Effective November 3, 2022, the Loan Agreement was amended to provide that the Approved Commitment
Financing would be such amount as notified by the Company to BNP from time to time via electronic mail, which amount will become effective
as of the first business day immediately following express confirmation thereof by BNP, except to the extent expressly indicated in such
confirmation to take effect on the same business day. Effective November 29, 2022, the Approved Commitment Financing was set at .
Effective January 23, 2023, the Approved Commitment Financing was set at . Effective March 10, 2023, the Approved Commitment Financing
was set at . Effective April 12, 2023, the Approved Commitment Financing was set at . Effective May 25, 2023, the Approved
Commitment Financing was set at . Effective August 2, 2023, the Approved Commitment Financing was set at . Effective September
14, 2023, the Approved Commitment Financing was set at . Effective October 6, 2023, the Approved Commitment Financing was
set at . Effective December 6, 2023, the Approved Commitment Financing was set at . Effective December 22, 2023, the Approved
Commitment Financing was set at . 

BNP may terminate the loan agreement
and/or require amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement to be repaid on at least 29 days prior notice. Furthermore, amounts
outstanding under the Loan Agreement can be declared due and payable upon certain defaults and termination events specified thereunder. 

Average balance during the period when in use 

Average interest rate during the period when in use 

Interest expenses incurred during the period 

Financing expenses incurred during the period 
 -
 
 -

As of December 31, 2023 and December
31, 2022, the carrying amount of the Company s borrowings under the Loan Agreement approximated their fair value (which would be
classified as Level 2 in the ASC 820 hierarchy). The outstanding balances in the above table were the Company s amortized cost which
approximated fair value. As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and other requirements. 

F- 25 

Weighted average common shares of common stock outstanding basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per common share

Results of Operations: 

Net Investment Income (Loss) (2) 

Net Realized Gains/(Losses) and Unrealized Appreciation/(Depreciation) 

- 
 
 Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

Distributions to Common Stockholders 

Distributions from Net Investment Income 

- 
 
 Net Decrease in Net Assets Resulting from Distributions 

- 

Capital Share Transactions 

Issuance of Common Stock (3) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net Increase (Decrease) Resulting from Capital Share Transactions 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net Asset Value, End of Period 

Shares Outstanding, End of Period 

Ratio/Supplemental Data 

Net assets, end of period 

Weighted-average shares outstanding (4) 

Total Return (5) 

(6) 
 
 Portfolio turnover 

(7) 
 
 Ratio of total expenses to average net assets without reimbursement 

(7) 
 
 Ratio of total expenses to average net assets with reimbursement 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A (7) 
 
 Ratio of net investment income (loss) to average net assets without reimbursement 

(7) 
 
 Ratio of net investment income (loss) to average net assets with reimbursement 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Asset coverage ratio without reimbursement 

N/A 
 
 Asset coverage ratio with reimbursement 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

F- 26 

of Organizational Expenses, which were
deemed to be non-recurring. 

. 

On January 31, 2024, the Company s
 loan investment in MP Acquisition, LLC was fully redeemed at par plus accrued interest for total proceeds of . 

On March 4, 2024, the Company s
 term loan B in Sayres was redeemed as part of a capital raise to close an acquisition. The Company lent of additional
term loan A and purchased of additional preferred units in Sayres and Associates/Joint Research and Development (Viking35, LLC)
to support the capital raise. 

Effective March 5, 2024, the Approved
Commitment Financing was set at . 

Subsequent to December 31, 2023, the
Company received information regarding its investment in Aqua Leisure Recreational Term Loan B and Recreational Products Preferred Stock
Class A that the first lien lenders stopped negotiating the terms of an expected amendment, which would have amended the terms of the
first lien and second lien credit facilities in exchange for the equity investors to contribute additional capital support. The ultimate
impact of the action taken by the first lien lenders on Aqua Leisure Recreational/Recreational Products as of the filing date on this
investment s valuation cannot be estimated as of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K. The action taken by the first lien
lender will likely have a material impact on our Aqua Leisure Recreational/Recreational Products loan and equity valuation for the 1st
quarter of 2024. 

F- 27 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

There are not and have not been any disagreements
between the Company and its accountant on any matter of accounting principles, practices, or financial statement disclosure. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

As of December 31, 2023 (the end of the period
covered by this report), our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the 1934 Act). Based on that evaluation,
our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any
controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control
objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of such possible
controls and procedures. 

(b) Report of Management on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The
Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to assets of the Company;
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management performed an assessment of the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 based upon the criteria in the 2013 Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on
management s assessment, management determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective
as of December 31, 2023. 

Due to the Company s status as an emerging
growth company under the JOBS Act, the Company was not required to obtain an attestation report from the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

During the fiscal quarter ended December 31,
2023, none of our directors or executive officers or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or
sale of our securities to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

55 

PART III. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Holders of our common stock will vote for the
election of directors. Under our Certificate of Incorporation, our Board of Directors is divided into three classes. Each class of directors
will generally hold office for a three-year term. However, the initial members of the three classes had initial terms of one, two, and
three years, respectively. As a result, only one class of directors will be up for election at each annual meeting. At each annual meeting
of our stockholders following our adoption of a classified board, the successors to the class of directors whose terms expire at such
meeting will be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders held in the third year following the
year of their election. 

Each director will hold office for the term to
which he or she is elected or appointed and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies, or until his or her earlier death,
resignation, removal or disqualification. 

Directors 

The address for each director is c/o Muzinich
BDC, Inc., 450 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022. Information regarding the Board is as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Expiration 
of Term 
 
 Independent Directors: 

Kathleen T. Barr 
 
 68 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 2026 
 
 Eric W. Falkeis 
 
 50 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 2024 
 
 Steven J. Paggioli 
 
 73 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 2025 
 
 Interested Directors: 

Paul Fehre 
 
 61 
 
 Director, Chairperson of the Board, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 2024 
 
 Jeffrey Youle 
 
 64 
 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 2025 

Executive Officers who are not Directors 

Information regarding our executive officers who are not directors
is as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Cheryl Rivkin 
 
 54 
 
 Secretary 

Biographical Information 

Directors 

Our Board of Directors are divided into two groups interested
directors and the Independent Directors. Interested directors are interested persons as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. 

Interested Directors 

Jeffrey Youle. Mr. Youle was appointed
as our Chief Executive Officer and President in March 2020. Mr. Youle is Muzinich s Head of US Private Debt and has over 30 years
of experience in originating, structuring and investing in private debt and equity of middle market companies, and currently serves on
the board of Muzinich Corporate Lending Income Fund, Inc. Prior to joining Muzinich, he was a Managing General Partner of Global Leveraged
Capital Management LLC, a firm he co-founded in 2005, and grew capital under management to 1.1 billion, at its peak. Previously, he held
a number of senior management positions during his 17 years with BNP Paribas, including Head of US Corporate Investment Banking and Executive
Committee member, Head of North America Acquisition Finance Loan Structuring, and Head of NY Merchant Banking, amongst other senior
positions. Mr. Youle received his B.A. in Economics from Albion College and his M.B.A. in Finance from The University of Michigan. 

Paul Fehre. Mr. Fehre was appointed as
our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer in August 2019. Mr. Fehre currently serves as the Chief Operating Officer of Muzinich 
Co., Inc. Mr. Fehre is a Director of Muzinich Co., Inc. and Muzinich Corporate Lending Income Fund, Inc. Prior to joining Muzinich
in 2014, Mr. Fehre was Managing Director and Head of Investment Operations for New York Life Investment Management, where he spent 10
years leading the operations, technology delivery, marketing, client services, administration, and financial functions supporting the
Fixed Income Investors division of the firm. Previously, he managed product and project management functions to support the Investor Services
division at J.P. Morgan Chase. He also managed the corporate treasury and investment accounting functions at can Financial. Mr. Fehre
earned a B.S. in Finance and Accounting at Rider University. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. 

56 

Independent Directors 

Kathleen T. Barr. Ms. Barr has substantial
registered investment company experience, including her role as former Chair and current member of the Governing Council for the Independent
Directors Council and a member of the Investment Company Institute Board of Governors. She has executive experience as the former owner
of a registered investment adviser (Productive Capital Management, Inc.), the Chief Administrative Officer, Senior Vice President and
Senior Managing Director of Allegiant Asset Management Company (merged with PNC Capital Advisers LLC in 2009), and the Chief Administrative
Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Senior Vice President of PNC Funds and PNC Advantage Funds (f/k/a Allegiant Funds). Ms. Barr also
currently serves on the board and Muzinich Corporate Lending Income Fund, Inc., William Blair Funds and Professionally Managed Portfolios.
Ms. Barr holds a B.A. in Business Administration from the University of Pittsburgh. 

Eric
W. Falkeis. Mr. Falkeis has substantial experience with registered investment companies and financial, accounting, investment and
regulatory matters through his former positions as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (and other positions) of U.S. Bancorp
Fund Services, LLC, a full service provider to registered investment companies and alternative investment products. Mr. Falkeis currently
serves as Chief Growth Officer and Co-Founder of Tidal Financial Group (2022 to present) and was formally
the Chief Executive Officer of Tidal ETF Services LLC (2018 to present). He has experience consulting with investment advisors regarding
the legal structure of investment companies, distribution channel analysis, marketing and actual distribution of those funds. Mr. Falkeis
also has substantial managerial, operational and risk oversight experience through his former positions as President, Chief Operating
Officer and Trustee of the Direxion Funds and the Direxion Exchange Traded Funds (2013 to 2018). Mr. Falkeis also currently serves on
the board of Muzinich Corporate Lending Income Fund, Inc., and Professionally Managed Portfolios. Mr. Falkeis holds a Bachelor s
degree in Accounting from Marquette University and is a Certified Public Accountant. 

Steven J. Paggioli. Mr. Paggioli has substantial
investment company and investment advisory experience, and he currently serves as an independent consultant on investment company and
investment advisory matters. He has held a number of senior positions with investment company and investment advisory organizations and
related businesses, including Executive Vice President, Director and Principal of the Wadsworth Group (fund administration, distribution
transfer agency and accounting services). He serves on the boards of several investment management companies and advisory firms. He has
served on various industry association and self-regulatory committees and formerly worked on the staff of the SEC. Mr. Paggioli also currently
serves on the boards of Muzinich Corporate Lending Income Fund, Inc., Professionally Managed Portfolios and AMG Funds, in addition to
serving on the Board of Governors of the Investment Company Institute and on the Governing Council of the Independent Directors Council.
Mr. Paggioli holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Connecticut and a J.D. from the University of Connecticut School
of Law. 

Executive Officers who are not Directors 

Cheryl Rivkin. Ms. Rivkin was appointed
as our Secretary in August, 2019. Ms. Rivkin currently serves as Muzinich s Chief Administrative Officer Director, Compliance.
Prior to joining Muzinich in 2003, Ms. Rivkin was a Vice President at GSC Partners, a US and U.K.-based investment adviser specializing
in corporate debt including distressed and mezzanine debt, as well as structured products. Previously, she served as a Director for distressed
debt and equity hedge fund investment adviser, Morgens, Waterfall, Vintiadis Co., Inc. Ms. Rivkin earned a B.A., magna cum laude
and Phi Beta Kappa, from Mount Holyoke College where she was a Sarah Williston Scholar, and an M. Phil. in Modern Middle Eastern Studies
from Oxford University where she was a Marshall Scholar focusing on development economics and oil policy. 

Audit Committee 

The members of the Audit Committee are Kathleen
T. Barr, Eric W. Falkeis and Steven J. Paggioli, each of whom meets the current independence and experience requirements of Rule 10A-3
of the Exchange Act and none of whom would be an interested person of the Company as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the
1940 Act. Mr. Falkeis serves as Chairperson of the Audit Committee. Our Board of Directors has determined that each of Ms. Barr, Mr. Falkeis
and Mr. Paggioli is an audit committee financial expert as defined under Item 407 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. The Audit Committee will be responsible for overseeing matters relating to the appointment and activities of our auditors,
audit plans and procedures, various accounting and financial reporting issues and changes in accounting policies, and reviewing the results
and scope of the audit and other services provided by our independent public accountants. The Audit Committee will also be responsible
for aiding our Board of Directors in fair value pricing debt and equity securities that are not publicly traded or for which current market
values are not readily available. 

57 

Governance and Nominating Committee 

The members of the Governance and Nominating Committee
are Kathleen T. Barr, Eric W. Falkeis and Steven J. Paggioli, none of whom would be an interested person as defined in Section
2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Ms. Barr serves as the Chairperson of the Governance and Nominating Committee. The Governance and Nominating
Committee will be responsible for identifying, researching and nominating directors for election by our stockholders, selecting nominees
to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors or a committee of the Board of Directors, developing and recommending to the Board of Directors
a set of corporate governance principles and overseeing the evaluation of the Board of Directors and our management. The Governance and
Nominating Committee will consider nominees properly recommended by our stockholders. 

Code of Ethics 

The Company and the Adviser have jointly adopted a single code of ethics
pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act, respectively, that establishes procedures for personal
investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions by the Company s and the Adviser s personnel. The Company
has also adopted a code of ethics which applies to, among others, the Company s directors and senior officers, including the principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and any person performing similar functions,
and establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions (the SOX Code ).
Personnel subject to each code of ethics may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, so long as such investments
are made in accordance with the code s requirements. 

The Company will provide any person, without charge, upon request,
a copy of our SOX Code. To receive a copy, please provide a written request to: Muzinich BDC, Inc., 450 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10022
 Attention: Investor Relations. Any material amendments to or waivers of a required provision of the SOX Code will be reported
in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Compensation of Executive Officers 

We do not currently have any employees and do
not expect to have any employees, but we do have officers and directors. Each of our initial executive officers is an employee of our
Adviser and/or one of its affiliates. Our day-to-day investment operations will be managed by our Adviser. Most of the services necessary
for the origination and management of our investment portfolio will be provided by investment professionals employed by our Adviser and/or
its affiliates. 

None of our executive officers will receive direct
compensation from us. Certain of our executive officers and other members of our Investment Team, through their ownership interest in
or management positions with our Adviser, may be entitled to a portion of any profits earned by our Adviser or its affiliates (including
any fees payable to our Adviser under the terms of our Investment Management Agreement, less expenses incurred by our Adviser in performing
its services under our Investment Management Agreement). Our Adviser or its affiliates may pay additional salaries, bonuses, and individual
performance awards and/or individual performance bonuses to our executive officers in addition to their ownership interest. 

Compensation of Independent Directors 

Each Independent Director will be compensated
with an annual fee for his or her services as one of our directors and as a member of the Audit Committee and Governance and Nominating
Committee. Prior to October 1, 2022, compensation for each Independent Director was 50,000 per year. Effective October 1, 2022, compensation
for each Independent Director increased to 60,000 per year. The Chairperson and Committee Chairs may receive additional compensation
for their services. The Independent Directors of the Board of Directors and each committee will also be reimbursed for travel and other
expenses incurred in connection with attending meetings. We may also pay the incidental costs of a director to attend training or other
types of conferences relating to the BDC industry. The following table sets forth compensation of the Company s independent directors
for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Name 
 Fees Earned (1) 
 Stock Awards (2) 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Kathleen T. Barr 
 60,000 
 - 
 - 
 60,000 
 
 Eric W. Falkeis 
 60,000 
 - 
 - 
 60,000 
 
 Steven J. Paggioli 
 60,000 
 - 
 - 
 60,000 

(1) No
compensation is paid to our directors who are interested persons, as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940
Act. 

(2) We
do not maintain a stock or option plan, non-equity incentive plan or pension plan for our directors. 

58 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth, as of March 29,
2024, the beneficial ownership of each director and executive officer of the Company, and the executive officers and directors as a group. 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. Unless otherwise indicated, the Company
believes that each beneficial owner set forth in the table has sole voting and investment power and has the same address as the Company.
Our address is 450 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Owned Beneficially (1) 
 Percentage of Class (2) 
 
 Interested Directors 

Jeffrey Youle 
 291 
 0.17 
 
 Paul Fehre 
 - 
 - 
 
 Independent Directors 

Kathleen T. Barr 
 - 
 - 
 
 Eric W. Falkeis 
 - 
 - 
 
 Steven J. Paggioli 
 - 
 - 
 
 Executive Officers 

Cheryl Rivkin 
 - 
 - 
 
 All executive officers and directors as a group (six persons) 
 291 
 0.17 

(1) Beneficial
ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). 

(2) Based
on a total of 169,101.0 Company s shares issued and outstanding on March 29, 2024. 

Set forth below is the dollar range of equity
securities beneficially owned by each of our directors as of March 29, 2024. We are not part of a family of investment companies, 
as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. 

Name of Director 
 
 Dollar Range of Equity Securities 
Beneficially Owned (1)(2) 
 
 Interested Directors 

Jeffrey Youle 
 
 Over 100,000 
 
 Paul Fehre 
 
 None 
 
 Independent Directors 

Kathleen T. Barr 
 
 None 
 
 Eric W. Falkeis 
 
 None 
 
 Steven J. Paggioli 
 
 None 

(1) The
dollar ranges are: None, 1- 10,000, 10,001- 50,000, 50,001- 100,000, or Over 100,000. 

(2) Beneficial
ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 16a-1(a)(2) of the Exchange Act. 

59 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

Potential Conflicts of Interest 

The following are descriptions of certain conflicts
and potential conflicts that may be associated with the financial or other interests that the Adviser may have in transactions effected
by, with and on behalf of the Company. They are not, and are not intended to be, a complete enumeration or explanation of all of the potential
conflicts of interest that may arise. 

Our Adviser or its subsidiaries and affiliates
and their respective directors, members, officers, partners and employees (collectively, the Parties ), including those involved
in the investment management of the Company, are or may be involved in other financial, investment and professional activities which may
cause a conflict of interest with the management of the Company and/or their respective roles with respect to the Company. In particular,
our Adviser and its affiliates may have proprietary interests in, or manage and advise, other accounts or funds which have investment
objectives similar or dissimilar to those of the Company and/or which engage in transactions in the same types of securities or other
instruments as the Company. Our Adviser is not obligated to buy or sell for the Company any security or other investment that it or any
of its affiliates may buy, sell or recommend for any other client or for its or any such affiliate s own account. As a result of
conflicts of interest that may arise on account of the provision of investment advisory and other services to clients other than the Company,
our Adviser and its affiliates may have differing economic interests in respect of such activities and may have conflicts of interest
in allocating investment opportunities and time between the Company and other accounts. 

Each of the Parties will use reasonable efforts
to ensure that the performance of its respective duties will not be impaired by any such involvement it may have and that any conflicts
which may arise will be resolved fairly. 

From time to time, certain investment opportunities
for the Company (including opportunities to sell investments) may come to the attention of our Adviser by virtue of the fact that our
Adviser, or one of its clients or affiliated persons, is willing to sell or purchase such investment. In some circumstances, a potential
conflict of interest may arise because our Adviser or its affiliates may be acting for one or more clients, including the Company, and
for itself or on behalf of another client. Our Adviser has adopted and implemented policies and procedures, to which our Adviser is subject,
including brokerage and trade allocation policies and procedures which it believes address the conflicts associated with managing multiple
accounts of different types with similar and dissimilar investment objectives and guidelines. It is the policy of our Adviser that investment
decisions for the Company be made based on a consideration of its investment objective, policies, and strategies, and that investment
transactions be fairly allocated among its clients, including the Company. 

Our Adviser expects to put in place a conflict
resolution policy that addresses the co-investment restrictions set forth under the 1940 Act. Our Adviser will seek to ensure an equitable
allocation of investment opportunities when we are able to invest alongside other accounts managed by our Adviser and its affiliates.
When we invest alongside such other accounts as permitted, such investments will be made consistent with the 1940 Act, the related guidance
of the SEC staff and any allocation policies adopted by our Adviser. It is our policy to base our determinations as to the amount of capital
available for investment on such factors as the amount of cash on hand, existing commitments and reserves, if any, the targeted leverage
level, the targeted asset mix and diversification requirements and other investment policies and restrictions to be set by our Board of
Directors, or imposed by applicable laws, rules, regulations or interpretations. We expect that these determinations will be made similarly
for other accounts. In situations where co-investment with other entities sponsored or managed by our Adviser or its affiliates is not
permitted or appropriate, such as when there is an opportunity to invest in different securities of the same issuer, our Adviser and/or
its affiliates, as applicable, will need to decide whether we or such other entity or entities will proceed with the investment. Our Adviser
and/or its affiliates, as applicable, will make these determinations based on their respective policies and procedures. The Company, our
Adviser and Muzinich have obtained an exemptive order (the Order from the SEC permitting greater flexibility to negotiate
the terms of co-investments if our Board of Directors determines that it would be advantageous for us to co-invest with other accounts
managed by our Adviser or its affiliates in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions
as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent limitations, including the terms and conditions set forth in the Order. 

From time to time, Muzinich may, but is not obligated
to, offer co-investment opportunities to stockholders and/or other third parties, which it may select in its sole discretion, either directly
or through partnerships, joint ventures or other similar entities or arrangements. Any opportunity to participate in a co-investment will
be subject to the Adviser s allocation policy and applicable regulatory requirements. There is no guarantee that stockholders will
be offered co-investment opportunities, and no stockholder has a right to participate in any co-investment opportunity. To the extent
co-investment opportunities arise, co-investment opportunities may, and likely would, be offered to some and not other investors, in the
sole discretion of the Adviser or its related persons and the Adviser has no obligation to offer a similar opportunity to any other investor.
In determining to offer any co-investment opportunity in a specific investment, the Adviser will generally first determine the appropriate
amount of such investment to be allocated to the Adviser s clients, before allocating any portion of such portfolio investment to
one or more co-investors. 

60 

Our Adviser has adopted a Code of Ethics, which
is designed to identify and address certain conflicts of interest between personal investment activities and the interests of investment
advisory clients. The Code of Ethics permits access persons of our Adviser to engage in personal securities transactions, including with
respect to securities held by the Company, subject to certain requirements and restrictions. Among other things, the Code of Ethics prohibits
certain types of transactions absent prior approval and requires the quarterly and annual reporting of securities transactions and annual
reporting of holdings. Exceptions to certain provisions of the Code of Ethics may be granted in particular circumstances after review
by appropriate officers or compliance personnel. 

Our Adviser or its affiliates may compensate one
or more broker-dealers, investment advisers, or other financial intermediaries for placing common stock of the Company, or for referrals
and client servicing including both one-time fees and ongoing fees based on a percentage of assets. 

In the event of a conflict between the interests
of the Company and the interests of our Adviser, our Adviser shall make a determination in the best interests of the Company. 

Prospective investors should understand that (i)
the relationships among the Company, our Adviser and its affiliates, and the other accounts managed by our Adviser and/or its affiliates,
are complex and dynamic and (ii) as our Adviser s, its affiliates , and the Company s businesses change over time, our
Adviser and its affiliates may be subject, and the Company may be exposed, to new or additional conflicts of interest. There can be no
assurance that this Form 10-K addresses or anticipates every possible current or future conflict of interest that may arise or that is
or may be detrimental to the Company. Prospective investors should consult with their own advisors regarding the impact that the conflicts
of interest described in this Form 10-K may have on their investment in the Company. 

Lack of Exclusivity 

The personnel of our Adviser will devote as much
of their time to the activities of the Company as they deem necessary and appropriate. Our Adviser and its affiliates and their personnel
are not restricted from forming additional investment funds, entering into other investment advisory relationships or engaging in other
business activities, even if such activities may be in competition with the Company and/or may involve substantial time and resources
of our Adviser, its affiliates or their personnel. These activities could be viewed as creating a conflict of interest in that the time
and effort of our Adviser (including its investment team) and its affiliates or their personnel will not be devoted exclusively to the
business of the Company but will be allocated among the Company and the other advisees of our Adviser. 

Cross Trades 

When permitted by applicable law and the Adviser s
and the Company s policies, the Adviser, acting on the Company s behalf, may enter into transactions in securities and other
instruments with or through other accounts managed by the Adviser or its affiliates, and may cause the Company to engage in transactions
with which the Adviser and/or its affiliates advise both sides of a transaction (each such transfer, a Cross Trade ). The
Adviser may execute a Cross Trade for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, tax purposes, liquidity purposes, to rebalance
the portfolios of the accounts or to reduce transaction costs that may arise in an open market transaction. Before engaging in a Cross
Trade, the Adviser must first determine that the trade is in the best interests of both of the accounts involved and take steps to ensure
that the transaction is consistent with the duty to obtain best execution for each such account. There may be potential conflicts of interest
or regulatory restrictions relating to these transactions which could limit the Adviser s ability to engage in these transactions
for the Company. 

Selection of Broker-Dealers 

The Adviser has the authority to determine the
broker-dealers to be used in any securities transaction and has no obligation to deal with any particular broker-dealer in the execution
of transactions in portfolio securities. In placing orders for purchase and sale of securities and selecting brokers to effect these transactions,
the Adviser seeks prompt execution of orders at the most favorable prices reasonably obtainable and in doing so will consider a number
of factors, including, without limitation, the overall direct net economic result to the client (including commission or spreads which
may not be the lowest available but which ordinarily will not be higher than the generally prevailing competitive range), the financial
strength, reputation and stability of the broker, the efficiency with which the transaction is effected, the ability to effect the transaction
at all where a large block is involved, the availability of the broker to stand ready to execute possibly difficult transactions in the
future and other matters involved in the receipt of brokerage and research services. 

61 

Section 28(e) of the Exchange Act is a safe
harbor that permits an investment adviser to use commissions or soft dollars to obtain research and brokerage services
that provide lawful and appropriate assistance in the investment decision-making process. The Adviser does not intend to use soft
dollars. If in the future the Adviser chooses to use soft dollars, it will limit the use of soft dollars 
to obtain research and brokerage services to services that constitute research and brokerage within the meaning of Section 28(e). Under
Section 28(e), the Adviser may pay a brokerage commission in excess of that which another broker-dealer might have charged for the same
transaction in recognition of research and brokerage-related services provided by the broker. Research services within Section 28(e) may
include, but are not limited to, research reports (including market research); certain financial newsletters and trade journals; software
providing analysis of securities portfolios; corporate governance research and rating services; attendance at certain seminars and conferences;
discussions with research analysts; meetings with corporate executives; consultants advice on portfolio strategy; data services
(including services providing market data, company financial data and economic data); advice from brokers on order execution; and certain
proxy services. Brokerage services within Section 28(e) may include, but are not limited to, services related to the execution, clearing
and settlement of securities transactions and functions incidental thereto (i.e., connectivity services between an investment adviser
and a broker-dealer and other relevant parties such as custodians); trading software operated by a broker-dealer to route orders; software
that provides trade analytics and trading strategies; software used to transmit orders; clearance and settlement in connection with a
trade; electronic communication of allocation instructions; routing settlement instructions; post trade matching of trade information;
and services required by the SEC or a self-regulatory organization such as comparison services, electronic confirms or trade affirmations. 

Research and brokerage services obtained by the
use of commissions arising from the Company s portfolio transactions may be used by the Adviser in its other investment activities
and thus, the Company may not necessarily, in any particular instance, be the direct or indirect beneficiary of the research or brokerage
services provided. 

Aggregation (Bunching) of Trades 

When appropriate, and subject to applicable law,
the Adviser may, but is not required to, aggregate client orders to achieve more efficient execution or to provide for equitable treatment
among accounts. When orders are aggregated (bunched), the Adviser generally seeks to allocate securities or other instruments pro-rata
subject to rounding the nearest round lot and tempered by available cash. At times, it is not possible to allocate pro rata after the
execution amount is known for example when there is an Adviser and/or issuer imposed minimum lot size and a pro rata method would
result in the Company obtaining or selling no securities or other instruments. In addition to considerations of equity, bunching avoids
placing competing orders, improves order management, and may, because of larger order size, permit some degree of price improvement or
consistency relative to a series of individually placed orders. 

Service Providers 

The service providers to the Company may from
time to time act as director, manager, investment manager, prime broker, broker, custodian, registrar, administrator or dealer in relation
to, or otherwise be involved in, other investment funds that have similar objectives or investments as those held by the Company. It is
therefore possible that such service providers or their affiliated persons may, in the course of business, have potential conflicts of
interest with the Company. The Adviser will endeavor to ensure that such conflicts are resolved fairly. The Adviser will use its best
efforts to provide common stockholders with prior notice of any change to the Custodian and Administrator. 

Co-Investment Opportunities 

We may co-invest on a concurrent basis with certain
accounts managed by our Adviser and/or its affiliates, unless doing so is impermissible under existing regulatory guidance, applicable
regulations and our allocation procedures. In certain circumstances, negotiated co-investments may be made only if we receive an order
from the SEC permitting us to do so. We, our Adviser and Muzinich have received an Order from the SEC permitting greater flexibility to
negotiate the terms of co-investments if our Board of Directors determines that it would be advantageous for us to co-invest with other
accounts managed by our Adviser and/or its affiliates in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies
and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent limitations, including the terms and conditions of the Order.
Our fees payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making investments and valuing potential investments, including fees
and expenses associated with performing due diligence reviews of prospective investments, that are not consummated by us and our affiliates
will be allocated between us and the affiliates on an equitable, proportional basis based on the potential size of total investment. 

62 

Material Non-Public Information 

Our senior management and other investment professionals
from our Adviser may serve as directors of, or in a similar capacity with, companies in which we invest or in which we are considering
making an investment. Through these and other relationships with a company, these individuals may obtain material, non-public information
that might restrict our ability to buy or sell securities of such company under the policies of the company or applicable law. 

Investment Management Agreement 

We are party to an Investment Management Agreement
with our Adviser pursuant to which we will pay our Adviser a fee for investment management services consisting of a base management fee
and an incentive fee. This fee structure may create an incentive for our Adviser to invest in certain types of securities. Additionally,
we rely on investment professionals from our Adviser to assist our Board of Directors with the valuation of our portfolio investments. 

The management fee and incentive fee paid to our
Adviser are based on the value of our investments and there may be a conflict of interest when personnel of our Adviser are involved in
the valuation process for our portfolio investments. See also Item 1. Business Administration Agreement and Fund Accounting
Agreement. 

Placement Agent Agreement 

We are party to a Placement Agent Agreement with
Muzinich Capital LLC (the Placement Agent pursuant to which the Placement Agent provides certain services in connection
with the offering. The Placement Agent is an affiliate of the Adviser and these services will be provided on a fee-free basis. 

Director Independence 

Pursuant to Section 56 of the 1940 Act, a
majority of a BDC s board of directors must be comprised of persons who are not interested persons, as defined in
Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, of the Company or any of its affiliates. 

Consistent with these considerations, after review
of all relevant transactions and relationships between each director, or any of his or her family members, and the Company, the Adviser,
or of any of their respective affiliates, the Board has determined that Ms. Barr and Messrs. Falkeis and Paggioli qualify as independent
directors. Each director who serves on the Audit Committee is an independent director for purposes of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange
Act. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The Audit Committee and the Independent Directors
of the Board of Directors have selected Deloitte to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm for the Company for the
year ended December 31, 2023. 

63 

Deloitte has advised us that neither the firm
nor any present member or associate of it has any material financial interest, direct or indirect, in the Company or its affiliates.
The following table shows the audit fees and non-audit related fees accrued or paid to Deloitte for professional services performed for
the Company s fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022: 

Service: 
 For the 
 year ended December 31, 2023 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 289,500 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 16,500 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 
 Total Fees: 
 306,000 

Service: 
 For the 
 year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 265,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 21,750 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 
 Total Fees: 
 286,750 

(1) During
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, Deloitte billed aggregate non-audit fees of 16,500 and 21,750, respectively, related
to the Company for services rendered to the Company. 

Audit Fees: Audit fees consist of fees
billed for professional services rendered for quarterly reviews and services that are normally provided by Deloitte in connection with
statutory and regulatory filings. 

Audit-Related Fees: Audit-related services
consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our
financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required
by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

Tax Fees: Tax fees consist of fees billed
for professional tax services. These services also include assistance regarding federal, state, and local tax compliance. 

All Other Fees: Other fees would include
fees for products and services other than the services reported above. 

Pre-Approval Policy: The Audit Committee
has established a pre-approval policy that describes the permitted audit, audit-related, tax and other services to be provided by Deloitte,
the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. The policy requires that the Audit Committee pre-approve the audit
and non-audit services performed by the independent auditor in order to assure that the provision of such service does not impair the
auditor s independence. 

Any requests for audit, audit-related, tax and
other services that have not received general pre-approval must be submitted to the Audit Committee for specific pre-approval, irrespective
of the amount, and cannot commence until such approval has been granted. Normally, pre-approval is provided at regularly scheduled meetings
of the Audit Committee. However, the Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members. The member or
members to whom such authority is delegated shall report any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting.
The Audit Committee does not delegate its responsibilities to pre-approve services performed by the independent registered public accounting
firm to management. 

64 

PART IV. 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 Financial Statements 

(1) 
 The following financial statements are set forth in Item 8 of Part II: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
 F-6 
 
 Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-9 

(b) 
 Exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 

Please note that the agreements included as exhibits
to this Form 10-K are included to provide information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure
information about us or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain representations and warranties by each of the parties
to the applicable agreement that have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and may not describe
the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this
report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (2) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Securities (3) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Investment Advisory Agreement between Muzinich BDC, Inc. and Muzinich BDC Adviser, LLC, as the investment adviser (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Administration Agreement between Muzinich BDC, Inc. and U.S. Bank, as the Administrator (1) 
 
 10.2.1 
 
 First Amendment to Administration Agreement between Muzinich BDC, Inc. and U.S. Bank, as Administrator (4) 
 
 10.2.2 
 
 Second Amendment to Administration Agreement between Muzinich BDC, Inc. and U.S. Bank, as Administrator (5) 
 
 10.2.3 
 
 Third Amendment to Administration Agreement between Muzinich BDC, Inc. and U.S. Bank, as Administrator 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Custody Agreement between Muzinich BDC, Inc., Muzinich BDC Holdings, LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as the custodian 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Loan Agreement with BNP Paribas Prime Brokerage International Limited(6) 
 
 10.6 
 
 U.S. Prime Brokerage Agreement between the Company and BNP Paribas Prime Brokerage International Limited, on behalf of itself and as agent for the BNPP Entities (as defined in the Account Agreement)(7) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,as amended 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,as amended 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

(1) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56068) filed with the SEC on August 16, 2019. 
 
 (2) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 16, 2020. 
 
 (3) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022. 
 
 (4) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 8, 2022. 
 
 (5) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 10, 2023. 
 
 (6) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report
on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2023. 
 
 (7) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021. 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with
Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally an unredacted copy of this exhibit to the Securities
and Exchange Commission upon its request. 

65 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Muzinich BDC, Inc. 

Date: March 29, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey Youle 

Name: 
 Jeffrey Youle 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 29, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Paul Fehre 

Name: 
 Paul Fehre 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the following capacities on March 29, 2024. 

/s/ Paul Fehre 

Paul Fehre 

Chairperson of the Board of Directors, 
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

/s/ Jeffrey Youle 

Jeffrey Youle 

Director, Chief Executive Officer and President 

/s/ Kathleen T. Barr 

Kathleen T. Barr 

Director and Chairperson of the Governance and Nominating Committee 

/s/ Eric W. Falkeis 

Eric W. Falkeis 

Director and Chairperson of the Audit Committee 

/s/ Steven J. Paggioli 

Steven J. Paggioli 

Director 

66 

<EX-10.2(3)>
 2
 ea020264601ex10-2iii_muzin.htm
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN MUZINICH BDC, INC. AND U.S. BANK, AS ADMINISTRATOR

Exhibit 10.2.3 

Certain portions of this document have been omitted pursuant to
Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K and, where applicable, have been marked with [ ] to indicate where omissions have
been made. A copy of any omitted portion will be furnished supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request; provided,
however, that the registrant may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any document so furnished. 

THIRD AMENDMENT TO THE 

 FUND ADMINISTRATION SERVICING AGREEMENT 

THIS THIRD AMENDMENT TO THE FUND ADMINISTRATION
SERVICING AGREEMENT (this Amendment is made and entered into as of March 6, 2024 (the Effective Date ),
by and among MUZINICH BDC, INC., a Delaware corporation (the BDC ), MUZINICH BDC HOLDINGS, LLC a Delaware limited
liability company (the SPV ), (the BDC and SPV collectively, the Fund ), and U.S.
Bancorp Fund Services, LLC (d/b/a u.s. bank global fund services) , a Wisconsin limited liability company Fund Services ). 

WHEREAS , the BDC and Fund Services entered
into a Fund Administration Servicing Agreement on August 8, 2019, as amended (the Agreement ); and 

WHEREAS , the BDC and Fund Services desire
to add the SPV as party to this Agreement: 

Muzinich BDC Holdings, LLC 

WHEREAS , the Fund and Fund Services desire
to amend the fees to the Agreement in order to take into account present circumstances. 

WHEREAS, Section 7 of the Agreement allows
for the amendment of the Agreement by a written agreement executed by both parties and authorized or approved by the Board of Directors. 

NOW, THEREFORE , in
consideration of the mutual promises and agreements herein contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which
is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: 

As of the Effective Date, Exhibit A of
the Agreement is hereby superseded and replaced in its entirety with Exhibit A attached hereto. 

As of the Effective Date,
Muzinich BDC Holdings, LLC shall be added to the Agreement and references to the Fund in the Agreement with respect to the
services and duties of Fund Services shall also apply to the SPV, as applicable. 

Except to the extent amended hereby, the Agreement
shall remain in full force and effect. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have
caused this Amendment to be executed by a duly authorized officer on one or more counterparts as of the Effective Date. 

U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Jason Hadler 

Name: 
 Jason Hadler 

Title: 
 Sr. Vice President 

MUZINICH BDC, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Paul Fehre 

Name: 
 Paul Fehre 

Title: 
 CFO Treasurer 

MUZINICH BDC HOLDINGS, LLC 

By: 
 Muzinich BDC, Inc., its sole member 

By: 
 /s/ Paul Fehre 

Name: 
 Paul Fehre 

Title: 
 CFO Treasurer 

2 

Exhibit A to the Fund Accounting Servicing Agreement 

[ ] 

3 

</EX-10.2(3)>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 ea020264601ex10-3_muzin.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED CUSTODY AGREEMENT BETWEEN MUZINICH BDC, INC., MUZINICH BDC HOLDINGS, LLC AND U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS THE CUSTODIAN

Exhibit 10.3 

Certain portions of this document have been omitted pursuant to
Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K and, where applicable, have been marked with [ ] to indicate where omissions have
been made. A copy of any omitted portion will be furnished supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request; provided,
however, that the registrant may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any document so furnished. 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CUSTODY AGREEMENT 

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT (the Agreement )is
made and entered into as of March 6, 2024 (the Effective Date ), by and between MUZINICH BDC, INC., a Delaware Corporation
(the BDC ), MUZINICH BDC HOLDINGS, LLC a Delaware limited liability company (the Subsidiary (collectively,
the Fund ), and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , a national banking association organized and existing under the laws
of the United States of America with its principal place of business at Minneapolis, Minnesota (the Custodian ). 

WHEREAS, the BDC is a closed-end management investment
company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940
Act ); and 

WHEREAS, the BDC has formed the Subsidiary, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the BDC to hold certain investments; and 

WHEREAS, the Custodian is a bank having the qualifications
prescribed in Section 26(a)(1) of the 1940 Act; and 

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors (as defined below)
has delegated to the Custodian the responsibilities set forth in Rule 17f-5(c) under the 1940 Act and the Custodian is willing to undertake
the responsibilities and serve as the foreign custody manager for the Fund; and 

WHEREAS, the Fund desires to retain the Custodian
to act as custodian of its cash and securities; and 

WHEREAS, the BDC and Custodian entered into a Custody
Agreement on August 7, 2019, as amended (the Prior Agreement ); and 

WHEREAS, this Agreement shall supersede and replace,
in its entirety, the Prior Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises
and mutual covenants herein contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties
hereto, intending to be legally bound, do hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 

Whenever used in this Agreement, the following
words and phrases shall have the meanings set forth below unless the context otherwise requires: 

1.01 Authorized
Person means any Officer or person (including an authorized person of one of the BDC s investment adviser Adviser or other agent) who has been designated by written notice as such from the Fund or the Adviser or other agent as amended from time to
time. Such officer or person shall continue to be an Authorized Person until such time as the Custodian receives Written Instructions
from the Fund or the Adviser or other agent that any such person is no longer an Authorized Person. 

1 

1.02 Board
of Directors shall mean the directors from time to time serving under the BDC s certificate of incorporation, as amended
from time to time. 

1.03 Book-Entry
System shall mean a federal book-entry system as provided in Subpart O of Treasury Circular No. 300, 31 CFR 306, in Subpart
B of 31 CFR Part 350, or in such book-entry regulations of federal agencies as are substantially in the form of such Subpart O. 

1.04 Business
Day shall mean any day recognized as a settlement day by The New York Stock Exchange, Inc., and any other day for which the
Fund computes the net asset value of Shares of the Fund. 

1.05 Eligible
Foreign Custodian has the meaning set forth in Rule 17f-5(a)(1), including a majority-owned or indirect subsidiary of a U.S.
Bank (as defined in Rule 17f-5), a bank holding company meeting the requirements of an Eligible Foreign Custodian (as set forth in Rule
17f-5 or by other appropriate action of the SEC), or a foreign branch of a Bank (as defined in Section 2(a)(5) of the 1940 Act) meeting
the requirements of a custodian under Section 17(f) of the 1940 Act; the term does not include any Eligible Securities Depository. 

1.06 Eligible
Securities Depository shall mean a system for the central handling of securities as that term is defined in Rule 17f-4 and
17f-7 under the 1940 Act. 

1.07 FINRA 
shall mean the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. 

1.08 Foreign
Securities means any of the Fund s investments (including foreign currencies) for which the primary market is outside
the United States and such cash and cash equivalents as are reasonably necessary to effect the Fund s transactions in such investments. 

1.09 Fund
Custody Account shall mean any of the accounts in the name of the Fund, which is provided for in Section 3.02 below. 

1.10 IRS 
shall mean the Internal Revenue Service. 

1.11 Loan 
means any U.S. dollar denominated commercial loan, or participation therein, made by a bank or other financial institution that by its
terms provides for payments of principal and/or interest, including discount obligations and payment- in-kind obligations, acquired by
the Fund from time to time. 

1.12 Loan
Checklist means a list delivered to the Custodian in connection with delivery of a Loan to the Custodian that identifies the
items contained in the related Loan File. 

2 

1.13 Loan
Documents means those documents related to Loans to the extent delivered to the Custodian. 

1.14 Loan
File means, with respect to each Loan delivered to the Custodian, each of the Loan Documents identified on the related Loan
Checklist. 

1.15 Loan
Trade Confirmation means a confirmation to the Custodian from the Fund of the Fund s acquisition of a Loan, and setting
forth applicable information with respect to such Loan, which confirmation may be in the form of Schedule A attached hereto and made a
part hereof, subject to such changes or additions as may be agreed to by, or in such other form as may be agreed to by, the Custodian
and the Fund from time to time 

1.16 Noteless
Loan means a Loan with respect to which (i) the related loan agreement does not require the obligor to execute and deliver
an Underlying Note to evidence the indebtedness created under such Loan and (ii) no Underlying Notes are outstanding with respect to the
portion of the Loan transferred to a Fund. 

1.17 Officer 
shall mean the Chairman, President, any Vice President, any Assistant Vice President, the Secretary, any Assistant Secretary, the Treasurer,
or any Assistant Treasurer of the Fund. 

1.18 Participation 
means an interest in a Loan that is acquired indirectly by way of a participation from a selling institution. 

1.19 SEC 
shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

1.20 Securities 
shall include, without limitation, common and preferred stocks, bonds, call options, put options, debentures, notes, bank certificates
of deposit, bankers' acceptances, mortgage-backed securities or other obligations, and any certificates, receipts, warrants or other instruments
or documents representing rights to receive, purchase or subscribe for the same, or evidencing or representing any other rights or interests
therein, or any similar property or assets that the Custodian or its agents have the facilities to clear and service. 

1.21 Securities
Depository shall mean The Depository Trust Company and any other clearing agency registered with the SEC under Section 17A
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), which acts as a system for the central handling of Securities
where all Securities of any particular class or series of an issuer deposited within the system are treated as fungible and may be transferred
or pledged by bookkeeping entry without physical delivery of the Securities. 

1.22 Shares 
shall mean, with respect to the Fund, the shares of common stock issued by the Fund on account of the Fund. 

3 

1.23 Sub-Custodian 
shall mean and include (i) any branch of a U.S. bank, as that term is defined in Rule 17f-5 under the 1940 Act, and (ii)
any Eligible Foreign Custodian , as that term is defined in Rule 17f-5 under the 1940 Act, having a contract with the Custodian
which the Custodian has determined will provide reasonable care of assets of the Fund based on the standards specified in Section 3.03
below. Such contract shall be in writing and shall include provisions that provide: (i) for indemnification or insurance arrangements
(or any combination of the foregoing) such that the Fund will be adequately protected against the risk of loss of assets held in accordance
with such contract; (ii) that the Foreign Securities will not be subject to any right, charge, security interest, lien or claim of any
kind in favor of the Sub-Custodian or its creditors except a claim of payment for their safe custody or administration, in the case of
cash deposits, liens or rights in favor of creditors of the Sub-Custodian arising under bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws; (iii)
that beneficial ownership for the Foreign Securities will be freely transferable without the payment of money or value other than for
safe custody or administration; (iv) that adequate records will be maintained identifying the assets as belonging to the Fund or as being
held by a third party for the benefit of the Fund; (v) that the Fund s independent public accountants will be given access to those
records or confirmation of the contents of those records; and (vi) that the Fund will receive periodic reports with respect to the safekeeping
of the Fund s assets, including, but not limited to, notification of any transfer to or from the Fund's account or a third party
account containing assets held for the benefit of the Fund. Such contract may contain, in lieu of any or all of the provisions specified
in (i)-(vi) above, such other provisions that the Custodian determines will provide, in their entirety, the same or a greater level of
care and protection for Fund assets as the specified provisions. 

1.24 Underlying
Note means the one or more promissory notes executed by an obligor evidencing a Loan. 

1.25 Written
Instructions shall mean (i) written communications received by the Custodian and signed by an Authorized Person, (ii) communications
by facsimile or Internet electronic e-mail or any other such system from one or more persons reasonably believed by the Custodian to be
an Authorized Person, or (iii) communications between electronic devices. 

ARTICLE II. 

APPOINTMENT OF CUSTODIAN 

2.01 Appointment .
The Fund hereby appoints the Custodian as custodian of all Securities and cash owned by or in the possession of the Fund at any time during
the period of this Agreement, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and the Custodian hereby accepts such appointment
and agrees to perform the services and duties set forth in this Agreement. The Fund hereby delegates to the Custodian, subject to Rule
17f-5(b), the responsibilities with respect to the Fund s Foreign Securities, and the Custodian hereby accepts such delegation as
foreign custody manager with respect to the Fund. The services and duties of the Custodian shall be confined to those matters expressly
set forth herein, and no implied duties are assumed by or may be asserted against the Custodian hereunder. 

2.02 Documents
to be Furnished . The following documents, including any amendments thereto, will be provided contemporaneously with the execution
of the Agreement to the Custodian by the Fund: 

(a) A copy of the BDC s certificate of incorporation certified
by the Secretary; 

(b) A copy of the BDC s bylaws, certified by the Secretary; 

4 

(c) A copy of the Subsidiary s operating agreement 

(d) A copy of the resolution of the Board of Directors of the
BDC appointing the Custodian, certified by the Secretary; 

(e) A copy of the current private placement memorandum of the
BDC; 

(f) A certification of the Chairman or the President and the
Secretary of the BDC setting forth the names and signatures of the current Officers of the BDC and other Authorized Persons of the Fund;
and 

(g) An executed authorization required by the Shareholder Communications
Act of 1985, attached hereto as Exhibit B . 

2.03 Notice
of Appointment of Transfer Agent . The Fund agrees to notify the Custodian in writing of the appointment, termination or change in
appointment of any transfer agent of the Fund, except if the Fund appoints an affiliate of the Custodian to serve as transfer agent of
the Fund, the Custodian hereby waives the Fund s obligation to provide such written notice. 

ARTICLE III. 

CUSTODY OF CASH AND SECURITIES 

3.01 Segregation .
All Securities and non-cash property held by the Custodian for the account of the Fund (other than Securities maintained in a Securities
Depository, Eligible Securities Depository or Book-Entry System) shall be physically segregated from other Securities and non-cash property
in the possession of the Custodian (including the Securities and non-cash property of the other series of the Fund, if applicable) and
shall be identified as subject to this Agreement. 

3.02 Fund
Custody and Cash Accounts . The Custodian shall open and maintain in its fund custody department: (x) a custody account in the name
of the Fund coupled with the name of the Fund, subject only to draft or order of the Custodian, in which the Custodian shall enter and
carry all Securities (other than Loans), cash and other assets of the Fund which are delivered to it and (y) cash accounts, including
any subaccounts, in the name of the Fund, subject only to draft or order of the Custodian, in which the Custodian shall enter and carry
all principal and interest received with respect to the Loans. The amounts held in the cash in the custody account but shall instead maintain
a register (in book-entry form or in such other form as it shall deem necessary or desirable) of such Loans, containing such information
as the Fund and the Custodian may reasonably agree. The Custodian shall be authorized to open such additional accounts as may be necessary
or convenient for administration of its duties hereunder. 

3.03 Appointment
of Agents . 

(a) In its discretion, the Custodian may appoint one or more Sub-Custodians to establish and maintain arrangements with (i) Eligible Securities
Depositories or (ii) Eligible Foreign Custodians that are members of the Sub-Custodian s network to hold Securities and cash of
the Fund and to carry out such other provisions of this Agreement as it may determine; provided, however, that the appointment of any
such agents and maintenance of any Securities and cash of the Fund shall be at the Custodian's expense and shall not relieve the Custodian
of any of its obligations or liabilities under this Agreement. The Custodian shall be liable for the actions of any Sub-Custodians (regardless
of whether assets are maintained in the custody of a Sub-Custodian, a member of its network or an Eligible Securities Depository) appointed
by it as if such actions had been done by the Custodian. 

5 

(b) If, after the initial appointment of Sub-Custodians by the Board of Directors in connection with this Agreement, the Custodian wishes
to appoint other Sub-Custodians to hold property of the Fund, it will so notify the Fund and make the necessary determinations as to any
such new Sub-Custodian's eligibility under Rule 17f-5 under the 1940 Act. 

(c) In performing its delegated responsibilities as foreign custody manager to place or maintain the Fund s assets with a Sub-Custodian,
the Custodian will determine that the Fund s assets will be subject to reasonable care, based on the standards applicable to custodians
in the country in which the Fund s assets will be held by that Sub-Custodian, after considering all factors relevant to safekeeping
of such assets, including, without limitation the factors specified in Rule 17f-5(c)(1). 

(d) The agreement between the Custodian and each Sub-Custodian acting hereunder shall contain the required provisions set forth in Rule
17f-5(c)(2) under the 1940 Act. 

(e) At the end of each calendar quarter after the date of this Agreement, the Custodian shall provide written reports notifying the Board
of Directors of the withdrawal or placement of the Securities and cash of the Fund with a Sub-Custodian and of any material changes in
the Fund s arrangements. Such reports shall include an analysis of the custody risks associated with maintaining assets with any
Eligible Securities Depositories. The Custodian shall promptly take such steps as may be required to withdraw assets of the Fund from
any Sub-Custodian arrangement that has ceased to meet the requirements of Rule 17f-5 or Rule 17f-7 under the 1940 Act, as applicable. 

(f) With respect to its responsibilities under this Section 3.03, the Custodian hereby warrants to the Fund that it agrees to exercise
reasonable care, prudence and diligence such as a person having responsibility for the safekeeping of property of the Fund; provided,
however, with respect to custody of any Loans, the Custodian s responsibility shall be limited to the exercise of reasonable care
by the Custodian in the physical custody of any such documents delivered to it, and any related instrument, security, credit agreement,
assignment agreement and/or other agreements or documents, if any, that may be delivered to it. The Custodian further warrants that the
Fund's assets will be subject to reasonable care if maintained with a Sub-Custodian, after considering all factors relevant to the safekeeping
of such assets, including, without limitation: (i) the Sub-Custodian's practices, procedures, and internal controls for certificated securities
(if applicable), its method of keeping custodial records, and its security and data protection practices; (ii) whether the Sub-Custodian
has the requisite financial strength to provide reasonable care for Fund assets; (iii) the Sub-Custodian's general reputation and standing
and, in the case of a Securities Depository, the Securities Depository's operating history and number of participants; and (iv) whether
the Fund will have jurisdiction over and be able to enforce judgments against the Sub-Custodian, such as by virtue of the existence of
any offices of the Sub-Custodian in the United States or the Sub-Custodian's consent to service of process in the United States. 

6 

(g) The Custodian shall establish a system or ensure that its Sub-Custodian has established a system to monitor on a continuing basis
(i) the appropriateness of maintaining the Fund s assets with a Sub-Custodian or Eligible Foreign Custodians who are members of
a Sub-Custodian s network; (ii) the performance of the contract governing the Fund s arrangements with such Sub-Custodian
or Eligible Foreign Custodian s members of a Sub-Custodian s network; and (iii) the custody risks of maintaining assets with
an Eligible Securities Depository. The Custodian must promptly notify the Fund or its investment adviser of any material change in these
risks. 

(h) The Custodian shall use commercially reasonable efforts to collect all income and other payments with respect to Foreign Securities
to which the Fund shall be entitled and shall credit such income, as collected, to the Fund. In the event that extraordinary measures
are required to collect such income, the Fund and Custodian shall consult as to the measurers and as to the compensation and expenses
of the Custodian relating to such measures. 

3.04 Delivery
of Assets to Custodian . The Fund shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Custodian all of the Fund's Securities, cash and
other investment assets, including (i) all payments of income, payments of principal and capital distributions received by the Fund with
respect to such Securities, cash or other assets owned by the Fund at any time during the period of this Agreement, and (ii) all cash
received by the Fund for the issuance of Shares. The Custodian shall not be responsible for such Securities, cash or other assets until
actually received by it. 

3.05 Securities
Depositories and Book-Entry Systems . The Custodian may deposit and/or maintain Securities (excluding Loans) of the Fund in a Securities
Depository or in a Book-Entry System, subject to the following provisions: 

(a) The Custodian, on an on-going basis, shall deposit in a Securities Depository or Book-Entry System all Securities eligible for deposit
therein and shall make use of such Securities Depository or Book-Entry System to the extent possible and practical in connection with
its performance hereunder, including, without limitation, in connection with settlements of purchases and sales of Securities, loans of
Securities, and deliveries and returns of collateral consisting of Securities. 

(b) Securities (other than Loans) of the Fund kept in a Book-Entry System or Securities Depository shall be kept in an account Depository
Account of the Custodian in such Book-Entry System or Securities Depository which includes only assets held by the Custodian as
a fiduciary, custodian or otherwise for customers. 

7 

(c) The records of the Custodian with respect to Securities of the Fund maintained in a Book-Entry System or Securities Depository shall,
by book-entry, identify such Securities (other than Loans) as belonging to the Fund. 

(d) If Securities purchased by the Fund are to be held in a Book-Entry System or Securities Depository, the Custodian shall pay for such
Securities upon: (i) receipt of advice from the Book-Entry System or Securities Depository that such Securities have been transferred
to the Depository Account; and (ii) the making of an entry on the records of the Custodian to reflect such payment and transfer for the
account of the Fund. If Securities sold by the Fund are held in a Book-Entry System or Securities Depository, the Custodian shall transfer
such Securities upon (i) receipt of advice from the Book-Entry System or Securities Depository that payment for such Securities has been
transferred to the Depository Account; and (ii) the making of an entry on the records of the Custodian to reflect such transfer and payment
for the account of the Fund. 

(e) The Custodian shall provide the Fund with copies of any report (obtained by the Custodian from a Book-Entry System or Securities Depository
in which Securities of the Fund are kept) on the internal accounting controls and procedures for safeguarding Securities deposited in
such Book-Entry System or Securities Depository. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Custodian shall be liable to the Fund for any loss or damage to the
Fund resulting from: (i) the use of a Book-Entry System or Securities Depository by reason of any negligence or willful misconduct on
the part of the Custodian or any Sub-Custodian; or (ii) failure of the Custodian or any Sub-Custodian to enforce effectively such rights
as it may have against a Book-Entry System or Securities Depository. At its election, the Fund shall be subrogated to the rights of the
Custodian with respect to any claim against a Book-Entry System or Securities Depository or any other person from any loss or damage to
the Fund arising from the use of such Book-Entry System or Securities Depository, if and to the extent that the Fund has not been made
whole for any such loss or damage. 

(g) With respect to its responsibilities under this Section 3.05 and pursuant to Rule 17f-4 under the 1940 Act, the Custodian
hereby warrants to the Fund that it agrees to (i) exercise due care in accordance with reasonable commercial standards in discharging
its duty as a securities intermediary to obtain and thereafter maintain such assets, (ii) provide, promptly upon request by the Fund,
such reports as are available concerning the Custodian s internal accounting controls and financial strength, and (iii) require
any Sub-Custodian to exercise due care in accordance with reasonable commercial standards in discharging its duty as a securities intermediary
to obtain and thereafter maintain assets corresponding to the security entitlements of its entitlement holders. 

8 

3.06 Disbursement
of Moneys from Fund Custody Account . Upon receipt of Written Instructions, the Custodian shall disburse moneys from the Fund Custody
Account but only in the following cases: 

(a) For the purchase of Securities for the Fund but only in accordance with Section 4.01 of this Agreement and only (i) in the case of
Securities (other than options on Securities, futures contracts and options on futures contracts), against the delivery to the Custodian
(or any Sub-Custodian) of such Securities registered as provided in Section 3.09 below or in proper form for transfer, or if the purchase
of such Securities is effected through a Book-Entry System or Securities Depository, in accordance with the conditions set forth in Section
3.05 above; (ii) in the case of options on Securities, against delivery to the Custodian (or any Sub-Custodian) of such receipts as are
required by the customs prevailing among dealers in such options; (iii) in the case of futures contracts and options on futures contracts,
against delivery to the Custodian (or any Sub-Custodian) of evidence of title thereto in favor of the Fund or any nominee referred to
in Section 3.09 below; and (iv) in the case of repurchase or reverse repurchase agreements entered into between the Fund and a bank that
is a member of the Federal Reserve System or between the Fund and a primary dealer in U.S. Government securities, against delivery of
the purchased Securities either in certificate form or through an entry crediting the Custodian's account at a Book-Entry System or Securities
Depository with such Securities; 

(b) In connection with the conversion, exchange or surrender, as set forth in Section 3.07(f) below, of Securities owned by the Fund; 

(c) For the payment of any dividends or capital gain distributions declared by the Fund; 

(d) In payment of the redemption price of Shares as provided in Section 5.01 below; 

(e) For the payment of any expense or liability incurred by the Fund, including, but not limited to, the following payments for the account
of the Fund: interest; taxes; administration, investment advisory, accounting, auditing, transfer agent, custodian, director and legal
fees; and other operating expenses of the Fund; in all cases, whether or not such expenses are to be in whole or in part capitalized or
treated as deferred expenses; 

(f) For transfer in accordance with the provisions of any agreement among the Fund, the Custodian and a broker-dealer registered under
the 1934 Act and a member of FINRA, relating to compliance with rules of the Options Clearing Corporation and of any registered national
securities exchange (or of any similar organization or organizations) regarding escrow or other arrangements in connection with transactions
by the Fund; 

9 

(g) For transfer in accordance with the provisions of any agreement among the Fund, the Custodian and a futures commission merchant registered
under the Commodity Exchange Act, relating to compliance with the rules of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and/or any contract
market (or any similar organization or organizations) regarding account deposits in connection with transactions by the Fund; 

(h) For the funding of any uncertificated time deposit or other interest-bearing account with any banking institution (including the Custodian),
which deposit or account has a term of one year or less; and 

(i) For any other proper purpose, but only upon receipt, in addition to Written Instructions, declaring such purpose to be a proper trust
purpose, and naming the person or persons to whom such payment is to be made. 

3.07 Delivery
of Securities from Fund Custody Account . Upon receipt of Written Instructions, the Custodian shall release and deliver, or cause the
Sub-Custodian to release and deliver, Securities from the Fund Custody Account or Loan Documents but only in the following cases: 

(a) Upon the sale of Securities for the account of the Fund but only against receipt of payment therefor in cash, by certified or cashiers
check or bank credit; 

(b) In the case of a sale effected through a Book-Entry System or Securities Depository, in accordance with the provisions of Section
3.05 above; 

(c) To an offeror s depository agent in connection with tender or other similar offers for Securities of the Fund; provided that,
in any such case, the cash or other consideration is to be delivered to the Custodian; 

(d) To the issuer thereof or its agent (i) for transfer into the name of the Fund, the Custodian or any Sub-Custodian, or any nominee
or nominees of any of the foregoing, or (ii) for exchange for a different number of certificates or other evidence representing the same
aggregate face amount or number of units; provided that, in any such case, the new Securities are to be delivered to the Custodian; 

(e) To the broker selling the Securities, for examination in accordance with the street delivery custom; 

(f) For exchange or conversion pursuant to any plan of merger, consolidation, recapitalization, reorganization or readjustment of the
issuer of such Securities, or pursuant to provisions for conversion contained in such Securities, or pursuant to any deposit agreement,
including surrender or receipt of underlying Securities in connection with the issuance or cancellation of depository receipts; provided
that, in any such case, the new Securities and cash, if any, are to be delivered to the Custodian; 

10 

(g) Upon receipt of payment therefor pursuant to any repurchase or reverse repurchase agreement entered into by the Fund; 

(h) In the case of warrants, rights or similar Securities, upon the exercise thereof, provided that, in any such case, the new Securities
and cash, if any, are to be delivered to the Custodian; 

(i) For delivery in connection with any loans of Securities of the Fund, but only against receipt of such collateral as the Fund shall
have specified to the Custodian in Written Instructions; 

(j) For delivery as security in connection with any borrowings by the Fund requiring a pledge of assets by the Fund, but only against
receipt by the Custodian of the amounts borrowed; 

(k) Pursuant to any authorized plan of liquidation, reorganization, merger, consolidation or recapitalization of the Fund; 

(l) For delivery in accordance with the provisions of any agreement among the Fund, the Custodian and a broker-dealer registered under
the 1934 Act and a member of FINRA, relating to compliance with the rules of the Options Clearing Corporation and of any registered national
securities exchange (or of any similar organization or organizations) regarding escrow or other arrangements in connection with transactions
by the Fund; 

(m) For delivery in accordance with the provisions of any agreement among the Fund, the Custodian and a futures commission merchant registered
under the Commodity Exchange Act, relating to compliance with the rules of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and/or any contract
market (or any similar organization or organizations) regarding account deposits in connection with transactions by the Fund; 

(n) For any other proper corporate purpose, but only upon receipt, in addition to Written Instructions, specifying the Securities to be
delivered, declaring such purpose to be a proper trust purpose, and naming the person or persons to whom delivery of such Securities shall
be made; or 

(o) To brokers, clearing banks or other clearing agents for examination or trade execution in accordance with market custom; provided
that in any such case the Custodian shall have no responsibility or liability for any loss arising from the delivery of such securities
prior to receiving payment for such securities except as may arise from the Custodian s own negligence or willful misconduct. 

11 

3.08 Actions
Not Requiring Written Instructions . Unless otherwise instructed by the Fund, the Custodian shall with respect to all Securities held
for the Fund: 

(a) Subject to Section 9.04 below, collect on a timely basis all income and other payments to which the Fund is entitled either by law
or pursuant to custom in the securities business; 

(b) Present for payment and, subject to Section 9.04 below, collect on a timely basis the amount payable upon all Securities that may
mature or be called, redeemed, or retired, or otherwise become payable; 

(c) Endorse for collection, in the name of the Fund, checks, drafts and other negotiable instruments; 

(d) Surrender interim receipts or Securities in temporary form for Securities in definitive form; 

(e) Execute, as custodian, any necessary declarations or certificates of ownership under the federal income tax laws or the laws or regulations
of any other taxing authority now or hereafter in effect, and prepare and submit reports to the IRS and the Fund at such time, in such
manner and containing such information as is prescribed by the IRS; 

(f) Hold for the Fund, either directly or, with respect to Securities held therein, through a Book-Entry System or Securities Depository,
all rights and similar Securities issued with respect to Securities of the Fund; and 

(g) In general, and except as otherwise directed in Written Instructions, attend to all non-discretionary details in connection with the
sale, exchange, substitution, purchase, transfer and other dealings with Securities and other assets of the Fund. 

(h) Important information related to ADR s and Preferential Tax Treatment: With respect to any ADR s you may purchase
and own and which U.S. Bank (the Bank custodies on your behalf, you understand that the holding of American Depository
Receipts ADRs may require the disclosure of your beneficial ownership information (Name, Address, TIN/SSN, Share
amount) by U.S. Bank to vendors, sub-custodians, or local tax authorities in foreign jurisdictions to avoid tax penalties and obtain for
you the most preferential tax treatment. You acknowledge and consent to any and all disclosures or releases of beneficial information,
described above, by U.S. Bank to any third parties relating to ADRs and release, hold harmless, and indemnify the Bank from any liability
for doing so. 

3.09 Registration
and Transfer of Securities . All Securities held for the Fund that are issued or issuable only in bearer form shall be held by the
Custodian in that form, provided that any such Securities (other than Loans) shall be held in a Book-Entry System if eligible therefor.
All other Securities held for the Fund may be registered in the name of the Fund, the Custodian, a Sub-Custodian or any nominee thereof,
or in the name of a Book-Entry System, Securities Depository or any nominee of either thereof. The records of the Custodian with respect
to the Fund s Foreign Securities that are maintained with a Sub-Custodian in an account that is identified as belonging to the Custodian
for the benefit of its customers shall identify those securities as belonging to the Fund. The Fund shall furnish to the Custodian appropriate
instruments to enable the Custodian to hold or deliver in proper form for transfer, or to register in the name of any of the nominees
referred to above or in the name of a Book-Entry System or Securities Depository, any Securities (other than Loans) registered in the
name of the Fund. 

12 

3.10 Records . 

(a) The Custodian shall maintain complete and accurate records with respect to Securities, cash or other property held for the Fund, including
(i) journals or other records of original entry containing an itemized daily record in detail of all receipts and deliveries of Securities
and all receipts and disbursements of cash; (ii) ledgers (or other records) reflecting (A) Securities in transfer, (B) Securities in physical
possession, (C) monies and Securities borrowed and monies and Securities loaned (together with a record of the collateral therefor and
substitutions of such collateral), (D) dividends and interest received, and (E) dividends receivable and interest receivable; (iii) canceled
checks and bank records related thereto; and (iv) all records relating to its activities and obligations under this Agreement. The Custodian
shall keep such other books and records of the Fund as the Fund shall reasonably request, or as may be required by the 1940 Act, including,
but not limited to, Section 31 of the 1940 Act and Rule 31a-2 promulgated thereunder. 

(b) All such books and records maintained by the Custodian shall (i) be maintained in a form acceptable to the Fund and in compliance
with the rules and regulations of the SEC, (ii) be the property of the Fund and at all times during the regular business hours of the
Custodian be made available upon request for inspection by duly authorized officers, employees or agents of the Fund and employees or
agents of the SEC, and (iii) if required to be maintained by Rule 31a-1 under the 1940 Act, be preserved for the periods prescribed in
Rules 31a-1 and 31a-2 under the 1940 Act. 

3.11 Fund
Reports by Custodian . The Custodian shall furnish the Fund with a daily activity statement and a summary of all transfers to or from
each Fund Custody Account on the day following such transfers. At least monthly, the Custodian shall furnish the Fund with a detailed
statement of the Securities and moneys held by the Custodian and the Sub-Custodians for the Fund under this Agreement. 

3.12 Other
Reports by Custodian . As the Fund may reasonably request from time to time, the Custodian shall provide the Fund with reports on the
internal accounting controls and procedures for safeguarding Securities which are employed by the Custodian or any Sub-Custodian. 

3.13 Proxies
and Other Materials . The Custodian shall cause all proxies relating to Securities (excluding Loans) which are not registered in the
name of the Fund to be promptly executed by the registered holder of such Securities (excluding Loans), without indication of the manner
in which such proxies are to be voted, and shall promptly deliver to the Fund such proxies, all proxy soliciting materials and all notices
relating to such Securities. With respect to the foreign Securities, the Custodian will use reasonable commercial efforts to facilitate
the exercise of voting and other shareholder rights, subject to the laws, regulations and practical constraints that may exist in the
country where such securities are issued. The Fund acknowledges that local conditions, including lack of regulation, onerous procedural
obligations, lack of notice and other factors may have the effect of severely limiting the ability of the Fund to exercise shareholder
rights. 

13 

3.14 Information
on Corporate Actions . The Custodian shall promptly deliver to the Fund all information received by the Custodian and pertaining to
Securities being held by the Fund with respect to optional tender or exchange offers, calls for redemption or purchase or expiration of
rights. If the Fund desires to take action with respect to any tender offer, exchange offer or other similar transaction, the Fund shall
notify the Custodian at least three Business Days prior to the date on which the Custodian is to take such action. The Fund will provide
or cause to be provided to the Custodian all relevant information for any Security which has unique put/option provisions at least three
Business Days prior to the beginning date of the tender period. The Custodian shall have no duty or obligation hereunder to take any action
on behalf of the Fund, to communicate on behalf of the Fund, to collect amounts or proceeds in respect of, or otherwise to interact or
exercise rights or remedies on behalf of the Fund, with respect to any Loans. All such actions and communications are the responsibility
of the Fund. 

ARTICLE IV. 

PURCHASE AND SALE OF INVESTMENTS
OF THE FUND 

4.01 Purchase of Securities . Promptly upon each purchase of Securities (other than Loans) for the Fund, Written Instructions shall
be delivered to the Custodian, specifying (i) the name of the issuer or writer of such Securities, and the title or other description
thereof, (ii) the number of shares, principal amount (and accrued interest, if any) or other units purchased, (iii) the date of purchase
and settlement, (iv) the purchase price per unit, (v) the total amount payable upon such purchase, and (vi) the name of the person to
whom such amount is payable. The Custodian shall upon receipt of such Securities purchased by the Fund pay out of the moneys held for
the account of the Fund the total amount specified in such Written Instructions to the person named therein. The Custodian shall not be
under any obligation to pay out moneys to cover the cost of a purchase of Securities for the Fund, if in the Fund Custody Account there
is insufficient cash available to the Fund for which such purchase was made. 

(a) In connection with its acquisition of a Loan or other delivery of a Security constituting a Loan, the Fund shall deliver or cause
to be delivered to the Custodian a properly completed Loan Trade Confirmation containing such information in respect of such Loan as the
Custodian may reasonably require in order to enable the Custodian to perform its duties hereunder in respect of such Loan on which the
Custodian may conclusively rely without further inquiry or investigation, in such form and format as the Custodian reasonably may require,
and may, but is not required, deliver to the Custodian the Loan Documents for all Loans, including the Loan Checklist.. 

14 

(b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, delivery of Loans acquired by the Fund which constitute Noteless Loans or Participations
or which are otherwise not evidenced by a security or instrument as defined in Section 8-102 and Section 9-102(a)(47)
of the UCC, respectively, shall be made by delivery to the Custodian of (i) in the case of a Noteless Loan, a copy of the loan register
with respect to such Noteless Loan evidencing registration of such Loan on the books and records of the applicable obligor or bank agent
to the name of the Fund (or its nominee) or a copy (which may be a facsimile copy) of an assignment agreement in favor of the Fund as
assignee, and (ii) in the case of a Participation, a copy of the related participation agreement. Any duty on the part of the Custodian
with respect to the custody of such Loans shall be limited to the exercise of reasonable care by the Custodian in the physical custody
of any loan documents including any related instrument, security, credit agreement, assignment agreement and/or other agreements or documents,
if any (collectively, Financing Documents ), that may be delivered to it. Nothing herein shall require the Custodian
to credit to the Securities Account or to treat as a financial asset (within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC) any such Loan
or other asset in the nature of a general intangible (as defined in Section 9-102(a)(42) of the UCC) or to maintain a sufficient
quantity thereof. 

(c) The Custodian may assume the genuineness of any such Financing Document it may receive and the genuineness and due authority of any
signatures appearing thereon, and shall be entitled to assume that each such Financing Document it may receive is what it purports to
be. If an original security or instrument as defined in Section 8-102 and Section 9-102(a)(47) of the UCC,
respectively, is or shall be or become available with respect to any Loan to be held by the Custodian under this Agreement, it shall be
the sole responsibility of the Fund to make or cause delivery thereof to the Custodian, and the Custodian shall not be under any obligation
at any time to determine whether any such original security or instrument has been or is required to be issued or made available in respect
of any Loan or to compel or cause delivery thereof to the Custodian. 

(d) Contemporaneously with the acquisition of any Loan, the Fund may (i) cause the copies of the loan documents evidencing such Loan to
be delivered to the Custodian; (ii) if requested by the Custodian, provide to the Custodian an amortization schedule of principal payments
and a schedule of the interest payable date(s) identifying the amount and due dates of all scheduled principal and interest payments for
such Loan and (iii) a properly completed Loan Trade Confirmation containing such information in respect of such Loan as the Custodian
may reasonably require in order to enable the Custodian to perform its duties hereunder in respect of such Loan on which the Custodian
may conclusively rely without further inquiry or investigation, in such form and format as the Custodian reasonably may require; (iv)
take all actions reasonably necessary for the Fund to acquire good title to such Loan; and (v) take all actions as may be reasonably necessary
(including appropriate payment notices and instructions to bank agents or other applicable paying agents) to cause (A) all payments in
respect of the Loan to be made to the Custodian and (B) all notices, solicitations and other communications in respect of such Loan to
be directed to the Fund. The Custodian shall have no liability for any delay or failure on the part of the Fund to provide necessary information
to the Custodian, or for any inaccuracy therein or incompleteness thereof, or for any delay or failure on the part of the Fund to give
such effective payment instruction to bank agents and other paying agents, in respect of the Loans. With respect to each such Loan, the
Custodian shall be entitled to rely on any information and notices it may receive from time to time from the related bank agent, obligor
or similar party with respect to the related Loan Asset, and shall be entitled to update its records (as it may deem necessary or appropriate),
or from the Fund, on the basis of such information or notices received, without any obligation on its part independently to verify, investigate
or recalculate such information. 

15 

4.02 Liability
for Payment in Advance of Receipt of Securities Purchased . In any and every case where payment for the purchase of Securities for
the Fund is made by the Custodian in advance of receipt of the Securities purchased and in the absence of specified Written Instructions
to so pay in advance, the Custodian shall be liable to the Fund for such payment. 

4.03 Sale
of Securities . Promptly upon each sale of Securities by the Fund, Written Instructions shall be delivered to the Custodian, specifying:
(i) the name of the issuer or writer of such Securities, and the title or other description thereof; (ii) the number of shares, principal
amount (and accrued interest, if any), or other units sold; (iii) the date of sale and settlement, (iv) the sale price per unit; (v) the
total amount payable upon such sale; and (vi) the person to whom such Securities are to be delivered. Upon receipt of the total amount
payable to the Fund as specified in such Written Instructions, the Custodian shall deliver such Securities to the person specified in
such Written Instructions. Subject to the foregoing, the Custodian may accept payment in such form as shall be satisfactory to it, and
may deliver Securities and arrange for payment in accordance with the customs prevailing among dealers in Securities. 

4.04 Delivery
of Securities Sold . Notwithstanding Section 4.03 above or any other provision of this Agreement, the Custodian, when instructed to
deliver Securities (excluding Loans) against payment, shall be entitled, if in accordance with generally accepted market practice, to
deliver such Securities (excluding Loans) prior to actual receipt of final payment therefor. In any such case, the Fund shall bear the
risk that final payment for such Securities may not be made or that such Securities may be returned or otherwise held or disposed of by
or through the person to whom they were delivered, and the Custodian shall have no liability for any for the foregoing. 

4.05 Payment
for Securities Sold . In its sole discretion and from time to time, the Custodian may credit the Fund Custody Account, prior to actual
receipt of final payment thereof, with: (i) proceeds from the sale of Securities which it has been instructed to deliver against payment;
(ii) proceeds from the redemption of Securities or other assets of the Fund; and (iii) income from cash, Securities or other assets of
the Fund. Any such credit shall be conditional upon actual receipt by Custodian of final payment and may be reversed if final payment
is not actually received in full. The Custodian may, in its sole discretion and from time to time, permit the Fund to use funds so credited
to the Fund Custody Account in anticipation of actual receipt of final payment. Any such funds shall be repayable immediately upon demand
made by the Custodian at any time prior to the actual receipt of all final payments in anticipation of which funds were credited to the
Fund Custody Account. 

16 

4.06 Advances
by Custodian for Settlement . The Custodian may, in its sole discretion and from time to time, advance funds to the Fund to facilitate
the settlement of the Fund's transactions in the Fund Custody Account. Any such advance shall be repayable immediately upon demand made
by Custodian. 

ARTICLE V. 

REDEMPTION OF FUND SHARES 

5.01 Transfer
of Funds . From such funds as may be available for the purpose in the relevant Fund Custody Account, and upon receipt of Written Instructions
specifying that the funds are required to redeem Shares of the Fund, the Custodian shall wire each amount specified in such Written Instructions
to or through such bank or broker-dealer as the Fund may designate. 

5.02 No
Duty Regarding Paying Banks . Once the Custodian has wired amounts to a bank or broker-dealer pursuant to Section 5.01 above,
the Custodian shall not be under any obligation to effect any further payment or distribution by such bank or broker-dealer. 

ARTICLE VI. 

SEGREGATED ACCOUNTS 

Upon receipt of Written Instructions, the Custodian
shall establish and maintain a segregated account or accounts for and on behalf of the Fund, into which account or accounts may be transferred
cash and/or Securities, including Securities maintained in a Depository Account: 

(a) in accordance with the provisions of any agreement among the Fund, the Custodian and a broker-dealer registered under the 1934 Act
and a member of FINRA (or any futures commission merchant registered under the Commodity Exchange Act), relating to compliance with the
rules of the Options Clearing Corporation and of any registered national securities exchange (or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission
or any registered contract market), or of any similar organization or organizations, regarding escrow or other arrangements in connection
with transactions by the Fund; 

(b) for purposes of segregating cash or Securities in connection with securities options purchased or written by the Fund or in connection
with financial futures contracts (or options thereon) purchased or sold by the Fund; 

(c) which constitute collateral for loans of Securities made by the Fund; 

(d) for purposes of compliance by the Fund with requirements under the 1940 Act for the maintenance of segregated accounts by registered
investment companies in connection with reverse repurchase agreements and when-issued, delayed delivery and firm commitment transactions;
and 

(e) for other proper trust purposes, but only upon receipt of Written Instructions, setting forth the purpose or purposes of such segregated
account and declaring such purposes to be proper trust purposes. 

17 

Each segregated account established under this
Article VI shall be established and maintained for the Fund only. All Written Instructions relating to a segregated account shall specify
the Fund. 

ARTICLE VII. 

COMPENSATION OF CUSTODIAN 

7.01 Compensation .
The Custodian shall be compensated for providing the services set forth in this Agreement in accordance with the fee schedule set forth
on Exhibit A hereto (as amended from time to time). The Custodian shall also be compensated for such miscellaneous expenses (e.g.,
telecommunication charges, postage and delivery charges, and reproduction charges) as are reasonably incurred by the Custodian in performing
its duties hereunder. The Fund shall pay all such fees and reimbursable expenses within 30 calendar days following receipt of the billing
notice, except for any fee or expense subject to a good faith dispute. The Fund shall notify the Custodian in writing within 30 calendar
days following receipt of each invoice if the Fund is disputing any amounts in good faith. The Fund shall pay such disputed amounts within
10 calendar days of the day on which the parties agree to the amount to be paid. With the exception of any fee or expense the Fund is
disputing in good faith as set forth above, unpaid invoices shall accrue a finance change of 1 per month after the due date. 

7.02 Overdrafts .
The Fund is responsible for maintaining an appropriate level of short term cash investments to accommodate cash outflows. The Fund may
obtain a formal line of credit for potential overdrafts of its custody account. In the event of an overdraft or in the event the line
of credit is insufficient to cover an overdraft, the overdraft amount or the overdraft amount that exceeds the line of credit will be
charged in accordance with the fee schedule set forth on Exhibit A hereto (as amended from time to time) 

ARTICLE VIII. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

8.01 Representations
and Warranties of the Fund . The Fund hereby represents and warrants to the Custodian, which representations and warranties shall be
deemed to be continuing throughout the term of this Agreement, that: 

(a) It is duly organized and existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, with full power to carry on its business
as now conducted, to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder; 

18 

(b) This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Fund in accordance with all requisite action and constitutes
a valid and legally binding obligation of the Fund, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and other laws of general application affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and secured parties; and 

(c) It is conducting its business in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations, both state and federal,
and has obtained all regulatory approvals necessary to carry on its business as now conducted; there is no statute, rule, regulation,
order or judgment binding on it and no provision of its charter, bylaws or any contract binding it or affecting its property which would
prohibit its execution or performance of this Agreement. 

8.02 Representations
and Warranties of the Custodian . The Custodian hereby represents and warrants to the Fund, which representations and warranties shall
be deemed to be continuing throughout the term of this Agreement, that: 

(a) It is duly organized and existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, with full power to carry on its business
as now conducted, to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder; 

(b) It is a U.S. Bank as defined in section (a)(7) of Rule 17f-5. 

(c) This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Custodian in accordance with all requisite action and constitutes
a valid and legally binding obligation of the Custodian, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and secured parties; and 

(d) It is conducting its business in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations, both state and federal,
and has obtained all regulatory approvals necessary to carry on its business as now conducted; there is no statute, rule, regulation,
order or judgment binding on it and no provision of its charter, bylaws or any contract binding it or affecting its property which would
prohibit its execution or performance of this Agreement. 

19 

ARTICLE IX. 

CONCERNING THE CUSTODIAN 

9.01 Standard
of Care . The Custodian shall exercise reasonable care in the performance of its duties under this Agreement. The Custodian shall not
be liable for any error of judgment, mistake of law, shareholder fraud, or for any loss suffered by the Fund in connection with its duties
under this Agreement, except a loss arising out of or relating to the Custodian s (or a Sub-Custodian s) refusal or failure
to comply with the terms of this Agreement (or any sub-custody agreement) or from its (or a Sub-Custodian s) bad faith, negligence
or willful misconduct in the performance of its duties under this Agreement (or any sub-custody agreement). The Custodian shall be entitled
to rely on and may act upon advice of counsel on all matters, and shall be without liability for any action reasonably taken or omitted
pursuant to such advice. The Custodian shall promptly notify the Fund of any action taken or omitted by the Custodian pursuant to advice
of counsel. 

9.02 Actual
Collection Required . The Custodian shall not be liable for, or considered to be the custodian of, any cash belonging to the Fund or
any money represented by a check, draft or other instrument for the payment of money, until the Custodian or its agents actually receive
such cash or collect on such instrument. 

9.03 No
Responsibility for Title, etc. So long as and to the extent that it is in the exercise of reasonable care, the Custodian shall not
be responsible for the title, validity or genuineness of any property or evidence of title thereto received or delivered by it pursuant
to this Agreement. 

9.04 Limitation
on Duty to Collect . Custodian shall not be required to enforce collection, by legal means or otherwise, of any money or property due
and payable with respect to Securities held for the Fund if such Securities are in default or payment is not made after due demand or
presentation. 

9.05 Reliance
Upon Documents and Instructions . The Custodian shall be entitled to rely upon any certificate, notice or other instrument in writing
received by it and reasonably believed by it to be genuine. The Custodian shall be entitled to rely upon any Written Instructions actually
received by it pursuant to this Agreement. 

9.06 Cooperation .
The Custodian shall cooperate with and supply necessary information to the entity or entities appointed by the Fund to keep the books
of account of the Fund and/or compute the value of the assets of the Fund. The Custodian shall take all such reasonable actions as the
Fund may from time to time request to enable the Fund to obtain, from year to year, favorable opinions from the Fund's independent accountants
with respect to the Custodian's activities hereunder in connection with (i) the preparation any reports required by the SEC, and (ii)
the fulfillment by the Fund of any other requirements of the SEC. 

20 

ARTICLE X. 

INDEMNIFICATION 

10.01 Indemnification
by Fund . The Fund shall indemnify and hold harmless the Custodian, any Sub-Custodian and any nominee thereof (each, an Indemnified
Party and collectively, the Indemnified Parties from and against any and all claims, demands, losses, reasonable
expenses and liabilities of any and every nature (including reasonable attorneys' fees) that an Indemnified Party may sustain or incur
or that may be asserted against an Indemnified Party by any person arising directly or indirectly (i) from the fact that Securities are
registered in the name of any such nominee, (ii) from any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Custodian or such Sub-Custodian (a)
at the request or direction of or in reliance on the advice of the Fund, or (b) upon Written Instructions, or (iii) from the performance
of its obligations under this Agreement or any sub-custody agreement, provided that neither the Custodian nor any such Sub-Custodian shall
be indemnified and held harmless from and against any such claim, demand, loss, expense or liability arising out of or relating to its
refusal or failure to comply with the terms of this Agreement (or any sub-custody agreement), or from its bad faith, negligence or willful
misconduct in the performance of its duties under this Agreement (or any sub-custody agreement). This indemnity shall be a continuing
obligation of the Fund, its successors and assigns, notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement. As used in this paragraph, the
terms Custodian and Sub-Custodian shall include their respective directors, officers and employees. 

10.02 Indemnification
by Custodian . The Custodian shall indemnify and hold harmless the Fund from and against any and all claims, demands, losses, expenses,
and liabilities of any and every nature (including reasonable attorneys fees) that the Fund may sustain or incur or that may be
asserted against the Fund by any person arising directly or indirectly out of any action taken or omitted to be taken by an Indemnified
Party as a result of the Indemnified Party s refusal or failure to comply with the terms of this Agreement (or any sub-custody agreement),
or from its bad faith, negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of its duties under this Agreement (or any sub-custody agreement).
This indemnity shall be a continuing obligation of the Custodian, its successors and assigns, notwithstanding the termination of this
Agreement. As used in this paragraph, the term Fund shall include the Fund s directors, officers and employees. 

10.03 Security .
If the Custodian advances cash or Securities to the Fund for any purpose, either at the Fund's request or as otherwise contemplated in
this Agreement, or in the event that the Custodian or its nominee incurs, in connection with its performance under this Agreement, any
claim, demand, loss, expense or liability (including reasonable attorneys' fees) (except such as may arise from its or its nominee's bad
faith, negligence or willful misconduct), then, in any such event, any property at any time held for the account of the Fund shall be
security therefor, and should the Fund fail to promptly repay or indemnify the Custodian, the Custodian shall be entitled to utilize available
cash of such Fund and to dispose of other assets of such Fund to the extent necessary to obtain reimbursement or indemnification. 

10.04 Miscellaneous . 

(a) Neither party to this Agreement shall be liable to the other party for consequential, special or punitive damages under any provision
of this Agreement. 

(b) The indemnity provisions of this Article shall indefinitely survive the termination and/or assignment of this Agreement. 

21 

(c) In order that the indemnification provisions contained in this Article shall apply, it is understood that if in any case the indemnitor
may be asked to indemnify or hold the indemnitee harmless, the indemnitor shall be fully and promptly advised of all pertinent facts concerning
the situation in question, and it is further understood that the indemnitee will use all reasonable care to notify the indemnitor promptly
concerning any situation that presents or appears likely to present the probability of a claim for indemnification. The indemnitor shall
have the option to defend the indemnitee against any claim that may be the subject of this indemnification. In the event that the indemnitor
so elects, it will so notify the indemnitee and thereupon the indemnitor shall take over complete defense of the claim, and the indemnitee
shall in such situation initiate no further legal or other expenses for which it shall seek indemnification under this Article X. The
indemnitee shall in no case confess any claim or make any compromise in any case in which the indemnitor will be asked to indemnify the
indemnitee except with the indemnitor s prior written consent. 

ARTICLE XI. 

FORCE MAJEURE 

Neither the Custodian nor the Fund shall be liable
for any failure or delay in performance of its obligations under this Agreement arising out of or caused, directly or indirectly, by circumstances
beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, acts of God; earthquakes; fires; floods; wars; civil or military disturbances;
acts of terrorism; sabotage; strikes; epidemics; riots; power failures; computer failure and any such circumstances beyond its reasonable
control as may cause interruption, loss or malfunction of utility, transportation, computer (hardware or software) or telephone communication
service; accidents; labor disputes; acts of civil or military authority; governmental actions; or inability to obtain labor, material,
equipment or transportation; provided, however, that in the event of a failure or delay, the Custodian: (i) shall not discriminate against
the Fund in favor of any other customer of the Custodian in making computer time and personnel available to input or process the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement; and (ii) shall use its best efforts to ameliorate the effects of any such failure or delay. 

ARTICLE XII. 

PROPRIETARY AND
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 

12.01 The
Custodian agrees on behalf of itself and its directors, officers, and employees to treat confidentially and as proprietary information
of the Fund, all records and other information relative to the Fund and prior, present, or potential shareholders of the BDC (and clients
of said shareholders), and members of the Subsidiary, and not to use such records and information for any purpose other than the performance
of its responsibilities and duties hereunder, except: (i) after prior notification to and approval in writing by the Fund, which approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld and may not be withheld where the Custodian may be exposed to civil or criminal contempt proceedings
for failure to comply; (ii) when requested to divulge such information by duly constituted governmental or regulatory authorities with
jurisdiction over the Custodian, although the Custodian will promptly report such disclosure to the Fund if disclosure is permitted by
applicable law and regulation; or (iii) when so requested by the Fund. Records and other information which have become known to the public
through no wrongful act of the Custodian or any of its employees, agents or representatives, and information that was already in the possession
of the Custodian prior to receipt thereof from the Fund or its agent, shall not be subject to this paragraph. 

22 

12.02 Further,
the Custodian will adhere to the privacy policies adopted by the Fund pursuant to Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, as may be modified
from time to time. In this regard, the Custodian shall have in place and maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards reasonably
designed to protect the security, confidentiality and integrity of, and to prevent unauthorized access to or use of, records and information
relating to the Fund and its shareholders. The Fund agrees on behalf of itself and its directors, officers, and employees to treat confidentially
and as proprietary information of the Custodian, all non-public information relative to the Custodian (including, without limitation,
information regarding the Custodian s pricing, products, services, customers, suppliers, financial statements, processes, know-how,
trade secrets, market opportunities, past, present or future research, development or business plans, affairs, operations, systems, computer
software in source code and object code form, documentation, techniques, procedures, designs, drawings, specifications, schematics, processes
and/or intellectual property), and not to use such information for any purpose other than in connection with the services provided under
this Agreement, except (i) after prior notification to and approval in writing by the Custodian, which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld and may not be withheld where the Fund may be exposed to civil or criminal contempt proceedings for failure to comply, (ii) when
requested to divulge such information by duly constituted authorities, or (iii) when so requested by the Custodian. Information which
has become known to the public through no wrongful act of the Fund or any of its employees, agents or representatives, and information
that was already in the possession of the Fund prior to receipt thereof from the Custodian, shall not be subject to this paragraph. 

12.03 Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Fund shall be permitted to disclose the identity of the Custodian as a service provider, redacted
copies of this Agreement, and such other information as may be required in the Fund s registration or offering documents, or as
may otherwise be required by applicable law, rule, or regulation, and (ii) the Custodian shall be permitted to include the name of the
Fund in lists of representative clients in due diligence questionnaires, RFP responses, presentations, and other marketing and promotional
purposes. 

ARTICLE XIII. 

EFFECTIVE PERIOD;
TERMINATION 

13.01 Effective
Period . This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and will continue in effect for a period of three (3) years. 

13.02 Termination . 

(a) Following the initial term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one (1) year terms unless either party provides
written notice at least 90 days prior to the end of the then current term that it will not be renewing the Agreement. 

(b) Subject to Section 13.03, this Agreement may be terminated by either party upon giving 90 days prior written notice to the
other party or such shorter notice period as is mutually agreed upon by the parties. 

(c) The Custodian may terminate this Agreement immediately if the continued service of the Fund would cause the Custodian or any of its
affiliates to be in violation of any applicable law, rule, regulation, or order of any governmental, regulatory or judicial authority
of competent jurisdiction, provided that in such event the Custodian shall, to the extent it is legally permitted and able to do so, provide
reasonable assistance to transition the Fund to a successor service provider. 

23 

(d) This Agreement may be terminated by any party upon the breach of the other party of any material term of this Agreement if such breach
is not cured within 15 days of notice of such breach to the breaching party. 

(e) The Fund may, at any time, immediately terminate this Agreement in the event of the appointment of a conservator or receiver for the
Custodian by regulatory authorities or upon the happening of a like event at the direction of an appropriate regulatory agency or court
of competent jurisdiction. 

13.03 Early
Termination . In the absence of any material breach of this agreement, should the Fund elect to terminate this Agreement prior to the
end of the then current term other than termination in accordance with Section 13.02(d) or (e) above, the Fund agrees to pay the following
fees: 

a) All monthly fees through the life of the Agreement, including the repayment of any negotiated discounts (provided that no such fees
shall be paid with respect following the liquidation of the Fund); 

b) All miscellaneous fees associated with converting services to a successor service provider; 

c) All fees associated with any record retention and/or tax reporting obligations that may not be eliminated due to the conversion to
a successor service provider; 

d) All miscellaneous costs associated with a) through c) above 

13.04 Appointment
of Successor Custodian . If a successor custodian shall have been appointed by the Board of Directors, the Custodian shall, upon receipt
of a notice from the of acceptance by the successor custodian, on such specified date of termination (i) deliver directly to the successor
custodian all Securities (other than Securities held in a Book-Entry System or Securities Depository) and cash then owned by the Fund
and held by the Custodian as custodian, and (ii) transfer any Securities held in a Book-Entry System or Securities Depository to an account
of or for the benefit of the Fund at the successor custodian, provided that the Fund shall have paid to the Custodian all fees, expenses
and other amounts to the payment or reimbursement of which it shall then be entitled. In addition, the Custodian shall, at the expense
of the Fund, transfer to such successor all relevant books, records, correspondence, and other data established or maintained by the Custodian
under this Agreement in a form reasonably acceptable to the Fund (if such form differs from the form in which the Custodian has maintained
the same, the Fund shall pay any expenses associated with transferring the data to such form), and will cooperate in the transfer of such
duties and responsibilities, including provision for assistance from the Custodian s personnel in the establishment of books, records,
and other data by such successor. Upon such delivery and transfer, the Custodian shall be relieved of all obligations under this Agreement. 

24 

13.05 Failure
to Appoint Successor Custodian . If a successor custodian is not designated by the Fund on or before the date of termination of this
Agreement, then the Custodian shall have the right to deliver to a bank or trust company of its own selection, which bank or trust company:
(i) is a bank as defined in the 1940 Act; and (ii) has aggregate capital, surplus and undivided profits as shown on its
most recent published report of not less than 25 million, all Securities, cash and other property held by the Custodian under this Agreement
and to transfer to an account of or for the Fund at such bank or trust company all Securities of the Fund held in a Book-Entry System
or Securities Depository. Upon such delivery and transfer, such bank or trust company shall be the successor custodian under this Agreement
and the Custodian shall be relieved of all obligations under this Agreement. In addition, under these circumstances, all books, records
and other data of the Fund shall be returned to the Fund. 

ARTICLE XIV. 

CLASS ACTIONS 

The Custodian shall use its best efforts to identify
and file claims for the Fund involving any class action litigation that impacts any security the Fund may have held during the class period.
The Fund agrees that the Custodian may file such claims on its behalf and understands that it may be waiving and/or releasing certain
rights to make claims or otherwise pursue class action defendants who settle their claims. Further, the Fund acknowledges that there is
no guarantee these claims will result in any payment or partial payment of potential class action proceeds and that the timing of such
payment, if any, is uncertain. 

However, the Fund may instruct the Custodian to
distribute class action notices and other relevant documentation to the Fund or its designee and, if it so elects, will relieve the Custodian
from any and all liability and responsibility for filing class action claims on behalf of the Fund. 

ARTICLE XV. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

15.01 Compliance
with Laws . The Fund has and retains primary responsibility for all compliance matters relating to the Fund, including but not limited
to compliance with the 1940 Act, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the USA Patriot Act of 2001 and the
policies and limitations of the Fund relating to its portfolio investments as set forth in its private placement memorandum. The Custodian s
services hereunder shall not relieve the Fund of its responsibilities for assuring such compliance or the Board of Director s oversight
responsibility with respect thereto. The Fund shall immediately notify the Custodian if the investment strategy of the Fund materially
changes or deviates from the investment strategy that causes the Fund to provide notification to its shareholders in a filing with the
SEC, or if it becomes subject to any new law, rule, regulation, or order of a governmental or judicial authority of competent jurisdiction
that materially impacts the operations of the Fund or the services provided under this Agreement. Further the Fund agrees that it complies
with any and all applicable local, state, federal, and international data protection laws, and confirms necessary and appropriate consents,
disclosures and notices are in place to enable collection and processing of personal data by the Custodian. The Custodian s functions
hereunder shall not relieve the Fund of their primary day-to-day responsibility for assuring such compliance. Further the Fund agrees
that it complies with any and all applicable local, state, federal, and international data protection laws, and confirms necessary and
appropriate consents, disclosures and notices are in place to enable collection and processing of personal data by the Custodian. The
Custodian s functions hereunder shall not relieve the Fund of their primary day-to-day responsibility for assuring such compliance. 

25 

15.02 Amendment . This Agreement may not be
amended or modified in any manner except by written agreement executed by the Custodian and the Fund, and authorized or approved by the
Board of Directors. 

15.03 Assignment .
This Agreement shall extend to and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns; provided, however,
that this Agreement shall not be assignable by the Fund without the written consent of the Custodian, or by the Custodian without the
written consent of the Fund accompanied by the authorization or approval of the Board of Directors. 

15.04 Governing Law . This Agreement shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of law principles. To the
extent that the applicable laws of the State of New York, or any of the provisions herein, conflict with the applicable provisions of
the 1940 Act, the latter shall control, and nothing herein shall be construed in a manner inconsistent with the 1940 Act or any rule or
order of the SEC thereunder. 

15.05 No Agency Relationship . Nothing herein
contained shall be deemed to authorize or empower either party to act as agent for the other party to this Agreement, or to conduct business
in the name, or for the account, of the other party to this Agreement. 

15.06 Services Not Exclusive . Nothing in this
Agreement shall limit or restrict the Custodian from providing services to other parties that are similar or identical to some or all
of the services provided hereunder. 

15.07 Invalidity. 
Any provision of this Agreement which may be determined by competent authority to be prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall,
as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions
hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in
any other jurisdiction. In such case, the parties shall in good faith modify or substitute such provision consistent with the original
intent of the parties. 

26 

15.08 Notices . Any notice required or permitted
to be given by either party to the other shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given on the date delivered personally or
by courier service, or three days after sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or on the date
sent and confirmed received by facsimile transmission to the other party s address set forth below: 

Notice to the Custodian shall be sent
to: 

U.S Bank, N.A. 

 1555 N. Rivercenter Dr., MK-WI-S302 

 Milwaukee, WI 53212 

 Attn: Tom Fuller 

 Phone: 414-905-6118 

 Fax: 866-350-5066 

Notice to the Fund shall be
sent to: 

Muzinich BDC, Inc. 

 c/o Muzinich BDC Adviser, LLC 

 450 Park Ave. 

 New York, NY 10022 

 Email: legal@muzinich.com 

15.09 Multiple Originals . This Agreement may
be executed on two or more counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed an original, but such counterparts shall together
constitute but one and the same instrument. 

15.10 No Waiver . No failure by either party
hereto to exercise, and no delay by such party in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. The exercise by either
party hereto of any right hereunder shall not preclude the exercise of any other right, and the remedies provided herein are cumulative
and not exclusive of any remedies provided at law or in equity. 

15.11 References to Custodian . The Fund shall
not circulate any written material that contains any reference to the Custodian without the prior written approval of the Custodian, excepting
written material contained in the private placement memorandum for the Fund and such other written material as merely identifies the Custodian
as custodian for the Fund. The Fund shall submit written material requiring approval to the Custodian in draft form, allowing sufficient
time for review by the Custodian and its counsel prior to any deadline for publication. 

27 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Agreement to be executed by a duly authorized officer on one or more counterparts as of the Effective Date. 

MUZINICH BDC, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Paul Fehre 

Name: 
 Paul Fehre 

Title: 
 CFO 

MUZINICH BDC HOLDINGS, LLC 

By: 
 Muzinich BDC, Inc., its sole member 

By: 
 /s/ Paul Fehre 

Name: 
 Paul Fehre 

Title: 
 CFO 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

By: 
 /s/ Gregory Farley 

Name: 
 Gregory Farley 

Title: 
 Sr. Vice President 

28 

List of Data Elements for Loan Trade Confirmation 

Trade Date 

Issuer Description 

Investment Description 

CUSIP/Investment ID 

Maturity Date 

Coupon Rate 

Currency 

Quantity 

Price 

Trade Fees 

Accrued Interest 

Broker 

Comments 

29 

EXHIBIT A 

[ ] 

30 

EXHIBIT B 

SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS ACT AUTHORIZATION 

MUZINICH BDC, INC. 

 MUZINICH BDC HOLDINGS, LLC 

The Shareholder Communications Act of 1985 requires banks and trust
companies to make an effort to permit direct communication between a company which issues securities and the shareholder who votes those
securities. 

Unless you specifically require us to NOT release your name and address
to requesting companies, we are required by law to disclose your name and address. 

Your yes or no to disclosure will apply
to all U.S. securities Custodian holds for you now and in the future, unless you change your mind and notify us in writing. A no 
election may prevent Custodian from obtaining, on your behalf, the most favorable tax rate for American Depository Receipts (ADRs) held
in your account . 

YES 
 
 U.S. Bank is authorized to provide the BDC s name, address and security position to requesting companies whose stock is owned by the BDC. 

NO 
 
 U.S. Bank is NOT authorized to provide the BDC s name, address and security position to requesting companies whose stock is owned by the BDC. 

By: 
 /s/ Paul Fehre 

Title: 
 CFO Treasurer 

Date: 
 March 6, 2024 

31 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ea020264601ex21-1_muzin.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

 Muzinich BDC Holdings, LLC 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ea020264601ex31-1_muzin.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I,
Jeffrey Youle, Chief Executive Officer of Muzinich BDC, Inc., certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Muzinich BDC, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d- 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated
this 29th day of March, 2024 

/s/ Jeffrey
 Youle 

Jeffrey
 Youle 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ea020264601ex31-2_muzin.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I,
Paul Fehre, Chief Financial Officer of Muzinich BDC, Inc. certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Muzinich BDC, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d- 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated
this 29th day of March, 2024 

/s/ Paul
 Fehre 

Paul Fehre 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ea020264601ex32-1_muzin.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

In
connection with the Annual on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Report of Muzinich BDC, Inc. (the Registrant ),
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Jeffrey Youle, the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant,
hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Registrant. 

/s/ Jeffrey
 Youle 

Name: 
 Jeffrey
 Youle 

Date: 
 March 29, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ea020264601ex32-2_muzin.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Report of Muzinich BDC, Inc.
(the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Paul Fehre, the Chief Financial
Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Registrant. 

/s/ Paul Fehre 

Name: 
 Paul Fehre 

Date: 
 March 29, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 muzi-20231231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 muzi-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 muzi-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 muzi-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 muzi-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

