<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240222_10-K_edgar_data_860546_0000860546-24-000013.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22658581</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>375527</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3141553</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9635235</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4687701</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4287798</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000860546-24-000013.hdr.sgml : 20240222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240222170617
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000860546-24-000013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COPT DEFENSE PROPERTIES
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000860546
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				232947217
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14023
		FILM NUMBER:		24665954

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6711 COLUMBIA GATEWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			COLUMBIA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21046
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4432855400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6711 COLUMBIA GATEWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			COLUMBIA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21046

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CORPORATE OFFICE PROPERTIES TRUST
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980514

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CORPORATE OFFICE PROPERTIES TRUST INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ROYALE INVESTMENTS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000860546-24-000013.txt : 20240222

10-K
 1
 ofc-20231231.htm
 10-K

ofc-20231231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark one) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (IRS Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 I ndicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the 
 registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 
 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of COPT Defense Properties was approximately billion, as calculated using the closing price of such shares on the New York Stock Exchange as of and the number of outstanding shares as of June 30, 2023. For purposes of calculating this amount only, affiliates are defined as Trustees, executive owners and beneficial owners of more than 10 of COPT Defense Properties outstanding common shares, 0.01 par value. At February 7, 2024, of COPT Defense Properties common shares were outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Form 10-K 

PAGE PART I 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 5 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 9 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 17 
 ITEM 1C . 
 CYBERSECURITY 
 17 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 19 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 21 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 21 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 22 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 23 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 24 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 41 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 41 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 41 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 41 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 42 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 42 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 42 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 42 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 42 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 42 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 42 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 42 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 44 
 SIGNATURES 
 45 

3 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections about future events and financial trends affecting the financial condition and operations of our business. Additionally, documents we subsequently file with the SEC and incorporated by reference will contain forward-looking statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as may, will, should, could, believe, anticipate, expect, estimate, plan or other comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which we cannot predict with accuracy and some of which we might not even anticipate. Although we believe that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions at the time made, we can give no assurance that these expectations, estimates and projections will be achieved. Future events and actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. We caution readers that forward-looking statements reflect our opinion only as of the date on which they were made. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements: 
 
 > general economic and business conditions, which will, among other things, affect office property and data center demand and rents, tenant creditworthiness, interest rates, financing availability, property operating and construction costs, and property values; 
 > adverse changes in the real estate markets, including, among other things, increased competition with other companies; 
 > our ability to borrow on favorable terms; 
 > risks of property acquisition and development activities, including, among other things, risks that development projects may not be completed on schedule, that tenants may not take occupancy or pay rent or that development or operating costs may be greater than anticipated; 
 > risks of investing through joint venture structures, including risks that our joint venture partners may not fulfill their financial obligations as investors or may take actions that are inconsistent with our objectives; 
 > changes in our plans for properties or views of market economic conditions or failure to obtain development rights, either of which could result in recognition of significant impairment losses; 
 > potential impact of a prolonged government shutdowns or budgetary reductions or impasses, such as a reduction of rental revenues, non-renewal of leases and/or reduced or delayed demand for additional space by existing or new tenants; 
 > potential additional costs, such as capital improvements, fees and penalties, associated with environmental laws or regulations; 
 > adverse changes resulting from other government actions and initiatives, such as changes in taxation, zoning laws or other regulations. 
 > our ability to satisfy and operate effectively under federal income tax rules relating to real estate investment trusts and partnerships; 
 > the dilutive effects of issuing additional common shares; and 
 > security breaches relating to cyber attacks, cyber intrusions or other factors, and other significant disruptions of our information technology networks and related systems. 
 
 We undertake no obligation to publicly update or supplement forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. For further information on these and other factors that could affect us and the statements contained herein, you should refer to the section below entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 4 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 General 
 COPT Defense Properties COPT Defense and subsidiaries (collectively, the Company , we or us is a fully-integrated and self-managed real estate investment trust REIT focused on owning, operating and developing properties in locations proximate to, or sometimes containing, key U.S. Government USG defense installations and missions (which we refer to herein as our Defense/IT Portfolio). Our tenants include the USG and their defense contractors, who are primarily engaged in priority national security activities, and who generally require mission-critical and high security property enhancements. In September 2023, we changed our name from Corporate Office Properties Trust to COPT Defense Properties to better describe our investment strategy s focus on locations serving our country s priority defense activities. As of December 31, 2023, our Defense/IT Portfolio included: 
 
 > 190 operating properties totaling 21.7 million square feet comprised of 16.0 million square feet in 160 office properties and 5.7 million square feet in 30 single-tenant data center shells. We owned 24 of these data center shells through unconsolidated real estate joint ventures; 
 > five properties under development (two office properties and three data center shells) that will total approximately 817,000 square feet upon completion; and 
 > approximately 660 acres of land controlled that we believe could be developed into approximately 7.9 million square feet. 
 
 We also owned eight other operating properties totaling 2.1 million square feet and approximately 50 acres of other developable land in the Greater Washington, DC/Baltimore region as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 We conduct almost all of our operations and own almost all of our assets through our operating partnership, COPT Defense Properties, L.P. CDPLP and subsidiaries (collectively, the Operating Partnership ), of which COPT Defense is the sole general partner. CDPLP owns real estate directly and through subsidiary partnerships and limited liability companies LLCs ). In addition to owning real estate, CDPLP also owns subsidiaries that provide real estate services such as property management, development and construction services primarily for our properties but also for third parties. Some of these services are performed by a taxable REIT subsidiary TRS ). In September 2023, we changed CDPLP s name from Corporate Office Properties, L.P. to COPT Defense Properties, L.P. 
 
 Equity interests in CDPLP are in the form of common and preferred units. As of December 31, 2023, COPT Defense owned 97.8 of the outstanding CDPLP common units common units and there were no preferred units outstanding. Common units not owned by COPT Defense carry certain redemption rights. The number of common units owned by COPT Defense is equivalent to the number of outstanding common shares of beneficial interest common shares of COPT Defense, and the entitlement of common units to quarterly distributions and payments in liquidation is substantially the same as that of COPT Defense common shareholders. 
 
 In September 2023, the ticker symbol under which our common shares are publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE changed from OFC to CDP . 
 
 We believe that COPT Defense is organized and has operated in a manner that satisfies the requirements for taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and we intend to continue to operate COPT Defense in such a manner. If COPT Defense continues to qualify for taxation as a REIT, it generally will not be subject to federal income tax on its taxable income (other than that of its TRS entities) that is distributed to its shareholders. A REIT is subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that it distribute at least 90 of its annual taxable income to its shareholders. 
 
 Our executive offices are located at 6711 Columbia Gateway Drive, Suite 300, Columbia, Maryland 21046 and our telephone number is (443) 285-5400. 
 
 Our Internet address is www.copt.com. We make available on our Internet website free of charge our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably possible after we file such material with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). In addition, we have made available on our Internet website under the heading Corporate Governance the charters for our Board of Trustees Audit, Nominating and Corporate Governance, Compensation and Investment Committees, as well as our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Code of Ethics for Financial Officers. We intend to make available on our website any future amendments or waivers to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Code of Ethics for Financial Officers within four business days after any such amendments or waivers. The information on our Internet site is not part of this report. 
 
 5 

The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. This Internet website can be accessed at www.sec.gov. 
 
 Business and Growth Strategies 
 
 Our primary goal is to deliver attractive total returns to our shareholders. This section sets forth key components of our business and growth strategies that we have in place to support this goal. 
 
 Defense/IT Strategy : We focus on owning, operating and developing Defense/IT Portfolio properties, which as of December 31, 2023 accounted for 190 of our 198 properties, representing 89.8 of our annualized rental revenue, and we control developable land to accommodate future growth in this portfolio. The properties in this portfolio are adjacent to, or contain, their demand drivers, whose activities pertain more to knowledge and technology (i.e., research and development and other highly-technical defense and security areas) than to force structure (i.e., troops) and weapon system mass production. Demand drivers for our Defense/IT Portfolio include: 
 
 > mission-critical facilities and missions of USG organizations and agencies supporting defense and national security activities, such as intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance, missile defense, cybersecurity, space exploration, research and development and advanced weapons systems testing and engineering, in Maryland, Northern Virginia, Washington, D.C., Huntsville, Alabama and San Antonio Texas; and 
 > data center shells in Northern Virginia, one of the largest data center markets in the world due in large part to its central location along the United States Eastern Seaboard, robust fiber connectivity infrastructure and access to reliable and affordable utilities required to support operations. 
 
 Due to this business strategy, our Defense/IT Portfolio has certain distinguishing characteristics relative to typical commercial office properties, including: 
 
 > proximity to demand drivers, which is generally preferred, and often required, for tenants to execute their missions; 
 > demand that is driven by, and correlated with, national security spending for activities occurring in the properties respective demand drivers, which we believe has made them less susceptible to the effects of conditions in the overall economy than typical office properties; 
 > higher likelihood of significant tenant investments in properties for unique needs such as Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility SCIF ), critical power supply and operational redundancy, which we believe may make tenants unable, or less likely, to relocate; 
 > ability of many of the properties leased to the USG to meet Anti-Terrorism Force Protection ATFP requirements; and 
 > higher preponderance of tenants who require their employees to work in the properties for security purposes, which we believe makes them less susceptible to remote work trends. 
 
 Our Defense/IT Portfolio includes data center shells, which are properties leased to tenants to be operated as data centers in which we provide tenants with only the core building and basic power, while the tenants fund the costs for the critical power, fiber connectivity and data center infrastructure. We enter into long-term leases for these properties prior to commencing development, with triple-net structures, rent escalators and multiple extension options. Additionally, our tenants significant funding of the costs to fully power and equip these properties greatly enhances the value of these properties and creates high barriers to exit for such tenants. 
 
 We believe that our cross-discipline teams collectively complement our Defense/IT strategy due to: 
 
 > well-established relationships with the USG and its contractors, many of whom lease space in more than one of our properties, and in multiple geographic locations in some cases; 
 > extensive experience in developing: 
 > high quality office properties; 
 > secured, specialized space, with the ability to satisfy the USG s unique needs (including SCIF, ATFP and access control requirements); and 
 > data center shells to customer specifications within very condensed timeframes to accommodate time-sensitive tenant demand; and 
 > depth of knowledge, specialized skills and credentialed personnel in operating highly-specialized properties with complex space and security-oriented needs. 
 
 Other Office Properties : In addition to our Defense/IT Portfolio, we also owned eight other office properties as of December 31, 2023, representing 10.2 of our annualized rental revenue. Included among these properties is a portfolio of properties located in the Greater Washington, DC/Baltimore region, which we historically referred to as Regional Office; in 2023, we concluded that these properties were no longer strategic holdings since they do not align with our Defense/IT strategy. We intend to sell our other office properties when we believe that market conditions and opportunities position us to be able to optimize our return on investment. 
 6 

Asset Management Strategy: We aggressively manage our portfolio to maximize the value and operating performance of each property through: (1) proactive property management and leasing; (2) maximizing tenant retention in order to minimize space downtime and capital requirements associated with space rollover; (3) increasing rental rates where market conditions permit; (4) leasing vacant space; (5) achievement of operating efficiencies by increasing economies of scale and, where possible, aggregating vendor contracts to achieve volume pricing discounts; and (6) redevelopment when we believe property conditions and market demand warrant. We also continuously evaluate our portfolio and consider dispositions when properties no longer meet our strategic objectives, or when capital markets and circumstances pertaining to such holdings otherwise warrant, in order to maximize our return on invested capital or support our capital strategy. 
 
 We aim to sustainably develop and operate our portfolio to create healthier work environments and reduce consumption of resources by: (1) developing new buildings designed to use resources with a high level of efficiency and low impact on human health and the environment during their life cycles through our participation in the U.S. Green Building Council s Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design LEED program, targeting new office properties to meet LEED certification standards or, when not possible, striving to otherwise incorporate LEED criteria into property designs; (2) adopting select LEED for Building Operations and Maintenance LEED O+M: Existing Buildings guidelines for much of our portfolio, including cleaning, recycling, energy reduction and landscaping practices; (3) investing in building automation systems and high-efficiency heating and air conditioning equipment and implementing resource conservation practices to reduce energy consumption; (4) investing in water-saving features; and (5) participating in the annual Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark GRESB survey, which is widely recognized for measuring the environmental, social and governance ESG performance of real estate companies and funds. We earned an overall score of Green Star on the GRESB survey in each of the last nine years, representing the highest quadrant of achievement on the survey. 
 
 Property Development and Acquisition Strategy: We expand our portfolio of operating properties primarily through property development in support of our Defense/IT strategy, and we have significant land holdings that we believe can further support that growth while serving as a barrier against competitive supply. We pursue development activities as market conditions and leasing opportunities support favorable risk-adjusted returns on investment. While we typically prefer properties to be significantly leased prior to commencing development, we develop properties ahead of completed leasing in certain locations where we believe that consistent demand and high occupancy rates warrant building of inventory to accommodate future anticipated USG and contractor demand. To a lesser extent, we may also pursue growth through acquisitions, seeking to execute such transactions at attractive yields and below replacement cost. 
 
 Capital Strategy: Our capital strategy is aimed at maintaining continuous access to capital irrespective of market conditions in the most cost-effective manner by: 
 
 > maintaining an investment grade rating to enable us to use debt comprised primarily of unsecured, fixed-rate debt (including the effect of interest rate swaps) from public markets and banks; 
 > using secured nonrecourse debt from institutional lenders and banks; 
 > managing our debt by monitoring, among other things: (1) the relationship of certain measures of earnings to our debt level and to certain capital costs; (2) the timing of debt maturities to ensure that maturities in any one year do not exceed levels that we believe we can refinance; (3) our exposure to changes in interest rates; and (4) our total and secured debt levels relative to our overall capital structure; 
 > monitoring capacity available under revolving credit facilities and equity offering programs to provide liquidity to fund investment activities and other capital needs; 
 > raising equity through issuances of common shares and, to a lesser extent, issuances of common equity in CDPLP and preferred equity; 
 > recycling proceeds from sales of interests in properties, including through joint venture structures for certain investments, to fund property development and other investment activities and/or reduce overall debt; 
 > paying dividends at a level that is at least sufficient for us to maintain our REIT status; and 
 > continuously evaluating the ability of our capital resources to accommodate our plans for growth. 
 
 Industry Segments 
 As of December 31, 2023, our operations included the following reportable segments: Defense/IT Portfolio and Other. Our Defense/IT Portfolio segment included the following sub-segments: 
 
 > Fort George G. Meade and the Baltimore/Washington Corridor Fort Meade/BW Corridor 
 > Northern Virginia Defense/IT Locations NoVA Defense/IT 
 > Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio, Texas; 
 > locations serving the U.S. Navy Navy Support ). Properties in this sub-segment as of December 31, 2023 were proximate to the Washington Navy Yard in Washington, D.C., the Naval Air Station Patuxent River in Maryland and the Naval Surface Warfare Center Dahlgren Division in Virginia; 
 > Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville, Alabama; and 
 7 

> data center shells in Northern Virginia. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023: our Defense/IT Portfolio segment included 190 of our operating properties, representing 91.0 of our square feet in operations, and all of our properties under development were for this segment; and our Other segment included our remaining eight operating properties, representing 9.0 of our square feet in operations. 
 
 For information relating to our reportable segments, refer to Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements, which are included in a separate section at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 Our Workforce : As of December 31, 2023, our workforce was comprised of 410 employees based in Maryland, where we are headquartered, Virginia, Washington, D.C., Alabama and Texas. Our workforce has varying expertise, and includes: 
 
 > Building Technicians (172 employees), o f which approximately 32 were of minority race. Building technicians are skilled trades professionals who perform mechanical and operating systems maintenance and otherwise service our properties; and 
 > Office Staff, outlined below, of which approximately 53 were female and approximately 32 of minority race: 
 > Operations Management (73 employees): Property managers and support staff who service our tenant customer needs. 
 > Asset Management and Leasing (10 employees): Customer-facing leaders who drive the financial performance of our assets. 
 > Development and Construction (30 employees): Project managers and support staff who drive our development pipeline and interior design. 
 > Finance and Accounting (68 employees): Professionals who manage our financial activities. 
 > Company Support Functions (44 employees): Includes Human Resources, Investor Relations, Investments, Legal, Marketing, Information Technology, Facility Security and Corporate Administrative Support. 
 > Senior Leadership (13 employees): Our business line and Company leaders, including our Named Executive Officers, who interface with our Board of Trustees and shareholders and manage our business strategy, functional activities, risk and overall success. 
 
 In support of our Defense/IT Portfolio strategy, over one-third of our employees carry government credentials. 
 
 We operate in markets in which we compete for human capital. We rely on our employees to drive our success and we support them with a variety of programs to enhance their workplace engagement and job fulfillment. 
 
 Culture and Workforce Engagement : We develop and reinforce our culture by emphasizing our core values, illustrated by the actiiVe acronym that stands for: Accountability, Commitment, Teamwork, Integrity, Innovation, Value Creation and Excellence. These values are intended to serve as a compass to our workforce to inform behavior and fuel our success. 
 
 We believe in equal opportunity, engagement and ethics. All employees must adhere to our Code of Business Conduct. We typically survey our workforce annually to measure employee engagement and identify opportunities for further improvement, which we believe has helped us to achieve annual best workplace honors for over a decade. 
 
 Compensation Program : Our compensation philosophy is driven by accountability, which results in a pay-for-performance structure. Our compensation program includes: base salary; an annual cash bonus program based on the achievement of individual, business unit and company objectives; health and welfare benefits; a retirement savings plan with a company match; financially-supported learning programs; and employee recognition programs. We also grant common equity to all new full-time employees and provide our senior management team and high performers with the ability to earn additional grants to align their interests with those of our shareholders and to incent retention. 
 
 Wellbeing and Safety : We view wellbeing as including five dimensions: Physical, Emotional, Career, Financial and Community. We design programs to support each of these dimensions. We directly incent wellbeing behaviors through a points-driven program each year. Employees who achieve the points threshold receive reductions in medical premiums or contributions to their health savings accounts. We believe this program enhances employee wellbeing and reduces medical costs. 
 
 Safety is a key part of our employee wellbeing, largely weighted in the Physical dimension. Recognizing this, we conduct job-tailored safety training on an ongoing basis. We also monitor our workers compensation claims to measure the effectiveness of our safety program. 
 
 Talent Development : We aim to attract, retain and develop our top talent throughout the employment cycle in order to enhance our talent pool. During 2023, our workforce size did not change significantly, with 72 new hires and 57 departures (an attrition rate of approximately 13.9 ). 
 
 8 

We offer robust learning programs to all employees, including educational assistance for college-level and vocational degree programs, and cover all expenses for licenses and certifications, management and leadership courses, key skills training and industry and professional conferences. Further, we offer internship and mentorship programs to facilitate teaching and learning from others. 
 
 Community Engagement : We encourage employee engagement with our communities to facilitate personal growth and connection and to enhance our citizenship within our communities. We provide a platform for employees to engage with communities by contributing time, effort, money and expertise, which includes providing employees eight hours of paid time per year to engage in volunteer activities to serve our community directly in a company-organized team or individual format. Our employees select community non-profits for Corporate giving grants and for volunteer time contributions. We empower our employees to become involved and fuel our success in community partnerships. 
 
 Competition 
 The commercial real estate market is highly competitive. Numerous commercial landlords compete with us for tenants. Some of the properties competing with ours may be newer or in more desirable locations, or the competing properties owners may be willing to accept lower rents. We also compete with our own tenants, many of whom have the right to sublease their space. The competitive environment for leasing is affected considerably by a number of factors including, among other things, changes in economic conditions and supply of and demand for space. These factors may make it difficult for us to lease existing vacant space and space associated with future lease expirations at rental rates that are sufficient to produce acceptable operating cash flows. 
 We occasionally compete with other entities, including other publicly-traded commercial REITs, for acquisitions of land and/or commercial properties. Competitors for such acquisitions may have substantially greater financial resources than ours. In addition, our competitors may be willing to accept lower returns on their investments or may be willing to incur higher leverage. 
 We also compete with other entities, including other publicly-traded commercial office REITs, for capital. This competition could adversely affect our ability to raise capital that we may need to fulfill our capital strategy. 
 
 In addition, we compete with other entities for talent. If there is an increase in the costs for us to retain employees, or if we otherwise fail to attract and retain employees, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Set forth below are risks and uncertainties relating to our business and the ownership of our securities. These risks and uncertainties may lead to outcomes that could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, cash flows or ability to make expected distributions to our shareholders. You should carefully consider each of these risks and uncertainties, along with all of the information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and its Exhibits, including our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2023 included in a separate section at the end of this report beginning on page F-1. 
 
 Risks Associated with the Real Estate Industry and Our Properties 
 
 Our performance and asset value are subject to risks associated with our properties and with the real estate industry. Real estate investments are subject to various risks and fluctuations in value and demand, many of which are beyond our control. Our performance and the value of our real estate assets may decline due to conditions in the general economy and the real estate industry, which could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, cash flows or ability to make expected distributions to our shareholders. These conditions include, but are not limited to: 
 
 > downturns in national, regional and local economic environments, including increases in the unemployment rate and inflation or deflation; 
 > competition from other properties; 
 > trends in office real estate that may adversely affect future demand, including remote work and flexible work arrangements, open workspaces and coworking spaces; 
 > deteriorating local real estate market conditions, such as oversupply, reduction in demand and decreasing rental rates; 
 > declining real estate valuations; 
 > adverse developments concerning our tenants, which could affect our ability to collect rents and execute lease renewals; 
 > increasing operating costs, including real estate taxes, utilities, insurance and other expenses, some of which we may not be able to pass through to tenants; 
 > increasing vacancies and the need to periodically repair, renovate and re-lease space; 
 > increasing interest rates and unavailability of financing on acceptable terms or at all; 
 > unavailability of financing for potential purchasers of our properties; 
 9 

> potential impact of prolonged government shutdowns or budgetary reductions or impasses, such as a reduction of rental revenues, non-renewal of leases and/or reduced or delayed demand for additional space by existing or new tenants; 
 > potential additional costs, such as capital improvements, fees and penalties, associated with environmental laws and regulations; 
 > adverse changes from other government actions and initiatives, such as changes in taxation, zoning laws or other regulations; 
 > potential inability to secure adequate insurance; 
 > adverse consequences resulting from civil disturbances, natural disasters, terrorist acts or acts of war; and 
 > adverse consequences resulting from climate-related risks. 
 
 Our business may be affected by adverse economic conditions. Our business may be affected by adverse economic conditions in the United States, real estate industry as a whole or local markets in which our properties are located, including the impact of high unemployment, inflation or deflation, constrained credit and shortages of goods or services. Such conditions could potentially be triggered by geopolitical or other world events. Adverse economic conditions could increase the likelihood of tenants encountering financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, insolvency or general downturn of business, and as a result could increase the likelihood of tenants defaulting on their lease obligations to us. Such conditions could also decrease our likelihood of successfully renewing tenants at favorable terms or at all or leasing vacant space in existing properties or newly-developed properties. In addition, such conditions could disrupt the operations or profitability of our business or increase the level of risk that we may not be able to obtain new financing for development activities, refinancing of existing debt, acquisitions or other capital requirements at reasonable terms, if at all. 
 
 We may suffer adverse consequences as a result of our reliance on rental revenues for our income. We earn revenue from leasing our properties. Certain of our operating costs do not necessarily fluctuate in relation to changes in our occupancy and rental revenue. As a result, these costs will not necessarily decline and may increase even if our revenues decline. 
 
 For new tenants or upon expiration of existing leases, we generally must make improvements and pay other leasing costs for which we may not receive increased rents. We also make building-related capital improvements for which tenants may not reimburse us. 
 
 If our properties do not generate revenue sufficient to meet our operating expenses and capital costs, we may need to borrow additional amounts to cover these costs. In such circumstances, we would likely have lower profits or possibly incur losses. We may also find in such circumstances that we are unable to borrow to fund such costs, in which case our operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, the competitive environment for leasing is affected considerably by a number of factors including, among other things, changes due to economic factors such as supply and demand. These factors may make it difficult for us to lease vacant space in existing properties or newly-developed properties and space associated with future lease expirations at rental rates that are sufficient to meet our short-term capital needs. 
 
 We rely on the ability of our tenants to pay rent and would be harmed by their inability to do so. Our performance depends on the ability of our tenants to fulfill their lease obligations by paying their rental payments in a timely manner. As a result, we would be harmed if one or more of our major tenants, or a number of our smaller tenants, were to experience financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, insolvency or general downturn of business. 
 
 We may be adversely affected by developments concerning our major tenants, including the USG and its contractors, or the defense installations or missions from which demand for our Defense/IT Portfolio s properties is driven. As of December 31, 2023, our 10 largest tenants accounted for 63.5 of our total annualized rental revenue, the three largest of these tenants accounted for 49.6 , and the USG, our largest tenant, accounted for 35.9 . For additional information regarding our tenant concentrations, refer to the section entitled Concentration of Operations within the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We calculate annualized rental revenue by multiplying by 12 the sum of monthly contractual base rents (ignoring free rent then in effect and rent associated with tenant funded landlord assets) and estimated monthly expense reimbursements under active leases in our portfolio as of the date defined; with regard to properties owned through unconsolidated real estate joint ventures, we include the portion of annualized rental revenue allocable to our ownership interests. 
 
 Most of our leases with the USG provide for one-year terms, with a series of one-year renewal options. The USG may terminate its leases if, among other reasons, the United States Congress fails to provide funding. We would be harmed if any of our largest tenants fail to make rental payments to us over an extended period of time, including as a result of a prolonged government shutdown, or if the USG elects to terminate some or all of its leases and the space cannot be re-leased on satisfactory terms. 
 
 10 

As of December 31, 2023, 89.8 of our annualized rental revenue was from our Defense/IT Portfolio. A reduction in government spending targeting the activities of the USG or its contractors (such as knowledge- and technology-based defense and security activities) in this portfolio s demand drivers could adversely affect our tenants ability to fulfill lease obligations, renew leases or enter into new leases and limit our future growth from properties whose demand rely on such activities. In addition, uncertainty regarding the potential for future government spending for such activities could also decrease or delay leasing activity from existing or new tenants engaged in these activities. Moreover, we may face additional economic harm in the event of long-term displacement, or elimination, of government spending for defense installations or missions from which demand for our Defense/IT Portfolio s properties is driven. 
 
 Our future ability to develop data center shells will be limited without additional land to do so. Since 2013, we have developed 30 data center shells in Northern Virginia totaling 5.7 million square feet for a Fortune 100 Company tenant, and we had an additional three under development totaling 643,000 square feet for that tenant as of December 31, 2023. These properties have also garnered the interest of outside investors, enabling us to raise capital by selling ownership interests through joint venture structures at favorable profit margins, and to apply the proceeds towards other development opportunities. As of December 31, 2023, we did not have additional land under control in Northern Virginia for the future development of data center shells. If we are unable to locate additional data center shell development opportunities, we may no longer be able to develop data center shells. 
 
 We may suffer economic harm in the event of a decline in the real estate market or general economic conditions in the Mid-Atlantic region, particularly in the Greater Washington, DC/Baltimore region, or in particular business parks. Most of our properties are located in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States, particularly in the Greater Washington, DC/Baltimore region. Many of our properties are also concentrated in business parks in which we own most of the properties. Consequently, our portfolio of properties is not broadly distributed geographically. As a result, we could be harmed by a decline in the real estate market or general economic conditions in the Mid-Atlantic region, the Greater Washington, DC/Baltimore region or markets, submarkets or business parks in which our properties are located. 
 
 We would suffer economic harm if we were unable to renew our leases on favorable terms. When leases expire, our tenants may not renew or may renew on terms less favorable to us than the terms of their original leases. If a tenant vacates a property, we can expect to experience a vacancy for some period of time, as well as incur higher leasing costs than we would likely incur if a tenant renews. As a result, we may be harmed if we experience a high volume of tenant departures at the end of their lease terms. 
 
 We may be adversely affected by trends in the office real estate industry. Certain businesses have implemented remote work and flexible work arrangements and/or utilized open workspaces and coworking spaces. These practices could enable businesses to reduce their office space requirements. A continuation or acceleration of these trends could erode demand for commercial office space and, in turn, place downward pressure on occupancy, rental rates and property valuations. 
 
 We may encounter a significant decline in the value of our real estate. The value of our real estate could be adversely affected by general economic and market conditions connected to a specific property or property type, a market or submarket, a broader economic region or the office real estate industry. Examples of such conditions include a broader economic recession, declining demand for space and decreases in market rental rates and/or market values of real estate assets. If our real estate assets significantly decline in value, it could result in our recognition of impairment losses. Moreover, a decline in the value of our real estate could adversely affect the amount of borrowings available to us and our ability, or willingness, to execute plans to sell properties. 
 
 We may not be able to compete successfully with other entities that operate in our industry. The commercial real estate market is highly competitive. Numerous commercial properties compete with our properties for tenants; some of the properties competing with ours may be newer or in more desirable locations, or the competing properties owners may be willing to accept lower rates than are acceptable to us. In addition, we compete for the acquisition of land and commercial properties with many entities, including other publicly-traded REITs and large private equity backed entities and funds; competitors for such acquisitions may have substantially greater financial resources than ours, or may be willing to accept lower returns on their investments or incur higher leverage. 
 
 Real estate investments are illiquid, and we may not be able to dispose of properties on a timely basis when we determine it is appropriate to do so. Real estate investments can be difficult to sell and convert to cash quickly, especially if market conditions, including real estate lending conditions, are not favorable. Such illiquidity could limit our ability to fund capital needs or quickly change our portfolio of properties in response to changes in economic or other conditions. Moreover, under certain circumstances, the Internal Revenue Code imposes penalties on a REIT that sells property held for less than two years and limits the number of properties it can sell in a given year. 
 
 We may be unable to successfully execute our plans to develop additional properties. Although the majority of our investments are in operating properties, we also develop and redevelop properties, including some that are not fully pre-leased. When we develop or redevelop properties, we assume a number of risks, including, but not limited to, the risk of: actual costs 
 11 

exceeding our budgets; conditions or events occurring that delay or preclude our ability to complete the project as originally planned or at all; projected leasing not occurring as expected or at all, or occurring at lower than expected rental rates; and not being able to obtain financing to fund property development activities. 
 
 We may suffer adverse effects from acquisitions of commercial real estate properties. We may pursue acquisitions of existing commercial real estate properties as part of our property development and acquisition strategy. Acquisitions of commercial properties entail risks, such as the risk that we may not be in a position, or have the opportunity in the future, to make suitable property acquisitions on advantageous terms and/or that such acquisitions fail to perform as expected. 
 
 We may pursue selective acquisitions of properties in regions where we have not previously owned properties. These acquisitions may entail risks in addition to those we face with acquisitions in more familiar regions, such as our not sufficiently anticipating conditions or trends in such regions and therefore not being able to operate the acquired properties profitably. 
 
 In addition, we may acquire properties that are subject to liabilities in situations where we have no recourse, or only limited recourse, against the prior owners or other third parties with respect to unknown liabilities. As a result, if a liability were asserted against us based upon ownership of those properties, we might have to pay substantial sums to settle or contest it. 
 
 We may be subject to possible environmental liabilities. We are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws, including air and water quality, hazardous or toxic substances and health and safety. These laws can impose liability on current and prior property owners or operators for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous substances released on a property, even if the property owner was not responsible for, or even aware of, the release of the hazardous substances. Costs resulting from environmental liability could be substantial. The presence of hazardous substances on our properties may also adversely affect occupancy and our ability to sell or borrow against those properties. In addition to the costs of government claims under environmental laws, private plaintiffs may bring claims for personal injury or other reasons. Additionally, various laws impose liability for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous substances at the disposal or treatment facility; anyone who arranges for the disposal or treatment of hazardous substances at such a facility is potentially liable under such laws. 
 
 Although most of our properties have been subject to varying degrees of environmental assessment, many of these assessments are limited in scope and may not include or identify all potential environmental liabilities or risks associated with the property. Identification of new compliance concerns or undiscovered areas of contamination, changes in the extent or known scope of contamination, discovery of additional sites, human exposure to the contamination or changes in cleanup or compliance requirements could result in significant costs to us. 
 
 We would incur losses if third parties to whom we make loans fail to service or repay such loans. We enter into loan arrangements with tenants of our properties and other third parties. We would incur losses if these parties failed to fulfill their obligations to service and repay such loans. 
 
 We may be adversely affected by the impact of climate-related risks. We may be adversely affected by extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, floods and tornadoes, which could result in significant property damage and make it more difficult for us to obtain affordable insurance coverage in the future. Longer term, we could also face the potential for more frequent or destructive severe weather events and shifts in temperature and precipitation amounts. Such events could adversely affect our properties in a number of ways, including, but not limited to: declining demand for space; our ability to operate them effectively and profitably; their valuations; and our ability to sell them or use them as collateral for future debt. 
 
 We may be adversely affected by legislation and regulatory changes relating to combating climate change. We may be adversely affected by legislation and regulatory changes aimed at combating climate change. For example, the State of Maryland enacted legislation that will subject our properties in the state (approximately half of our portfolio at year end) to future energy performance standards, with potential monetary penalties for failing to meet such standards, building code changes and other requirements. In order to meet these performance standards and other requirements, we expect that we will need to make additional investments in building systems for new and existing properties. Other jurisdictions in which our properties are located have also either enacted similar legislation or are considering doing so in the future. We believe that our future additional capital investments and potential fees and penalties resulting from the State of Maryland legislation, and other similar federal, state or local laws or regulations in the future, could potentially be substantial. 
 
 We may be subject to other possible liabilities that would adversely affect our financial position and cash flows. Our properties may be subject to other risks related to current or future laws, including laws relating to zoning, development, fire and life safety requirements and other matters. These laws may require significant property modifications in the future and could result in the levy of fines against us. 
 
 Attacks by terrorists or foreign nations or incidents related to social unrest may adversely affect the value of our properties, our financial position and cash flows. We have significant investments in properties located in large metropolitan areas or near military installations. Attacks by terrorists or foreign nations, or incidents related to social unrest, could directly or 
 12 

indirectly damage our properties or cause losses that materially exceed our insurance coverage. After such an attack or incident, tenants in these areas may choose to relocate their businesses to areas of the United States that may be perceived to be less likely targets of future attacks or unrest, and fewer customers may choose to patronize businesses in these areas. This in turn would trigger a decrease in demand for space in these areas that could increase vacancies in our properties and adversely affect property rental rates and valuations. 
 
 We may be subject to increased costs of insurance and limitations on coverage. Our portfolio of properties is insured for losses under our property, casualty and umbrella insurance policies. These policies include coverage for acts of terrorism. Future changes in the insurance industry s risk assessment approach and pricing structure may increase the cost of insuring our properties and decrease the scope of insurance coverage. Most of our loan agreements contain customary covenants requiring us to maintain insurance. Although we believe that we have adequate insurance coverage for purposes of these agreements, we may not be able to obtain an equivalent amount of coverage at reasonable costs, or at all, in the future. In addition, if lenders insist on greater coverage than we are able to obtain, it could adversely affect our ability to finance and/or refinance our properties and execute our growth strategies. Moreover, there are some loss events for which we cannot obtain insurance at reasonable costs, or at all, such as acts of war. With respect to such losses and losses from acts of terrorism, earthquakes, fires, pandemics or other catastrophic events, if we experience a loss that is uninsured or that exceeds policy limits, we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties, as well as the anticipated future revenue from those properties. 
 
 We may suffer economic harm as a result of the actions of our partners in real estate joint ventures and other investments. We may invest in certain entities in which we are not the exclusive investor or principal decision maker. Investments in such entities may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present when a third party is not involved, including the possibility that the other parties to these investments might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. Our partners in these entities may have economic, tax or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. These investments may also lead to impasses on major decisions, such as whether or not to sell a property, because neither we nor the other parties to these investments may have full control over the entity; such a dispute could also result in a sale of either our ownership interest in a joint venture or the joint venture s underlying properties at a suboptimal price or time. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of the other parties to these investments. 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected by a negative audit by the USG. Agencies of the USG, including the Defense Contract Audit Agency and various agency Inspectors General, routinely audit and investigate parties that provide goods and services to the USG. These agencies review such parties performance under contracts, cost structure, internal controls systems and policies and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards. Any costs found to be misclassified may be subject to repayment. If an audit or investigation of us were to uncover improper or illegal activities associated with our activities for the USG, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the USG. In addition, we could suffer serious reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us. 
 
 Risks Associated with Financing and Other Capital-Related Matters 
 
 We are dependent on external sources of capital for growth. Because COPT Defense is a REIT, it must distribute at least 90 of its annual taxable income to its shareholders. This requirement may limit the extent to which we are able to fund our investment activities using retained cash flow from operations. Therefore, our ability to fund much of these activities is dependent on our ability to externally generate capital through issuances of new debt, common shares, preferred shares, common or preferred units in CDPLP or sales of interests in properties. These capital sources may not be available on favorable terms or at all. Moreover, additional debt financing may substantially increase our leverage and subject us to covenants that restrict management s flexibility in directing our operations. Our inability to obtain capital when needed could have a material adverse effect on our ability to expand our business and fund other cash requirements. 
 
 We often use our Revolving Credit Facility to initially finance much of our investing activities and certain financing activities. Our lenders under this and other facilities could, for financial hardship or other reasons, fail to honor their commitments to fund our requests for borrowings under these facilities. If lenders default under these facilities by not being able or willing to fund a borrowing request, it would adversely affect our ability to access borrowing capacity under these facilities. 
 
 We may suffer adverse effects as a result of the indebtedness that we carry and the terms and covenants that relate to this debt. As of December 31, 2023, we had 2.4 billion in debt, the future maturities of which are set forth in Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements. Payments of principal and interest on our debt may leave us with insufficient cash to operate 
 13 

our properties or pay distributions to COPT Defense s shareholders required to maintain COPT Defense s qualification as a REIT. We are also subject to the risks that: 
 
 > we may not be able to refinance our existing indebtedness, or may only be able to do so on terms that are less favorable to us than the terms of our existing indebtedness; 
 > in the event of our default under the terms of our Revolving Credit Facility, CDPLP could be restricted from making cash distributions to COPT Defense unless such distributions are required to maintain COPT Defense s qualification as a REIT, which could result in reduced distributions to our equityholders or the need for us to incur additional debt to fund such distributions; and 
 > if we are unable to pay our debt service on time or are unable to comply with restrictive financial covenants for certain of our debt, our lenders could foreclose on our properties securing such debt. 
 
 Virtually all of our unsecured debt is cross-defaulted, which means that failure to pay interest or principal on the debt above a threshold value will create a default on certain of our other debt. 
 If interest rates were to rise, our debt service payments on debt with variable interest rates would increase. 
 
 Our operations likely will not generate enough cash flow to repay all of our debt without additional borrowings, equity issuances and/or sales of interests in properties. If we cannot refinance, extend the repayment date of, or otherwise raise funds required to repay, debt by its maturity date, we would default on such debt. 
 
 Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of indebtedness that we may incur. Therefore, we may incur additional indebtedness and become more highly leveraged, which could harm our financial position. 
 
 A downgrade in our credit ratings would materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. Our Senior Notes are currently rated investment grade, with stable outlooks, by the three major rating agencies. These credit ratings are subject to ongoing evaluation by the credit rating agencies and can change. Any downgrades of our ratings or a negative outlook by the credit rating agencies would have a materially adverse impact on our cost and availability of capital and also could have a materially adverse effect on the market price of our common shares. In addition, since the variable interest rate spread and facility fees on certain of our debt, including our Revolving Credit Facility and a term loan facility, is determined based on our credit ratings, a downgrade in our credit ratings would increase the payments required on such debt. 
 
 We have certain distribution requirements that reduce cash available for other business purposes. Since COPT Defense is a REIT, it must distribute to its shareholders at least 90 of its annual taxable income, which limits the amount of cash that can be retained for other business purposes, including amounts to fund development activities and acquisitions. Also, due to the difference in time between when we receive revenue and pay expenses and when we report such items for distribution purposes, it is possible that we may need to borrow funds for COPT Defense to meet the 90 distribution requirement. 
 
 We may issue additional common or preferred equity that dilutes our shareholders interests. We may issue additional common shares or new issuances of preferred shares without shareholder approval. Similarly, we may issue additional common or preferred units in CDPLP for contributions of cash or property without approval by our shareholders. Our existing shareholders interests could be diluted if such additional issuances were to occur. 
 
 A number of factors could cause our security prices to decline. As is the case with any publicly-traded securities, certain factors outside of our control could influence the value of our equity security issuances. These conditions include, but are not limited to: 
 
 > market perception of REITs in general and office REITs in particular; 
 > market perception regarding our major tenants and property concentrations; 
 > the level of institutional investor interest in us; 
 > general economic and business conditions; 
 > prevailing interest rates; 
 > our financial performance; 
 > our underlying asset value; 
 > our actual, or market perception of our, financial condition, performance, dividends and growth potential; 
 > adverse changes in tax laws; and 
 > market perception regarding our commitment to environmental, social and governance matters. 
 
 We may be unable to continue to make distributions to our shareholders at expected levels. We expect to make regular quarterly cash distributions to our shareholders. However, our ability to make such distributions depends on a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. Some of our loan agreements contain provisions that could, in the event of default, restrict future distributions unless we meet certain financial tests or such payments or distributions are required to 
 14 

maintain COPT Defense s qualification as a REIT. Our ability to make distributions at expected levels is also dependent, in part, on other matters, including, but not limited to: 
 
 > continued property occupancy and timely receipt of rent from our tenants; 
 > the amount of future capital expenditures and expenses for our properties; 
 > our leasing activity and future rental rates; 
 > the strength of the commercial real estate market; 
 > our ability to compete; 
 > governmental actions and initiatives, including risks associated with the impact of a prolonged government shutdown or budgetary reductions or impasses; 
 > our costs of compliance with environmental and other laws; 
 > our corporate overhead levels; and 
 > our amount of uninsured losses. 
 
 In addition, we can make distributions to holders of our common shares only after we make preferential distributions to holders of any outstanding preferred equity. 
 
 Our ability to pay distributions may be limited, and we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to pay distributions regularly. Our ability to pay distributions will depend on a number of things discussed elsewhere herein, including our ability to operate profitably and generate cash flow from our operations. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to pay distributions on a regular quarterly basis in the future. Additionally, the terms of some of our debt may limit our ability to make some types of payments and distributions in the event of certain default situations. This may limit our ability to make some types of payments, including payment of distributions on common or preferred shares, unless we meet certain financial tests or such payments or distributions are required to maintain COPT Defense s qualification as a REIT. As a result, if we are unable to meet the applicable financial tests, we may not be able to pay distributions in one or more periods. Furthermore, any new common or preferred equity that we may issue in the future for raising capital, financing acquisitions, share-based compensation arrangements or otherwise will increase the cash required to continue to pay cash distributions at current levels. 
 
 We may experience significant losses and harm to our financial condition if financial institutions holding our cash and cash equivalents file for bankruptcy protection. We believe that we maintain our cash and cash equivalents with high quality financial institutions. However, we may incur significant losses and harm to our financial condition in the future if we were holding large sums of cash in any of these financial institutions at a time when they filed for bankruptcy protection. 
 
 Other Risks 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected by security breaches through cyber attacks, cyber intrusions or other factors, and other significant disruptions of our IT networks and related systems. We face risks associated with security breaches and other significant disruptions of our IT networks and related systems, which are essential to our business operations. Such breaches and disruptions may occur through cyber-attacks or -intrusions over the Internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to e-mails or by actions of persons inside our organization, including those with access to our systems. Because of our concentration on serving the USG and its contractors with a general focus on national security and information technology, we may have a heightened likelihood of being targeted for cyber-attacks or -intrusions, including by governments, organizations or persons hostile to the USG. Additionally, a successful attack on our vendors or service providers could result in a compromise of our own network or a disruption in our supply chain or services upon which we rely. 
 
 We have preventative, detective, and responsive measures in place to maintain the security and integrity of our networks and related systems that have to date enabled us to avoid breaches and disruptions that were individually, or in the aggregate, material. However, despite our activities to maintain the security and integrity of our networks and related systems, there can be no assurance that these activities will be effective in mitigating these risks. We also have insurance coverage in place in the event of significant future losses from breaches and disruptions; however, continuing changes in the insurance industry s risk assessment approach and pricing structure could in the future increase the cost for us to obtain insurance coverage or decrease the scope of such coverage available to us. 
 
 Like other businesses, we and our vendors and service providers have been, and expect to continue to be, subject to cyber-attacks or -intrusions, computer viruses or malware, attempts at unauthorized access and other events of varying degrees. A security breach or other significant disruption involving our IT networks and related systems, or those of certain of our vendors or service providers, could: 
 
 > disrupt the proper functioning of our networks and systems and therefore our operations and/or those of certain of our tenants; 
 > increase the likelihood of missed reporting or permitting deadlines; 
 > affect our ability to properly monitor our compliance with rules and regulations regarding our qualification as a REIT; 
 15 

> result in unauthorized access to, and/or destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of, proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or others, which others could use to compete against us or which could expose us to damage claims by third-parties; 
 > disrupt or disable the building systems relied upon by us and our tenants for the effective and efficient use of our properties; 
 > require significant management attention and resources to remedy any resulting damages; 
 > subject us to termination of leases or other agreements or claims for breach of contract, damages or other penalties; and 
 > damage our reputation among our tenants and investors generally. 
 
 Please refer to Item 1C for disclosure regarding our cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance. 
 
 We may be adversely affected by environmental, social and governance matters. Certain investors and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance matters. If our perceived commitment to environmental, social and governance matters fails to meet the expectations of investors and other stakeholders, it could adversely affect their willingness to invest in, or otherwise do business with, us. 
 
 We may suffer adverse effects from epidemics or pandemics. The occurrence of epidemics or pandemics may adversely affect us in many ways, including, but not limited to: 
 
 > disruption of our tenants operations, which could adversely affect their ability, or willingness, to sustain their businesses and/or fulfill their lease obligations; 
 > our ability to maintain occupancy in our properties and obtain new leases for unoccupied and new development space at favorable terms or at all; 
 > shortages in supply of products or services from vendors that are needed for us and our tenants to operate effectively, and which could lead to increased costs for such products and services; 
 > access to debt and equity capital on attractive terms or at all. Severe disruption and instability in the global financial markets or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions may affect our or our tenants ability to access capital necessary to fund operations, refinance debt or fund planned investments on a timely basis, and may adversely affect the valuation of financial assets and liabilities; and 
 > our and our tenants ability to continue or complete planned development, including the potential for delays in the supply of materials or labor necessary for development. 
 
 The extent of any effect on our operations, financial condition and cash flows will be dependent on various factors, such as the duration and extent of the epidemic or pandemic, the prevalence, strength and duration of restrictive measures implemented in response and the resulting effects on our tenants, potential future tenants, the commercial real estate industry and the broader economy. Moreover, some of the risks described in other risk factors set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may be more likely to impact us as a result of epidemics or pandemics, including, but not limited to: downturns in national, regional and local economic environments; deteriorating local real estate market conditions; and declining real estate valuations. 
 
 Our business could be adversely impacted if we are unable to attract and retain highly-qualified personnel. Our ability to operate effectively and succeed in the future is dependent in large part on our employees. Our Defense/IT strategy in particular relies on the knowledge, specialized skills and credentialed personnel on our teams that serve those properties unique needs. We face very intense competition for highly-qualified personnel in the labor market. We also occasionally face even greater competition for personnel with certain skill sets or qualifications. As a result, we may not be successful in retaining our existing talent or attracting, training and retaining new personnel with the requisite skills. We may also find that we need to further increase compensation costs in response to this competition. Our business could be harmed by the loss of key employees, a significant number of employees or a significant number of employees in a specialized area of the Company. 
 
 We have certain provisions or statutes that may serve to delay or prevent a transaction or a change in control that would be advantageous to our shareholders from occurring. COPT Defense s Declaration of Trust limits ownership of its common shares by any single shareholder to 9.8 of the number of the outstanding common shares or 9.8 of the value of the outstanding common shares, whichever is more restrictive. COPT Defense s Declaration of Trust also limits ownership by any single shareholder of our common and preferred shares in the aggregate to 9.8 of the aggregate value of our outstanding common and preferred shares. We refer to these restrictions as the Ownership Limit. COPT Defense s Declaration of Trust allows our Board of Trustees to exempt shareholders from the Ownership Limit. The Ownership Limit and the restrictions on ownership of our common shares may delay or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common shares or otherwise be in the best interest of our shareholders. 
 
 Subject to the requirements of the New York Stock Exchange, our Board of Trustees has the authority, without shareholder approval, to issue additional securities on terms that could delay or prevent a change in control. In addition, our Board of Trustees has the authority to reclassify any of our unissued common shares into preferred shares. Our Board of Trustees may issue preferred shares with such preferences, rights, powers and restrictions if it chooses to do so, which could also delay or prevent a change in control. 
 
 16 

In addition, various Maryland laws may have the effect of discouraging offers to acquire us, even if the acquisition would be advantageous to shareholders. Resolutions adopted by our Board of Trustees and/or provisions of our bylaws exempt us from such laws, but our Board of Trustees can alter its resolutions or change our bylaws at any time to make these laws applicable to us. 
 
 COPT Defense s failure to qualify as a REIT would have adverse tax consequences, which would substantially reduce funds available to make distributions to our shareholders. We believe that COPT Defense has qualified for taxation as a REIT for federal income tax purposes since 1992. We plan for COPT Defense to continue to meet the requirements for taxation as a REIT. Many of these requirements, however, are highly technical and complex. The determination that COPT Defense is a REIT requires an analysis of various factual matters and circumstances that may not be totally within our control. For example, to qualify as a REIT, at least 95 of COPT Defense s gross income must come from certain sources that are specified in the REIT tax laws. COPT Defense is also required to distribute to shareholders at least 90 of its annual taxable income. The fact that COPT Defense holds most of its assets through CDPLP and its subsidiaries further complicates the application of the REIT requirements. Even a technical or inadvertent mistake could jeopardize COPT Defense s REIT status. Furthermore, Congress and the Internal Revenue Service might make changes to the tax laws and regulations and the courts might issue new rulings that make it more difficult or impossible for COPT Defense to remain qualified as a REIT. 
 
 If COPT Defense fails to qualify as a REIT, it would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates. Also, unless the Internal Revenue Service granted us relief under certain statutory provisions, COPT Defense would remain disqualified from being a REIT for four years following the year it first fails to qualify. If COPT Defense fails to qualify as a REIT, it would have to pay significant income taxes and would therefore have less money available for investments or for distributions to our shareholders. In addition, if COPT Defense fails to qualify as a REIT, it would no longer be required to pay distributions to shareholders. As a result of all these factors, COPT Defense s failure to qualify as a REIT could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital and would likely have a significant adverse effect on the value of our shares. 
 
 We may be adversely impacted by changes in tax laws. At any time, U.S. federal tax laws or the administrative interpretations of those laws may be changed. We cannot predict whether, when or to what extent new U.S. federal tax laws, regulations, interpretations or rulings will be issued. In addition, while REITs generally receive certain tax advantages compared to entities taxed as C corporations, it is possible that future legislation could result in REITs having fewer tax advantages, and therefore becoming a less attractive investment alternative. As a result, changes in U.S. federal tax laws could negatively impact our operating results, financial condition and business operations, and adversely impact our shareholders. 
 
 Occasionally, changes in state and local tax laws or regulations are enacted that may result in an increase in our tax liability. Shortfalls in tax revenues for states and municipalities may lead to an increase in the frequency and size of such changes. If such changes occur, we may be required to pay additional taxes on our assets, revenue or income. 
 
 Our tenants and contractual counterparties could be designated Prohibited Persons by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. The Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury OFAC maintains a list of persons designated as terrorists or who are otherwise blocked or banned Prohibited Persons ). OFAC regulations and other laws prohibit us from conducting business or engaging in transactions with Prohibited Persons. If a tenant or other party with whom we conduct business is placed on the OFAC list or is otherwise a party with whom we are prohibited from doing business, we would be required to terminate our lease or other agreement with them. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 (a) As discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, we face risks associated with security breaches and other significant disruptions of our IT networks and related information systems, which are essential to our business operations. Due to our Defense/IT strategy and the nature of the customers and activities it serves, we may have a heightened likelihood of being targeted for cyber-attacks or -intrusions, including by governments, organizations or persons hostile to the USG. 
 
 Our cybersecurity risk management efforts are informed by a cyber risk assessment, a continuous evaluation of our risks and vulnerabilities and risk tolerances. Our processes for assessing, identifying and managing cybersecurity risks are led by our Vice President Information Technology and Chief Information Officer (our CIO ), a management-level position reporting directly to our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (our CFO ). Our CIO, a Certified Information Systems Security Professional CISSP with over 20 years of information systems and information security leadership experience, leads our information technology team members, many of whom have USG security clearances and include one additional CISSP certified team member, in supporting our cybersecurity risk management efforts. This team s efforts are further informed through their participation in external cybersecurity-related panels, industry presentations and advisory boards, tabletop exercises and information-sharing collaborations and partnerships. 
 17 

Our information technology team executes a series of preventive, detective and responsive measures aimed towards managing our cybersecurity risks, including the following: 
 
 > administering a series of processes and automated tools to monitor and alert for potentially malicious activities and vulnerabilities on our network, systems, applications and devices, with the ability to terminate processes and isolate potential vulnerabilities; 
 > employing tools and controls to support our efforts in identity and access management and device and user management and authentication; 
 > ongoing cybersecurity maintenance activities, including scheduled maintenance time windows for comprehensive system updates to occur, with additional ad hoc updates occurring as needed, monitoring of all Company devices for timeliness of security updates and pushing time-sensitive updates to our system infrastructure and devices, as appropriate; 
 > recurring, redundant backups of our applications, servers and data, with replication to remote storage locations; 
 > assessing audit reports issued on controls of certain outsourced, or externally-hosted, systems or applications; and 
 > periodically evaluating our readiness by performing testing of our process and system for responding to cyber events, including our ability to recover following such events. 
 
 We engage consultants: 
 
 > on an ongoing basis for certain aspects of our information technology team s recurring monitoring and alert processes and round-the-clock support, as needed; and 
 > periodically to perform penetration testing and vulnerability scanning of our systems, websites and properties, run or support tabletop exercises and complete cyber risk-based assessments of us. 
 
 Organizationally, we aim to further support the forementioned measures through: 
 
 > purchase and contracting controls aimed at preventing our entry into purchases or service arrangements: with entities blocked or banned by OFAC or the Federal Trade Commission; or outside of manufacturer authorized distribution channels; and 
 > education of our employees, including cybersecurity-related training and periodic reminders and promotions regarding potential risks. 
 
 Our CIO routinely apprises our CFO regarding cyber risk management activities and provides updates and data, as needed, to our executive team to facilitate decisions regarding our cyber risk posture and related considerations regarding our enterprise risk management assessment. Our CIO and CFO provide to the Audit Committee of our Board of Trustees: quarterly updates on our cybersecurity risk management strategy and related activities; annual reviews of our cyber risk assessment; and other information as needed to facilitate the committee s oversight of our cybersecurity risk. Two members of this committee possess cybersecurity and information systems experience, which we believe brings valuable insight and perspective to our risk management strategy. Our CIO and CFO also provide an annual review of our cyber risk assessment to our full Board of Trustees. 
 
 While to date, we have not experienced cybersecurity events that were individually, or in the aggregate, material, we have developed a cyber-incident response playbook that sets forth our process for responding in the event of certain defined cyber incidents. Under our response protocols, following identification of such an incident, our CIO or other members of the information technology team would notify our executive team, which then would notify the Chairman of our Board of Trustees and assemble an Incident Management Team, comprised of certain defined management team members and external consultants, who collectively would assess and monitor the situation and manage internal and external communications. 
 
 We also are subject to legal and regulatory requirements that affect our response to cybersecurity-risk management, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, state data breach notification requirements and certain requirements under our leases with tenants. 
 
 18 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 The following table provides certain information about our operating property segments as of December 31, 2023 (dollars and square feet in thousands, except per square foot amounts): 
 Segment Number of Properties Operational Square Feet Occupancy (1) Annualized Rental Revenue (2) Annualized Rental Revenue per Occupied Square Foot (2) Defense/IT Portfolio: Fort Meade/BW Corridor: National Business Park (Annapolis Junction, MD) 34 4,293 99.3 176,899 41.49 Howard County, MD 35 2,862 93.9 78,389 29.12 Other 23 1,725 93.1 53,064 32.90 Fort Meade/BW Corridor Subtotal / Average 92 8,880 96.4 308,352 35.99 NoVA Defense/IT 16 2,501 88.9 82,482 37.09 Lackland Air Force Base 8 1,062 100.0 61,383 53.27 Navy Support 22 1,273 87.4 33,420 30.04 Redstone Arsenal 22 2,300 97.5 56,918 25.24 Data Center Shells: Consolidated Properties 6 1,408 100.0 31,087 22.08 Unconsolidated Joint Venture Properties 24 4,295 100.0 6,741 15.69 Defense/IT Portfolio Subtotal / Average 190 21,719 96.2 580,383 33.74 Other 8 2,140 73.2 66,277 38.42 Total Operating Properties / Average 198 23,859 94.2 646,660 34.14 Total Consolidated Operating Properties 639,920 
 (1) This percentage is based upon all rentable square feet under lease terms that were in effect as of December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Annualized rental revenue is the monthly contractual base rent as of December 31, 2023 (ignoring free rent then in effect and rent associated with tenant funded landlord assets) multiplied by 12, plus the estimated annualized expense reimbursements under existing leases for occupied space. With regard to properties owned through unconsolidated real estate joint ventures, we include the portion of annualized rental revenue allocable to our ownership interest. We consider annualized rental revenue to be a useful measure for analyzing revenue sources because, since it is point-in-time based, it does not contain increases and decreases in revenue associated with periods in which lease terms were not in effect; historical revenue under generally accepted accounting principles does contain such fluctuations. We find the measure particularly useful for leasing, tenant, segment and industry analysis. Our calculation of annualized rental revenue per occupied square foot excludes revenue of our reportable segments from leases not associated with our buildings. 
 
 19 

The following table provides certain information about properties that were under, or contractually committed for, development as of December 31, 2023 (dollars and square feet in thousands): 
 Property and Location Estimated Rentable Square Feet Upon Completion Percentage Leased Calendar Quarter Anticipated to be Operational Costs Incurred to Date (1) Estimated Costs to Complete (1) Redstone Arsenal: 5300 Redstone Gateway 
 Huntsville, Alabama 
 46 100 1Q 24 17,973 2,578 8100 Rideout Road 
 Huntsville, Alabama 
 128 42 3Q 24 30,485 13,478 Subtotal / Average 174 57 48,458 16,056 Data Center Shells: Southpoint Phase 2 Bldg A 
 Northern Virginia 
 225 100 3Q 24 20,760 61,740 Southpoint Phase 2 Bldg B 
 Northern Virginia 
 193 100 3Q 25 5,150 59,850 MP 3 
 Northern Virginia 
 225 100 4Q 25 10,031 101,769 Subtotal / Average 643 100 35,941 223,359 Total Under Development 817 91 84,399 239,415 
 (1) Includes land, development, leasing costs and allocated portion of structured parking and other shared infrastructure, if applicable. 
 
 The following table provides certain information about land that we owned or controlled as of December 31, 2023, including properties under ground lease to us (square feet in thousands): 
 Segment Acres Estimated Developable Square Feet Defense/IT Portfolio land owned/controlled for future development: Fort Meade/BW Corridor: National Business Park (Annapolis Junction, MD) 144 1,630 Howard County, MD 19 290 Other 126 1,338 Total Fort Meade/BW Corridor 289 3,258 NoVA Defense/IT 29 1,171 Navy Support 38 64 Redstone Arsenal (1) 300 3,400 Total Defense/IT Portfolio land owned/controlled for future development 656 7,893 Other land owned/controlled 53 1,538 Total Land Owned/Controlled 709 9,431 
 (1) This land is owned by the USG and is controlled under a long-term master lease agreement to a consolidated joint venture. As this land is developed in the future, the joint venture will execute site-specific leases under the master lease agreement. Lease payments will commence under the site-specific leases as cash rents under tenant leases commence at the respective properties. 
 
 20 

Lease Expirations 
 
 The following table provides a summary schedule of lease expirations for leases in place at our operating properties as of December 31, 2023 based on the non-cancelable term of tenant leases determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (dollars and square feet in thousands, except per square foot amounts): 
 Year of Lease Expiration Square Footage of Leases Expiring Annualized Rental Revenue of Expiring Leases (1) Percentage of Total Annualized Rental Revenue Expiring (1) Total Annualized Rental Revenue of Expiring Leases Per Occupied Square Foot (1) 2024 2,576 82,599 12.8 35.92 2025 3,645 145,662 22.5 39.51 2026 1,959 61,398 9.5 39.41 2027 1,714 49,383 7.6 35.59 2028 2,418 64,392 10.0 32.92 2029 2,321 52,455 8.1 30.72 2030 1,320 29,624 4.6 28.51 2031 959 16,649 2.6 29.19 2032 230 7,209 1.1 31.30 2033 646 22,836 3.5 35.37 2034 1,438 32,661 5.1 29.46 2035 1,080 33,217 5.1 30.75 2036 1,010 9,908 1.5 29.44 2037 102 9,573 1.5 92.86 2038 569 14,207 2.2 24.96 2039 483 9,786 1.5 20.25 2041 (2) 4,841 0.8 N/A 2063 (2) 135 N/A 2072 (2) 125 N/A Total 22,470 646,660 100.0 34.14 
 (1) Refer to definition provided on first page of Item 2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Includes only ground leases. 
 
 With regard to the leases reported above as expiring in 2024, we believe that the weighted average annualized rental revenue per occupied square foot for such leases as of December 31, 2023, on average, approximated estimated current market rents for the related space, with specific results varying by market. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are not currently involved in any material litigation nor, to our knowledge, is any material litigation currently threatened against us (other than routine litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, substantially all of which is expected to be covered by liability insurance). 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 21 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 (a) In September 2023, the ticker symbol under which our common shares are publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE changed from OFC to CDP . The number of holders of record of our common shares was 439 as of February 7, 2024. This number does not include shareholders whose shares were held of record by a brokerage house or clearing agency, but does include any such brokerage house or clearing agency as one record holder. 
 
 Common Shares Performance Graph 
 
 The graph and the table set forth below assume 100 was invested on December 31, 2018 in our common shares. The graph and the table compare the cumulative return (assuming reinvestment of dividends) of this investment with a 100 investment at that time in the S P 500 Index, the FTSE All Equity REITs Index of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts Nareit (the All Equity REITs Index and the Office Property Sector of the FTSE All Equity REITs Index of Nareit (the Office Sector Index ): 
 
 Period Ended Index 12/31/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/31/22 12/31/23 COPT Defense Properties 100.00 145.23 134.90 150.59 145.69 150.89 S P 500 Index 100.00 131.49 155.68 200.37 164.08 207.21 Office Property Sector of FTSE Nareit All Equity REITs Index 100.00 131.42 107.19 130.77 81.58 83.23 FTSE Nareit All Equity REITs Index 100.00 128.66 122.07 172.49 129.45 144.16 
 
 In our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, we used the All Equity REITs Index for purposes of comparing the performance of our shares to an industry index of our peers. Effective for our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, we changed the industry index of our peers to the Office Sector Index as we believe it to be a closer representation of our business model than the broader index we previously used. Since 2023 is the initial year for our change in the industry index of our peers, we are presenting both of these indexes in the graph and table included above. 
 
 Shares Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 For the information required by Item 5 (a) related to shares authorized for issuance under equity compensation plan, you should refer to our definitive proxy statement relating to the 2024 Annual Meeting of our Shareholders to be filed with the 
 22 

Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 (b) Not applicable 
 
 (c) None 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 23 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 You should refer to our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto as you read this section. 
 
 This section contains forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections about future events and financial trends affecting the financial condition and operations of our business. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as may, will, should, could, believe, anticipate, expect, estimate, plan or other comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which we cannot predict with accuracy and some of which we might not even anticipate. Although we believe that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions at the time made, we can give no assurance that these expectations, estimates and projections will be achieved. Future events and actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that may affect these expectations, estimates and projections include, but are not limited to: 
 
 > general economic and business conditions, which will, among other things, affect office property and data center demand and rents, tenant creditworthiness, interest rates, financing availability, property operating and construction costs, and property values; 
 > adverse changes in the real estate markets, including, among other things, increased competition with other companies; 
 > our ability to borrow on favorable terms; 
 > risks of property acquisition and development activities, including, among other things, risks that development projects may not be completed on schedule, that tenants may not take occupancy or pay rent or that development or operating costs may be greater than anticipated; 
 > risks of investing through joint venture structures, including risks that our joint venture partners may not fulfill their financial obligations as investors or may take actions that are inconsistent with our objectives; 
 > changes in our plans for properties or views of market economic conditions or failure to obtain development rights, either of which could result in recognition of significant impairment losses; 
 > potential impact of a prolonged government shutdowns or budgetary reductions or impasses, such as a reduction of rental revenues, non-renewal of leases and/or reduced or delayed demand for additional space by existing or new tenants; 
 > potential additional costs, such as capital improvements, fees and penalties, associated with environmental laws or regulations; 
 > adverse changes resulting from other government actions and initiatives, such as changes in taxation, zoning laws or other regulations. 
 > our ability to satisfy and operate effectively under federal income tax rules relating to real estate investment trusts and partnerships; 
 > the dilutive effects of issuing additional common shares; and 
 > security breaches relating to cyber attacks, cyber intrusions or other factors, and other significant disruptions of our information technology networks and related systems. 
 
 We undertake no obligation to publicly update or supplement forward-looking statements. 
 
 Overview 
 
 In 2023, we: 
 
 > experienced continued strong demand across our Defense/IT Portfolio segments that drove: 
 > strengthened occupancy of our operating properties, with year-end occupancy and leased rates at near-record levels; and 
 > near-record tenant retention rates, at increased rent levels; 
 > continued growth through substantially pre-leased development, with space placed in service during the year that was virtually full and a pipeline of substantially pre-leased properties under development at year end; 
 > raised capital from a sale of interests in data center shell properties, using the proceeds to create borrowing capacity to fund future development activities; 
 > opportunistically issued debt through a private placement to pre-fund the expected borrowings needed to fund our forecasted development activities for most of the next three years; and 
 > ended the year with no significant debt maturing until 2026, most of our Revolving Credit Facility s borrowing capacity available and significant cash balances on hand. 
 
 Strong demand from our Defense/IT Portfolio drove increased property occupancy that more than offset the continuing effects of lagging demand in our Other segment. Our strengthened operating property occupancy in 2023 included increases in: 
 
 > total portfolio year-end occupancy rate from 92.7 to 94.2 , with a year-end leased rate of 95.3 ; 
 > Defense/IT Portfolio year-end occupancy rate from 94.1 to 96.2 , with a year-end leased rate of 97.2 ; 
 24 

> Same Property year-end occupancy rate from 92.0 to 93.4 , with a year-end leased rate of 94.7 for our Same Properties in total and 96.8 for the Defense/IT Portfolio component; and 
 > average Same Property occupancy from 91.6 to 92.7 , and from 92.9 to 94.7 for the Defense/IT Portfolio component. 
 
 We also in 2023 achieved a tenant retention rate of 79.7 for the portfolio, and 85.7 for our Defense/IT Portfolio segment, which were near record levels. Our increased occupancy and leased rates were attributable primarily to our strong tenant retention coupled with the effects of our vacant space leasing efforts. 
 
 Defense/IT Portfolio demand also continued to feed growth in our portfolio through property development. In 2023, our Defense/IT Portfolio: 
 
 > placed into service 848,000 square feet in six properties that were 98 leased, mostly in our Data Center Shells, Redstone Arsenal and Fort Meade/BW Corridor sub-segments; and 
 > ended the year with 817,000 square feet under development in an additional five properties that were 91 leased, three of which were scheduled to be placed in service in 2024. Our properties under development included three data center shells and two properties in Redstone Arsenal. 
 
 We believe that our Defense/IT Portfolio has strongly benefited from continued: 
 
 > defense budget appropriation increases, with bipartisan support, and without extended delays in appropriations in recent years. As global threats to our national security and that of our allies continue to evolve and, in some cases, escalate, we believe that defense spending for the critical missions that our portfolio supports, such as intelligence, surveillance and cyber, will continue to be considered vital for the foreseeable future. However, future leasing demand could be delayed or diminish if this bipartisan support does not continue or if appropriations legislation to fund approved defense budgets faces extended delays (including the USG s 2024 fiscal year defense budget, which was authorized but was awaiting appropriations as of the date of this filing); and 
 > demand for data center shells in Northern Virginia, one of the largest data center markets in the world. We believe that our properties in operations and undergoing development in this sub-segment will continue to benefit from strong demand through high tenant retention, with renewals at increased rental rates. However, as of December 31, 2023, we did not have additional land under control in Northern Virginia for the future development of data center shells. As a result, our ability to continue to develop data center shells, as we have for the past decade, may be limited. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had scheduled lease expirations for 2.6 million square feet in 2024, representing 11.5 of our total occupied square feet and 12.8 of our total annualized rental revenue, including: 
 
 > 2.4 million square feet in our Defense/IT Portfolio segment, a high proportion of which we expect to renew; and 
 > 161,000 square feet in our Other segment, most of which we do not expect to renew. 
 
 Please refer to the section below entitled Occupancy and Leasing for additional related disclosure. 
 
 On January 10, 2023, we raised 190.2 million in capital from our sale of a 90 interest in three data center shell properties in Northern Virginia, resulting in a gain on sale of 49.4 million. We retained a 10 interest in the properties through a newly-formed joint venture. We used substantially all of the proceeds from this sale to pay down our Revolving Credit Facility to create additional borrowing capacity available to fund future development. 
 
 On September 12, 2023, we issued 345.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.25 Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2028 (the 5.25 Notes in a private placement to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). While we were previously anticipating issuing debt through the capital markets in late-2024, due to what we considered to be a potentially challenging capital environment, we opportunistically completed this issuance to remove future execution and debt-pricing risk, while pre-funding and creating capacity under our Revolving Credit Facility for the expected borrowings needed to fund our forecasted development activities for most of the next three years. The proceeds from this issuance, after deducting the initial purchasers commissions, but before other offering expenses, were 336.4 million. The net proceeds from the notes were primarily used for general corporate purposes, including repayment of borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility and pre-funding of future development investments, which resulted in a portion of the net proceeds being invested in short-term interest-bearing money market accounts pending such use. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we ended the year, with: 
 
 > no significant debt maturing until 2026; 
 > 525.0 million in available borrowing capacity under our Revolving Credit Facility; 
 > no variable-rate debt exposure expected until late-2024, including the effect of interest rate swaps; 
 > only 4.1 of our outstanding debt encumbered by properties; and 
 25 

> 167.8 million in cash on hand. 
 
 In 2023, the United States economy experienced inflationary conditions, increased interest rates, higher volatility in the debt and equity capital markets and certain supply-chain related shortages that, coupled with increased prevalence of remote- and flexible-work arrangements in recent years, adversely affected the United States office real estate industry. For us: 
 
 > the above conditions have not significantly affected our ability to achieve expected leasing in our Defense/IT Portfolio, although the properties in our Other segment continue to experience a challenging leasing environment that has not improved; 
 > inflationary conditions have contributed to increased costs for certain property operating expenses and building equipment and materials, which affects our development of new properties and improvements for existing properties. For: 
 > property operating expenses, mo st of our leases obligate tenants to pay either their full share of a building s operating expenses or their share to the extent such expenses exceed amounts established in their leases . T hese lease arrangements reduce our exposure to increases in property operating expenses; 
 > new property development and tenant improvements associated with new leasing in our Defense/IT Portfolio, increased costs have not significantly affected our ability to achieve targeted yields due to continued strong demand for space, which has generally enabled us to increase rents to maintain such yields. However, continued cost increases could adversely affect our ability to continue to achieve targeted yields on future new property development and future new leasing of our existing properties to the extent increases in market rental rates do not keep pace; this could also reduce our willingness to develop, or our tenants willingness to commit to leasing, new properties ; and 
 > other capital improvements, the increasing cost environment could affect our willingness, or timeline, for completing such improvements; 
 > we observed uncertainty in the debt markets in 2023 both in terms of availability and pricing, particularly for commercial real estate. Due to this uncertainty, we chose to issue our 5.25 Notes to remove future execution and debt-pricing risk by pre-funding and creating capacity under our Revolving Credit Facility for the expected borrowings needed to fund forecasted future development activities; 
 > the effects of increased interest rates were limited to a certain extent since our debt is predominantly fixed rate and in the form of long-term unsecured notes that we issued prior to 2022. Notable effects include the following: 
 > for variable-rate loans, we use interest rate swaps to hedge the effect of interest rate changes. We had interest rate swaps for a 200.0 million notional amount that fixed the one-month LIBOR interest rate in 2022 at 1.9 through December 1, 2022; and, effective February 1, 2023, fixed the one-month SOFR interest rate at 3.7 for a three-year term; 
 > for the 5.25 Notes issuance, the interest rate was higher than our previous senior notes issuance in November 2021; and 
 > for net proceeds resulting from the 5.25 Notes issuance that we invested in short-term money market accounts pending use for future development activities, elevated U.S. Treasury Rates in 2023 enabled us to realize interest income at rates slightly in excess of the debt issuance rate; and 
 > both our operating and development activities experienced supply-chain related shortages in 2023 that, due in large part to our anticipatory efforts, did not significantly affect our ability to execute such activities. 
 
 In addition, we owned eight office properties in our Other segment as of December 31, 2023 that we do not consider strategic holdings since they do not align with our Defense/IT strategy. We intend to sell these properties when we believe that market conditions and opportunities position us to optimize our return on investment. However, we did not initiate plans for sales of these properties in 2023 due in part to the anticipated effects of increased interest rates and debt availability on potential buyers. 
 
 For our 2023 results of operations: 
 
 > our diluted earnings per share decreased from 1.53 per share in 2022 to a loss per share of (0.67) in 2023, and our net income decreased from 178.8 million in 2022 to a loss of (74.3) million in 2023 due primarily to 252.8 million in impairment losses that we recognized in 2023. We recognized these impairment losses on: six operating properties in our Other segment after shortening their expected holding periods; and a parcel of other land that we controlled; 
 > net operating income NOI from real estate operations, our segment performance measure, increased 21.8 million, or 6.0 , relative to 2022. This change was comprised primarily of: 
 > a 26.4 million increase from newly-developed properties placed in service; and 
 > a 10.5 million increase from our Same Properties, which included the effect of increased occupancy in our Defense/IT Portfolio; offset in part by 
 > a 15.1 million decrease from property dispositions; and 
 > diluted funds from operations per share, as adjusted for comparability increased 2.5 and the numerator for that measure increased 6.9 million, or 2.6 , relative to 2022, due primarily to increased NOI from real estate operations in 2023, offset in part by higher interest expense. 
 
 Additional disclosure comparing our 2023 and 2022 results of operations is provided below. 
 
 26 

We discuss significant factors contributing to changes in our net income between 2023 and 2022 in the section below entitled Results of Operations. In addition, the section below entitled Liquidity and Capital Resources includes discussions of, among other things: 
 
 > how we expect to generate and obtain cash for short and long-term capital needs; and 
 > material cash requirements for known contractual and other obligations. 
 
 We refer to the measures annualized rental revenue and tenant retention rate in various sections of the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Annualized rental revenue is a measure that we use to evaluate the source of our rental revenue as of a point in time. It is computed by multiplying by 12 the sum of monthly contractual base rents and estimated monthly expense reimbursements under active leases as of a point in time (ignoring free rent then in effect and rent associated with tenant funded landlord assets). Our computation of annualized rental revenue excludes the effect of lease incentives. We consider annualized rental revenue to be a useful measure for analyzing revenue sources because, since it is point-in-time based, it does not contain increases and decreases in revenue associated with periods in which lease terms were not in effect; historical revenue under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP does contain such fluctuations. We find the measure particularly useful for leasing, tenant, segment and industry analysis. Tenant retention rate is a measure we use that represents the percentage of square feet renewed in a period relative to the total square feet scheduled to expire in that period; we include the effect of early renewals in this measure. 
 
 We also refer to the measures cash rents , straight-line rents , and committed costs in the Occupancy and Leasing section of the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Cash rents include monthly contractual base rent (ignoring rent abatements and rent associated with tenant funded landlord assets) multiplied by 12, plus estimated annualized expense reimbursements (average for first 12 months of term for new or renewed leases or as of lease expiration for expiring leases). Straight-line rents include annual minimum base rents, net of abatements and lease incentives and excluding rent associated with tenant funded landlord assets, on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, and estimated annual expense reimbursements (as of lease commencement for new or renewed leases or as of lease expiration for expiring leases). We believe that cash rents and straight-line rents are useful measures for evaluating the rental rates of our leasing activity, including changes in such rates relative to rates that may have been previously in place, with cash rents serving as a measure to evaluate rents at the time rent payments commence, and straight-line rents serving as a measure to evaluate rents over the related lease terms. Committed costs includes tenant improvement allowances (excluding tenant funded landlord assets), leasing commissions and estimated turn key costs and excludes lease incentives; we believe this is a useful measure for evaluating our costs associated with obtaining new leases. 
 
 With regard to our operating portfolio square footage, occupancy and leasing statistics included below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, amounts disclosed include total information pertaining to properties owned through unconsolidated real estate joint ventures except for amounts reported for annualized rental revenue, which represent the portion attributable to our ownership interest. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which require us to make certain estimates and assumptions. A summary of our significant accounting policies is provided in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. The following section is a summary of certain aspects of those accounting policies involving estimates or assumptions that (1) involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and (2) have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. It is possible that the use of different reasonable estimates or assumptions could result in materially different amounts being reported in our consolidated financial statements. While reviewing this section, refer to Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, including terms defined therein. 
 
 Assessment of Lease Term as Lessor 
 
 As discussed above, a significant portion of our portfolio is leased to the USG, and the majority of those leases provide for one-year terms, with a series of one-year renewal options (with defined rent escalations upon renewal), and/or provide for early termination rights. Applicable accounting guidance requires us to recognize minimum rental payments on operating leases, net of rent abatements, on a straight-line basis over the term of each lease. We estimate a tenant s lease term at the lease commencement date and do not subsequently reassess such term unless the lease is modified. When estimating a tenant s lease term, we use judgment in contemplating the significance of: any penalties a tenant may incur should it choose not to exercise any existing options to extend the lease or exercise any existing options to terminate the lease; and economic incentives to the tenant based on any existing contract, asset, entity or market-based factors associated with the lease. Factors we consider in making this assessment include the uniqueness of the purpose or location of the property, the availability of a comparable replacement property, the relative importance or significance of the property to the continuation of the lessee s line of business and the existence of tenant leasehold improvements or other assets whose value would be impaired by the tenant vacating or discontinuing use of the leased property. For most of our leases with the USG, our estimates of lease term conclude 
 27 

that exercise of existing renewal options, or continuation of such leases without exercising early termination rights, is reasonably certain as it relates to the expected lease end date. As a result, our recognition of minimum rents on these leases includes the effect of annual rent escalations over our estimate of the lease term (including on one-year renewal options) and our depreciation and amortization of costs incurred on these leases is recognized over the lease term. An over-estimate of the term of these leases by us could result in the write-off of any recorded assets associated with straight-line rental revenue and acceleration of depreciation and amortization expense associated with costs we incurred related to these leases. We had no significant USG leases with lease terms determined to have been over-estimated during the reporting periods included herein. 
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 We assess the asset groups associated with each of our properties for indicators of impairment quarterly or when circumstances indicate that an asset group may be impaired. If our analyses indicate that the carrying values of certain properties asset groups may be impaired, we perform a recoverability analysis for such asset groups. If and when our plans change for a property, we revise our recoverability analyses to use the cash flows expected from the operations and eventual disposition of such property using holding periods that are consistent with our revised plans. In our accounting for impairment of long-lived assets, we estimate property fair values based on contract prices, indicative bids, discounted cash flow analyses or comparable sales analyses. We estimate cash flows used in performing impairment analyses based on our plans for the property and our views of market and economic conditions. Our estimates consider items such as current and future market rental and occupancy rates, estimated operating and capital expenditures, leasing commissions, absorption and hold periods and recent sales data for comparable properties; most of these items are influenced by market data obtained from real estate leasing and brokerage firms and our direct experience with the properties and their markets. Our determination of appropriate capitalization or discount rates for use in estimating property fair values also requires significant judgment and is typically based on many factors, including the prevailing rate for the market or submarket, as well as the quality, location and other unique attributes of the property. 
 
 Since asset groups associated with properties held for sale are carried at the lower of their carrying values (i.e., cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment loss recognized, where applicable) or estimated fair values less costs to sell, decisions by us to sell certain properties will result in impairment losses if the carrying values of the specific properties asset groups classified as held for sale exceed such properties estimated fair values less costs to sell. Our estimates of fair value consider matters such as recent sales data for comparable properties and, where applicable, contracts or the results of negotiations with prospective purchasers. These estimates are subject to revision as market conditions, and our assessment of such conditions, change. 
 
 Historically, future market rental and occupancy rates have tended to be the most variable assumption in our impairment analyses of properties to be held and used; while changes in these assumptions can significantly affect our estimates of property undiscounted future cash flows in our recoverability analyses, such changes historically have not usually resulted in impairment losses since the resulting recoverability analyses still have tended to exceed the carrying value of the property asset groups. Historically, our recognition of impairment losses has most often occurred due to changes in our estimates of future cash flows resulting from a change in our plans for a property, such as a decision by us to sell or shorten our expected holding period for a property or to not develop a property. Changes in the estimated future cash flows due to changes in our plans for a property or significant changes in our views regarding property market and economic conditions and/or our ability to obtain development rights could result in recognition of impairment losses that could be substantial. 
 
 28 

Concentration of Operations 
 
 Customer Concentration of Property Operations 
 
 The table below sets forth the 20 largest tenants in our portfolio of operating properties based on percentage of annualized rental revenue: 
 Percentage of Annualized Rental Revenue of Operating Properties for 20 Largest Tenants as of December 31, Tenant (1) 2023 2022 2021 USG 35.9 35.5 35.6 Fortune 100 Company 8.7 8.4 9.2 General Dynamics Corporation 5.0 5.1 5.6 CACI International Inc 2.3 2.4 2.4 Northrop Grumman Corporation 2.3 2.4 1.4 The Boeing Company 2.3 2.4 2.5 Peraton Corp. 2.0 2.1 2.1 Booz Allen Hamilton, Inc. 1.8 1.9 1.9 Fortune 100 Company 1.8 1.9 N/A Morrison Foerster, LLP 1.5 1.4 1.0 CareFirst Inc. 1.4 1.5 1.7 KBR, Inc. 1.2 1.2 N/A Yulista Holding, LLC 1.1 1.1 1.1 RTX Corporation 1.1 1.1 1.1 Miles and Stockbridge, PC 1.0 1.1 1.0 AT T Corporation 1.0 1.1 1.1 Mantech International Corp. 1.0 1.0 1.0 Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 1.0 1.0 1.0 Wells Fargo Company 1.0 1.1 1.1 University System of Maryland 0.9 N/A 0.8 The MITRE Corporation N/A 0.8 0.8 Transamerica Life Insurance Company N/A N/A 0.9 Subtotal of 20 largest tenants 74.3 74.5 73.3 All remaining tenants 25.7 25.5 26.7 Total 100.0 100.0 100.0 Total annualized rental revenue 646,660 609,700 589,425 
 (1) Includes affiliated organizations where applicable. 
 
 29 

Concentration of Properties by Segment 
 
 The table below sets forth the segment allocation of our annualized rental revenue (excluding our Wholesale Data Center that we sold on January 25, 2022) as of the end of the last three calendar years: 
 Percentage of Annualized Rental Revenue as of December 31, Number of Properties as of December 31, Region 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2021 Defense/IT Portfolio: Fort Meade/BW Corridor 47.7 46.8 47.0 92 91 90 NoVA Defense/IT 12.8 13.3 13.9 16 16 16 Lackland Air Force Base 9.5 9.9 10.6 8 8 8 Navy Support 5.2 5.4 5.9 22 22 21 Redstone Arsenal 8.8 7.6 5.4 22 21 17 Data Center Shells 5.8 6.7 5.3 30 28 26 Total Defense/IT Portfolio 89.8 89.7 88.1 190 186 178 Other 10.2 10.3 11.9 8 8 8 100.0 100.0 100.0 198 194 186 
 
 The changes in revenue concentration reflected above between year-end 2022 and 2023 were attributable primarily to the: increasing effects in 2023 of occupied properties placed in service (most notably for Fort Meade/BW Corridor, Redstone Arsenal and Data Center Shells) and occupancy from vacant space leasing for Fort Meade/BW Corridor and Redstone Arsenal; offset in part by the decreasing effect from our sale of interests in Data Center Shells in 2023. 
 
 Occupancy and Leasing 
 
 The tables below set forth occupancy information (excluding our Wholesale Data Center that we sold on January 25, 2022): 
 December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Occupancy rates at period end Total 94.2 92.7 92.4 Defense/IT Portfolio: Fort Meade/BW Corridor 96.4 92.7 90.0 NoVA Defense/IT 88.9 90.0 88.3 Lackland Air Force Base 100.0 100.0 100.0 Navy Support 87.4 89.8 93.9 Redstone Arsenal 97.5 89.9 90.8 Data Center Shells 100.0 100.0 100.0 Total Defense/IT Portfolio 96.2 94.1 93.0 Other 73.2 78.8 87.0 Annualized rental revenue per occupied square foot at year end 34.14 33.16 32.47 
 
 Rentable Square Feet Occupied Square Feet (in thousands) December 31, 2022 23,006 21,327 Vacated upon lease expiration (1) (504) Occupancy for new leases 818 Development placed in service 848 827 Other changes 5 2 December 31, 2023 23,859 22,470 
 (1) Includes lease terminations and space reductions occurring in connection with lease renewals. 
 
 30 

With regard to changes in occupancy from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2023: 
 
 > Fort Meade/BW Corridor: Increase was due primarily to the commencement of occupancy from vacant space leasing in a number of properties in this sub-segment; 
 > Navy Support: Decreased despite an 80.5 tenant retention rate in 2023 due to minimal commencement of occupancy from vacant space leasing. As of December 31, 2023 we had scheduled lease expirations in 2024 for 352,000 square feet, or 32 , of this sub-segment s occupied square feet, most of which we expect to renew; 
 > Redstone Arsenal: Increase was due primarily to the commencement of occupancy from vacant space leasing in a number of properties in this sub-segment; and 
 > Other: Decreased due to vacated space resulting from its 25.3 tenant retention rate and minimal vacant space leasing. 
 
 In 2023, we leased 2.9 million square feet, including 747,000 square feet of development space in our Defense/IT Portfolio, with weighted average lease terms of 14.4 years. 
 
 In 2023, we renewed leases on 1.7 million square feet, representing a tenant retention rate of 79.7 . Most of these lease renewals were for our Defense/IT Portfolio, which had a retention rate of 85.7 , while our Other segment had a retention rate of 25.3 . The cash rents for our renewals (totaling 34.69 per square foot) increased on average by approximately 1.5 and the straight-line rents (totaling 34.69 per square foot) increased on average by approximately 9.3 relative to the leases previously in place for the space. The renewed leases had a weighted average lease term of approximately 4.8 years, with average escalations per year of 2.6 , and the per annum average committed costs associated with completing the leasing was approximately 3.16 per square foot. 
 
 In 2023, we also completed leasing on 452,000 square feet of vacant space, predominantly for our Defense/IT Portfolio. The cash rents of this leasing totaled 34.87 per square foot and the straight-line rents totaled 35.10 per square foot; these leases had a weighted average lease term of approximately 8.2 years, with average escalations per year of 2.5 , and the per annum average committed costs associated with completing this leasing was approximately 9.41 per square foot. 
 
 Lease Expirations 
 
 The table below sets forth as of December 31, 2023 our scheduled lease expirations based on the non-cancelable term of tenant leases determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for our properties by segment/sub-segment in terms of percentage of annualized rental revenue: 
 Expiration of Annualized Rental Revenue of Operating Properties 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Defense/IT Portfolio: Fort Meade/BW Corridor 8.4 11.1 5.1 4.0 7.1 11.9 47.7 NoVA Defense/IT 1.5 1.8 0.3 1.0 1.1 7.0 12.8 Lackland Air Force Base 0.0 6.2 1.9 0.0 0.0 1.4 9.5 Navy Support 1.6 0.7 0.9 1.2 0.2 0.5 5.2 Redstone Arsenal 0.5 1.1 0.1 0.7 0.0 6.4 8.8 Data Center Shells 0.1 0.0 0.1 0.1 0.1 5.4 5.8 Other 0.7 1.6 0.9 0.7 1.4 5.0 10.2 Total 12.8 22.5 9.5 7.6 10.0 37.6 100.0 
 
 The weighted average lease term as of December 31, 2023 was approximately five years. We believe that the weighted average annualized rental revenue per occupied square foot for leases expiring in 2024, on average, approximated estimated current market rents for the related space, with specific results varying by segment/sub-segment. 

Results of Operations 
 
 For a discussion of our results of operations comparison for 2022 and 2021, refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 filed on February 24, 2023. 
 
 We evaluate the operating performance of our properties using NOI from real estate operations, our segment performance measure, which includes: real estate revenues and property operating expenses from continuing and discontinued operations; and the net of revenues and property operating expenses of real estate operations owned through unconsolidated real estate 
 31 

joint ventures UJVs that is allocable to our ownership interest UJV NOI allocable to COPT Defense ). The table below reconciles NOI from real estate operations to net (loss) income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 (in thousands) Net (loss) income (74,347) 178,822 Construction contract and other service revenues (60,179) (154,632) Depreciation and other amortization associated with real estate operations 148,950 141,230 Construction contract and other service expenses 57,416 149,963 Impairment losses 252,797 General, administrative, leasing and other expenses 42,769 38,991 Interest expense 71,142 61,174 Interest and other income, net (12,587) (9,070) Gain on sales of real estate from continuing operations (49,392) (19,250) Loss on early extinguishment of debt 609 Equity in loss (income) of unconsolidated entities 261 (1,743) UJV NOI allocable to COPT Defense included in equity in (loss) income of unconsolidated entities 6,659 4,327 Income tax expense 588 447 Discontinued operations (29,573) Revenues from real estate operations from discontinued operations 1,980 Property operating expenses from discontinued operations (971) NOI from real estate operations 384,077 362,304 
 
 We view our changes in NOI from real estate operations as being comprised of the following primary categories: 
 
 > Same Property, which we define as properties stably owned and 100 operational throughout the two years being compared. For further discussion of the concept of operational, refer to the Properties section of Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements; 
 > developed or redeveloped properties placed into service that were not 100 operational throughout the two years being compared; and 
 > disposed properties. 
 
 In addition to owning properties, we provide construction management and other services. The primary manner in which we evaluate the operating performance of our construction management and other service activities is through a measure we define as NOI from service operations, which is based on the net of the revenues and expenses from these activities. The revenues and expenses from these activities consist primarily of subcontracted costs that are reimbursed to us by customers along with a management fee. The operating margins from these activities are small relative to the revenue. We believe NOI from service operations is a useful measure in assessing both our level of activity and our profitability in conducting such operations. 
 
 Since both of the measures discussed above exclude certain items includable in net income or loss, reliance on these measures has limitations; management compensates for these limitations by using the measures simply as supplemental measures that are considered alongside other GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of NOI from real estate operations and NOI from service operations to (loss) income from continuing operations reported on the consolidated statements of operations is provided in Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 32 

Comparison of Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Variance (in thousands) Revenues Revenues from real estate operations 624,803 584,398 40,405 Construction contract and other service revenues 60,179 154,632 (94,453) Total revenues 684,982 739,030 (54,048) Operating expenses Property operating expenses 247,385 227,430 19,955 Depreciation and amortization associated with real estate operations 148,950 141,230 7,720 Construction contract and other service expenses 57,416 149,963 (92,547) Impairment losses 252,797 252,797 General, administrative, leasing and other expenses 42,769 38,991 3,778 Total operating expenses 749,317 557,614 191,703 Interest expense (71,142) (61,174) (9,968) Interest and other income, net 12,587 9,070 3,517 Gain on sales of real estate 49,392 19,250 30,142 Loss on early extinguishment of debt (609) 609 Equity in (loss) income of unconsolidated entities (261) 1,743 (2,004) Income tax expense (588) (447) (141) (Loss) income from continuing operations (74,347) 149,249 (223,596) Discontinued operations 29,573 (29,573) Net (loss) income (74,347) 178,822 (253,169) 
 
 33 

NOI from Real Estate Operations 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Variance (Dollars in thousands, except per square foot data) Revenues Same Property revenues Lease revenue, excluding lease termination revenue and collectability loss provisions 567,320 544,312 23,008 Lease termination revenue, net 3,745 2,237 1,508 Collectability loss provisions included in lease revenue (1,313) (745) (568) Other property revenue 4,832 4,077 755 Same Property total revenues 574,584 549,881 24,703 Developed and redeveloped properties placed in service 42,156 10,515 31,641 Dispositions, net of retained interest in newly-formed UJVs 400 21,404 (21,004) Other 7,663 4,578 3,085 624,803 586,378 38,425 Property operating expenses Same Property (234,052) (219,876) (14,176) Developed and redeveloped properties placed in service (6,421) (1,177) (5,244) Dispositions, net of retained interest in newly-formed UJVs (56) (3,665) 3,609 Other (6,856) (3,683) (3,173) (247,385) (228,401) (18,984) UJV NOI allocable to COPT Defense Same Property 4,301 4,308 (7) Retained interests in newly-formed UJVs 2,358 19 2,339 6,659 4,327 2,332 NOI from real estate operations Same Property 344,833 334,313 10,520 Developed and redeveloped properties placed in service 35,735 9,338 26,397 Dispositions, net of retained interest in newly-formed UJVs 2,702 17,758 (15,056) Other 807 895 (88) 384,077 362,304 21,773 Same Property NOI from real estate operations by segment Defense/IT Portfolio 316,701 305,377 11,324 Other 28,132 28,936 (804) 344,833 334,313 10,520 Same Property rent statistics Average occupancy rate 92.7 91.6 1.1 Average straight-line rent per occupied square foot (1) 27.13 26.94 0.19 
 (1) Includes minimum base rents, net of abatements and lease incentives and excluding lease termination revenue, on a straight-line basis for the years set forth above. 
 
 Our Same Property pool consisted of 180 properties, comprising 86.4 of our portfolio s square footage as of December 31, 2023. This pool of properties changed from the pool used for purposes of comparing 2022 and 2021 in our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K due to the: addition of seven properties placed in service and 100 operational on or before January 1, 2022 and two properties owned through a UJV that was formed in 2021; and removal of three properties in which we sold a 90 interest in 2023. 
 
 34 

Regarding the changes in NOI from real estate operations reported above: 
 
 > the increase for our Same Property pool was due in large part to additional revenue in 2023 resulting from higher occupancy and the commencement of tenant expense reimbursements on certain recently commenced leases; 
 > developed and redeveloped properties placed in service reflects the effect of 13 properties placed in service in 2023 and 2022; and 
 > dispositions, net of retained interest in newly-formed UJVs reflects the effect of our sale of 90 of our interests in three data center shells in 2023 and two in 2022, as well as the sale of our wholesale data center on January 25, 2022. 
 
 NOI from Service Operations 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Variance (in thousands) Construction contract and other service revenues 60,179 154,632 (94,453) Construction contract and other service expenses (57,416) (149,963) 92,547 NOI from service operations 2,763 4,669 (1,906) 
 
 Construction contract and other service revenues and expenses decreased in 2023 due primarily to a lower volume of construction activity for one of our tenants. Construction contract activity is inherently subject to significant variability depending on the volume and nature of projects undertaken by us on behalf of tenants. Service operations are an ancillary component of our overall operations that typically contribute an insignificant amount of income relative to our real estate operations. 
 
 Impairment Losses 
 
 As part of our closing process for the three months ended September 30, 2023, we conducted our quarterly review of our portfolio of long-lived assets to be held and used for indicators of impairment. As a result of this process, we shortened the expected holding periods for six operating properties in our Other segment and a parcel of land located in Baltimore, Maryland, Northern Virginia and Washington, D.C. We determined that the carrying amount of the properties would not likely be recovered from the undiscounted cash flows from the operations and sales of the properties over the shortened holding periods. Accordingly, we recognized impairment losses of 252.8 million on these properties during 2023. 
 
 General, Administrative, Leasing and Other Expenses 
 
 Our general, administrative, leasing and other expenses are net of amounts capitalized for compensation and indirect costs associated with properties, or portions thereof, undergoing development or redevelopment activities. Our capitalized compensation and indirect costs totaled 9.5 million in 2023 and 10.7 million in 2022. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 The table below sets forth components of our interest expense: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Variance (in thousands) Interest on unsecured senior notes 53,546 47,496 6,050 Interest on mortgage and other secured debt 5,072 4,632 440 Interest on unsecured term debt 8,139 3,503 4,636 Interest on Revolving Credit Facility 8,341 6,800 1,541 Interest expense (offsets) additions from interest rate swaps (3,900) 946 (4,846) Amortization of deferred financing costs 2,580 2,297 283 Other interest 1,843 2,209 (366) Capitalized interest (4,479) (6,709) 2,230 Interest expense 71,142 61,174 9,968 
 
 Regarding the changes in interest expense components reported above: the increase for unsecured senior notes was attributable to the 5.25 Notes issued in September 2023; and the increases for the unsecured term debt and Revolving Credit Facility were attributable to higher variable interest rates, the effect of which was mostly offset by interest rate swaps in place during the respective periods. While our debt is predominantly fixed rate and in the form of long-term unsecured notes, for variable-rate loans, we used interest rate swaps to hedge the effect of interest rate changes, including swaps for a 200.0 million 
 35 

notional amount that: fixed the one-month LIBOR interest rate in 2022 at 1.9 through December 1, 2022; and, effective February 1, 2023, fixed the one-month SOFR interest rate at 3.7 for a three-year term. 
 
 Our average outstanding debt was 2.3 billion in 2023 and 2022, and our weighted average effective interest rate on debt was approximately 3.0 in 2023 and 2.8 in 2022. 
 
 Interest and Other Income, Net 
 
 Interest and other income, net increased in 2023 due in large part to interest income earned from a portion of the net proceeds from the 5.25 Notes issuance being invested in short-term interest-bearing money market accounts. 
 
 Gain on Sales of Real Estate 
 
 The gain on sales of real estate recognized in 2023 was due to our sale of a 90 interest in three data center shell properties. Gain on sales of real estate in 2022 was due to our sale of a 90 interest in two data center shell properties. 
 
 Discontinued Operations 
 
 Discontinued operations includes our wholesale data center, including 28.6 million in gain from its sale on January 25, 2022. 
 
 Funds from Operations 
 
 Funds from operations FFO is defined as net income or loss computed using GAAP, excluding gains on sales and impairment losses of real estate and investments in UJVs (net of associated income tax) and real estate-related depreciation and amortization. FFO also includes adjustments to net income or loss for the effects of the items noted above pertaining to UJVs that were allocable to our ownership interest in the UJVs. We believe that we use the Nareit definition of FFO, although others may interpret the definition differently and, accordingly, our presentation of FFO may differ from those of other REITs. We believe that FFO is useful to management and investors as a supplemental measure of operating performance because, by excluding gains on sales and impairment losses of real estate (net of associated income tax), and real estate-related depreciation and amortization, FFO can help one compare our operating performance between periods. In addition, since most equity REITs provide FFO information to the investment community, we believe that FFO is useful to investors as a supplemental measure for comparing our results to those of other equity REITs. We believe that net income or loss is the most directly comparable GAAP measure to FFO. 
 
 Since FFO excludes certain items includable in net income or loss, reliance on the measure has limitations; management compensates for these limitations by using the measure simply as a supplemental measure that is weighed in balance with other GAAP and non-GAAP measures. FFO is not necessarily an indication of our cash flow available to fund cash needs. Additionally, it should not be used as an alternative to net income or loss when evaluating our financial performance or to cash flow from operating, investing and financing activities when evaluating our liquidity or ability to make cash distributions or pay debt service. 
 
 Basic FFO available to common share and common unit holders Basic FFO is FFO adjusted to subtract (1) preferred share dividends, (2) income attributable to noncontrolling interests through ownership of preferred units in the Operating Partnership or interests in other consolidated entities not owned by us, (3) depreciation and amortization allocable to noncontrolling interests in other consolidated entities and (4) Basic FFO allocable to share-based compensation awards. With these adjustments, Basic FFO represents FFO available to common shareholders and common unitholders. Common units in the Operating Partnership are substantially similar to our common shares and are exchangeable into common shares, subject to certain conditions. We believe that Basic FFO is useful to investors due to the close correlation of common units to common shares. We believe that net income or loss is the most directly comparable GAAP measure to Basic FFO. Basic FFO has essentially the same limitations as FFO; management compensates for these limitations in essentially the same manner as described above for FFO. 
 
 Diluted FFO available to common share and common unit holders Diluted FFO is Basic FFO adjusted to add back any changes in Basic FFO that would result from the assumed conversion of securities that are convertible or exchangeable into common shares. We believe that Diluted FFO is useful to investors because it is the numerator used to compute Diluted FFO per share, discussed below. We believe that net income or loss is the most directly comparable GAAP measure to Diluted FFO. Since Diluted FFO excludes certain items includable in the numerator to diluted EPS, reliance on the measure has limitations; management compensates for these limitations by using the measure simply as a supplemental measure that is weighed in the balance with other GAAP and non-GAAP measures. Diluted FFO (which includes discontinued operations) is not necessarily an indication of our cash flow available to fund cash needs. Additionally, it should not be used as an alternative to net income or loss when evaluating our financial performance or to cash flow from operating, investing and financing activities when evaluating our liquidity or ability to make cash distributions or pay debt service. 
 36 

Diluted FFO available to common share and common unit holders, as adjusted for comparability is defined as Diluted FFO adjusted to exclude: operating property acquisition costs; gain or loss on early extinguishment of debt; FFO associated with properties that secured non-recourse debt on which we defaulted and, subsequently, extinguished via conveyance of such properties (including property NOI, interest expense and gains on debt extinguishment); loss on interest rate derivatives; executive transition costs associated with named executive officers; and, for periods prior to October 1, 2022, demolition costs on redevelopment and nonrecurring improvements and executive transition costs associated with other senior management team members. This measure also includes adjustments for the effects of the items noted above pertaining to UJVs that were allocable to our ownership interest in the UJVs. We believe this to be a useful supplemental measure alongside Diluted FFO as it excludes gains and losses from certain investing and financing activities and certain other items that we believe are not closely correlated to (or associated with) our operating performance. We believe that net income or loss is the most directly comparable GAAP measure to this non-GAAP measure. This measure has essentially the same limitations as Diluted FFO, as well as the further limitation of not reflecting the effects of the excluded items; we compensate for these limitations in essentially the same manner as described above for Diluted FFO. 
 
 Diluted FFO per share is (1) Diluted FFO divided by (2) the sum of the (a) weighted average common shares outstanding during a period, (b) weighted average common units outstanding during a period and (c) weighted average number of potential additional common shares that would have been outstanding during a period if other securities that are convertible or exchangeable into common shares were converted or exchanged. We believe that Diluted FFO per share is useful to investors because it provides investors with a further context for evaluating our FFO results in the same manner that investors use earnings per share EPS in evaluating net income or loss available to common shareholders. In addition, since most equity REITs provide Diluted FFO per share information to the investment community, we believe that Diluted FFO per share is a useful supplemental measure for comparing us to other equity REITs. We believe that diluted EPS is the most directly comparable GAAP measure to Diluted FFO per share. Diluted FFO per share has most of the same limitations as Diluted FFO (described above); management compensates for these limitations in essentially the same manner as described above for Diluted FFO. 
 
 Diluted FFO per share, as adjusted for comparability is (1) Diluted FFO, as adjusted for comparability divided by (2) the sum of the (a) weighted average common shares outstanding during a period, (b) weighted average common units outstanding during a period and (c) weighted average number of potential additional common shares that would have been outstanding during a period if other securities that are convertible or exchangeable into common shares were converted or exchanged. We believe that this measure is useful to investors because it provides investors with a further context for evaluating our FFO results. We believe this to be a useful supplemental measure alongside Diluted FFO per share as it excludes gains and losses from investing and financing activities and certain other items that we believe are not closely correlated to (or associated with) our operating performance. We believe that diluted EPS is the most directly comparable GAAP measure to this per share measure. This measure has most of the same limitations as Diluted FFO (described above) as well as the further limitation of not reflecting the effects of the excluded items; we compensate for these limitations in essentially the same manner as described above for Diluted FFO. 
 
 The computations for all of the above measures on a diluted basis assume the conversion of common units in CDPLP but do not assume the conversion of other securities that are convertible into common shares if the conversion of those securities would increase per share measures in a given period. 
 
 We use measures called payout ratios as supplemental measures of our ability to make distributions to investors based on each of the following: FFO; Diluted FFO; and Diluted FFO, adjusted for comparability. These measures are defined as (1) the sum of dividends on unrestricted common and deferred shares and distributions to holders of interests in CDPLP, to the extent they are dilutive for purposes of calculating the respective related non-GAAP per share measures, divided by (2) the respective non-GAAP measures. 
 
 37 

The table below sets forth the computation of the above stated measures for 2023 and 2022 and provides reconciliations to the GAAP measures associated with such measures: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 (Dollars and shares in thousands, except per share data) Net (loss) income (74,347) 178,822 Real estate-related depreciation and amortization 148,950 141,230 Impairment losses on real estate 252,797 Gain on sales of real estate (49,392) (47,814) Depreciation and amortization on UJVs allocable to COPT Defense 3,217 2,101 FFO 281,225 274,339 FFO allocable to other noncontrolling interests (3,978) (4,795) Basic FFO allocable to share-based compensation awards (1,940) (1,433) Basic FFO available to common share and common unit holders 275,307 268,111 Redeemable noncontrolling interests (58) (34) Diluted FFO adjustments allocable to share-based compensation awards 150 109 Diluted FFO available to common share and common unit holders 275,399 268,186 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 609 Executive transition costs 518 343 Gain on early extinguishment of debt on unconsolidated real estate JVs (168) Diluted FFO comparability adjustments allocable to share-based compensation awards (4) (5) Diluted FFO available to common share and common unit holders, as adjusted for comparability 275,913 268,965 Weighted average common shares 112,178 112,073 Conversion of weighted average common units 1,509 1,454 Weighted average common shares/units - Basic FFO per share 113,687 113,527 Dilutive effect of share-based compensation awards 424 431 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 38 116 Weighted average common shares/units - Diluted FFO per share and as adjusted for comparability 114,149 114,074 Diluted EPS (0.67) 1.53 Diluted FFO per share 2.41 2.35 Diluted FFO per share, as adjusted for comparability 2.42 2.36 Denominator for diluted EPS 112,178 112,620 Weighted average common units 1,509 1,454 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 38 Dilutive effect of additional share-based compensation awards 424 Denominator for diluted FFO per share and as adjusted for comparability 114,149 114,074 Dividends on unrestricted common and deferred shares 127,978 123,367 Dividends and distributions on restricted shares and units 828 567 Distributions on unrestricted common units 1,725 1,623 Dividends and distributions for net income payout ratio 130,531 125,557 Dividends on unrestricted common and deferred shares 127,978 123,367 Distributions on unrestricted common units 1,725 1,623 Dividends and distributions for FFO payout ratio 129,703 124,990 Dividends and distributions adjustments for dilution (7) 51 Dividends and distributions for diluted non-GAAP payout ratios 129,696 125,041 Net income payout ratio N/A 70.2 FFO payout ratio 46.1 45.6 Diluted FFO payout ratio 47.1 46.6 Diluted FFO payout ratio, as adjusted for comparability 47.0 46.5 
 38 

Property Additions 
 
 The table below sets forth the major components of our additions to properties for 2023 and 2022: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Variance (in thousands) Development 248,790 266,680 (17,890) Tenant improvements on operating properties (1) 58,315 54,494 3,821 Capital improvements on operating properties 25,976 29,528 (3,552) 333,081 350,702 (17,621) 
 (1) Tenant improvement costs incurred on newly-developed properties are classified in this table as development. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Net cash flow from operating activities increased 10.4 million, or 3.9 , from 2022 to 2023, which included the effects of increased cash flow from real estate operations resulting from the growth of our operating portfolio, offset in part by higher payments for lease incentives and sales-type lease costs and lower interest income received on investing receivables from the City of Huntsville in 2023. 
 
 Net cash flow used in investing activities increased 86.2 million from 2022 to 2023 due in large part to lower proceeds from properties sold in 2023, which included our sale of a 90 interest in three data center shells, relative to 2022, which included sales of our wholesale data center and a 90 interest in two data center shells. 
 
 Net cash flow provided by financing activities in 2023 was 46.3 million, and included primarily the following: 
 
 > net proceeds of debt borrowings during the period of 181.4 million, which included the net effect of our issuance of the 5.25 Notes and a net paydown of borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility using proceeds from the notes issuance and from property sales; and 
 > dividends to common shareholders of 127.2 million. 
 
 Net cash flow used in financing activities in 2022 was 183.2 million, and included primarily the following: 
 
 > dividends to common shareholders of 123.6 million; and 
 > net repayments of debt borrowings during the period of 43.3 million, which included the net effect of: repayments of our Revolving Credit Facility and term loan facility primarily using property sale proceeds; proceeds from our Revolving Credit Facility used primarily to fund property development; and the refinancing of our existing Revolving Credit Facility and term loan facility using proceeds from new facilities. 
 
 Supplemental Guarantor Information 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, CDPLP had several series of unsecured senior notes outstanding that were issued in transactions registered with the SEC under the Securities Act. These notes are CDPLP s direct, senior unsecured and unsubordinated obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of CDPLP s existing and future senior unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. However, these notes are effectively subordinated in right of payment to CDPLP s existing and future secured indebtedness. The notes are also effectively subordinated in right of payment to all existing and future liabilities and other indebtedness, whether secured or unsecured, of CDPLP's subsidiaries. COPT Defense fully and unconditionally guarantees CDPLP s obligations under these notes. COPT Defense s guarantees of these notes are senior unsecured obligations that rank equally in right of payment with other senior unsecured obligations of, or guarantees by, COPT Defense. COPT Defense itself does not hold any indebtedness, and its only material asset is its investment in CDPLP. 
 
 As permitted under Rule 13-01(a)(4)(vi), we do not provide summarized financial information for the Operating Partnership since: the assets, liabilities, and results of operations of the Company and the Operating Partnership are not materially different than the corresponding amounts presented in the consolidated financial statements of the Company; and we believe that inclusion of such summarized financial information would be repetitive and not provide incremental value to investors. 
 
 39 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had 167.8 million in cash and cash equivalents. We were carrying a significant amount of cash and cash equivalents as of the end of the period due to our use of a portion of the net proceeds from our issuance of the 5.25 Notes to pre-fund future development investments, which resulted in a portion of the net proceeds being invested in short-term interest-bearing money market accounts pending such use. 
 
 We have a Revolving Credit Facility with a maximum borrowing capacity of 600.0 million. We use this facility to initially fund most of the cash requirements from our investing activities, including property development/redevelopment costs, as well as certain debt balloon payments due upon maturity. We then subsequently pay down the facility using cash available from operations and proceeds from financing and/or investing activities, such as long-term borrowings, equity issuances and sales of interests in properties. The facility matures in October 2026 and may be extended by two six-month periods at our option, provided that there is no default under the facility and we pay an extension fee of 0.0625 of the total availability under the facility for each extension period. Our available borrowing capacity under the facility totaled 525.0 million as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Our senior unsecured debt is rated investment grade, with stable outlooks, by the three major rating agencies. We aim to maintain an investment grade rating to enable us to use debt comprised of unsecured, primarily fixed-rate debt (including the effect of interest rate swaps) from public markets and banks. We also use secured nonrecourse debt from institutional lenders and banks primarily for joint venture financings. In addition, we periodically raise equity when we access the public equity markets by issuing common shares and, to a lesser extent, preferred shares. 
 
 We have a program in place under which we may offer and sell common shares in at-the-market stock offerings having an aggregate gross sales price of up to 300 million. Under this program, we may also, at our discretion, sell common shares under forward equity sales agreements. The use of a forward equity sales agreement would enable us to lock in a price on a sale of common shares when the agreement is executed but defer issuing the shares and receiving the sale proceeds until a later date. 
 
 We believe that our liquidity and capital resources are adequate for our near-term and longer-term requirements without necessitating property sales. However, we may dispose of interests in properties opportunistically or when market conditions otherwise warrant. 
 
 Our material cash requirements, including contractual and other obligations, include: 
 
 > property operating expenses, including future lease obligations from us as a lessee; 
 > construction contract expenses; 
 > general, administrative, leasing and other expenses; 
 > debt service, including interest expense; 
 > property development costs; 
 > tenant and capital improvements and leasing costs for operating properties (expected to total approximately 85 million in 2024); 
 > debt balloon payments due upon maturity; and 
 > dividends to our shareholders. 
 
 We expect to use cash flow from operations in 2024 and annually thereafter for the foreseeable future to fund all of these cash requirements except for debt balloon payments due upon maturity and a portion of property development costs, the fundings for which are discussed below. 
 
 In 2024, we expect to spend 240 million to 280 million on development costs, most of which was contractually obligated as of December 31, 2023, and had 27.6 million in debt balloon payments maturing in 2024. We expect to fund these cash requirements using, in part, remaining cash flow from operations and any remaining excess available cash and cash equivalents, with the balance funded using borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility, at least initially. 
 
 Beyond 2024, we expect to continue to actively develop and redevelop properties and fund using, in part, remaining cash flow from operations, with the balance, at least initially, funded primarily using borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 We provide disclosure in our consolidated financial statements on our future lessee obligations (expected to be funded primarily by cash flow from operations) in Note 5 and future debt obligations (expected to be refinanced by new debt borrowings or funded by future equity issuances and/or sales of interests in properties) in Note 8. 
 
 Certain of our debt instruments require that we comply with a number of restrictive financial covenants, including maximum leverage ratio, unencumbered leverage ratio, minimum net worth, minimum fixed charge coverage, minimum unencumbered interest coverage ratio, minimum debt service and maximum secured indebtedness ratio. As of December 31, 2023, we were compliant with these covenants. 
 40 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to certain market risks, one of the most predominant of which is a change in interest rates. Increases in interest rates can result in increased interest expense under our Revolving Credit Facility and other variable-rate debt to the extent we do not have interest rate swaps in place to hedge the effect of such rate increases. Increases in interest rates can also result in increased interest expense when our fixed-rate debt matures and needs to be refinanced. 
 
 The following table sets forth as of December 31, 2023 our debt obligations and weighted average interest rates on debt maturing each year (dollars in thousands): 
 For the Years Ending December 31, 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Debt: Fixed-rate debt (1) 29,443 1,302 436,140 345,000 1,400,000 2,211,885 Weighted average interest rate 4.42 3.23 2.38 5.25 2.58 2.98 Variable-rate debt (2) 540 22,415 210,160 233,115 Weighted average interest rate (3) 6.93 6.97 6.66 6.69 
 (1) Represents principal maturities only and therefore excludes net discounts and deferred financing costs of 28.7 million. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2023, maturities in 2026 included 75.0 million that may be extended to 2027 and 125.0 million that may be extended to 2028, both subject to certain conditions. 
 (3) The amounts reflected above used interest rates as of December 31, 2023 for variable-rate debt. 
 
 The fair value of our debt was 2.2 billion as of December 31, 2023 and 1.9 billion as of December 31, 2022. If interest rates had been 1 lower, the fair value of our fixed-rate debt would have increased by approximately 82 million as of December 31, 2023 and 88 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for information pertaining to interest rate swap contracts in place as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 and their respective fair values. 
 
 Based on our variable-rate debt balances, including the effect of interest rate swap contracts, our interest expense would have increased by 764,000 in 2023 and 1.5 million in 2022 if the applicable variable index rate was 1 higher. Interest expense in 2023 was less sensitive to a change in interest rates than 2022 due primarily to our having a lower average variable-rate debt balance in 2023, including the effect of interest rate swaps. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 This item is included in a separate section at the end of this report beginning on page F-1. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 I. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2023. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2023 were functioning effectively to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated and 
 41 

communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 (a) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is included in a separate section at the end of this report on page F-2. 
 
 (b) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm is included in a separate section at the end of this report on pages F-3 through F-5. 
 
 (c) Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 No change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 (a) Not applicable 
 
 (b) Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2023, none of our directors or executive officers , modified, or had in place contracts, instructions or written plans for the sale or purchase of our securities that were intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 (a) Not applicable 
 (b) Not applicable 

PART III 
 Items 10, 11, 12, 13 14. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance; Executive Compensation; Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters; Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence; and Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 For the information required by Item 10, Item 11, Item 12, Item 13 and Item 14, you should refer to our definitive proxy statement relating to the 2024 Annual Meeting of our Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K: 
 
 1. Financial Statements . See Index to consolidated financial statements on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules. See Index to consolidated financial statements on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 3. See section below entitled Exhibits. 
 42 

(b) Exhibits. Refer to the Exhibit Index that follows. Unless otherwise noted, the file number of all documents incorporated by reference is 1-14023. 
 EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 3.1 
 Articles Supplementary of Corporate Office Properties Trust filed with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland on September 22, 2014 (filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 24, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Corporate Office Properties Trust, as amended through May 15, 2018 (filed with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.2.1 
 Articles of Amendment to Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Corporate Office Properties Trust, as amended through September 5, 2023 (filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 5, 2 023 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.3 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Corporate Office Properties Trust, as amended through May 2017 (filed with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.4 
 Form of certificate for the Registrant s Common Shares of Beneficial Interest, 0.01 par value per share (filed with the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Commission File No. 333-45649) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4 
 Description of Common Shares (filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.1 
 Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Corporate Office Properties, L.P. (filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 6, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.1.1 
 First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Corporate Office Properties, L.P. dated July 31, 2019 (filed with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.1.2 
 Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Corporate Office Properties, L.P. (filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 5, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference ). 
 10.2.1 
 Corporate Office Properties Trust Supplemental Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 10, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.2.2 
 First Amendment to the Corporate Office Properties Trust Supplemental Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan dated December 4, 2008 (filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 10, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.3.1 
 Corporate Office Properties Trust 2017 Omnibus Equity and Incentive Plan (included in Annex B to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 27, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.3.2 
 First Amendment to the Corporate Office Properties Trust 2017 Omnibus Equity and Incentive Plan (filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 6, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.4.1 
 Form of Corporate Office Properties Trust Performance-Based Profit Interest Unit Award Certificate (2017 Omnibus Equity and Incentive Plan) (filed herewith). 
 10.4.2 
 Form of Corporate Office Properties Trust Time-Based Profit Interest Unit Award Certificate (2017 Omnibus Equity and Incentive Plan) (filed with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.5 
 Corporate Office Properties Trust and Corporate Office Properties, L.P. Amended and Restated Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan dated May 6, 2021 (filed with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.6 
 Letter Agreement, dated June 22, 2021, between Corporate Office Properties Trust, Corporate Office Properties, L.P., and Stephen E. Budorick (filed with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10. 7 
 Letter Agreement, dated November 1, 2021, between Corporate Office Properties Trust, Corporate Office Properties, L.P., and Anthony Mifsud ((filed with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10. 8 
 Confidential Post-Resignation Consulting Agreement and Release between Corporate Office Properties, L.P. and Todd W. Hartman, dated March 1, 2023 (filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K d ated March 1, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.9 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 1, 202 3 , between COPT Defense Properties, COPT Defense Properties L.P. and Britt A. Snider (filed herewith). 
 10.10 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 16, 1998, for the benefit of certain shareholders of the Company (filed with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1998 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.11 
 Indenture, dated as of April 8, 2019, among Corporate Office Properties, L.P., as issuer, Corporate Office Properties Trust, as guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed with the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Commission File No. 333-230764) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 43 

EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 10.12 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 17, 2020, by and among Corporate Office Properties, L.P., as issuer, Corporate Office Properties Trust, as guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 17, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.13 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, by and among Corporate Office Properties, L.P., as issuer, Corporate Office Properties Trust, as guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 11, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.14 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, by and among Corporate Office Properties, L.P., as issuer, Corporate Office Properties Trust, as guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 11, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.15 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, by and among Corporate Office Properties, L.P., as issuer, Corporate Office Properties Trust, as guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 17, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.16 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2022, by and among Corporate Office Properties, L.P.; Corporate Office Properties Trust; KeyBank National Association; KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.; PNC Capital Markets LLC; TD Bank National Association; M T Bank, a New York Banking Corporation; and PNC Bank National Association (filed with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.1 6.1 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated September 6, 2023, by and among Corporate Office Properties, L.P.; Corporate Office Properties Trust; KeyBank National Association; KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.; PNC Capital Markets LLC; TD Bank National Association; M T Bank, a New York Banking Corporation; and PNC Bank National Association (filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 6, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.1 7 
 Indenture, dated September 12, 2023, among the Issuer, the Guarantor and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 12 , 2023 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.18 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2023, among Corporate Office Properties, L.P., Corporate Office Properties Trust and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 12, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant (filed herewith). 
 22.1 
 List of Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities (filed herewith). 
 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (filed herewith). 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of Corporate Office Properties Trust required by Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (filed herewith). 
 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Corporate Office Properties Trust required by Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (filed herewith). 
 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of Corporate Office Properties Trust required by Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. (This exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Further, this exhibit shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Exchange Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Furnished herewith). 
 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Corporate Office Properties Trust required by Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. (This exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Further, this exhibit shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Exchange Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). (Furnished herewith). 
 97. 1 
 Incentive-based Compensation Recovery Policy (filed herewith). 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document (filed herewith). 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (filed herewith). 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 101.LAB XBRL Extension Labels Linkbase (filed herewith). 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 - Indicates a compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K. 
 
 (c) Not applicable. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 44 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 COPT DEFENSE PROPERTIES Date: February 22, 2024 By: /s/ Stephen E. Budorick Stephen E. Budorick President and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 22, 2024 By: /s/ Anthony Mifsud Anthony Mifsud Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

45 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signatures Title Date /s/ Stephen E. Budorick President and Chief Executive Officer and Trustee February 22, 2024 (Stephen E. Budorick) /s/ Anthony Mifsud Executive Vice President and Chief Financial February 22, 2024 (Anthony Mifsud) Officer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Matthew T. Myers Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer February 22, 2024 (Matthew T. Myers) and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Robert L. Denton, Sr. Chairman of the Board and Trustee February 22, 2024 (Robert L. Denton, Sr.) /s/ Thomas F. Brady Trustee February 22, 2024 (Thomas F. Brady) /s/ Philip L. Hawkins Trustee February 22, 2024 (Philip L. Hawkins) /s/ Steven D. Kesler Trustee February 22, 2024 (Steven D. Kesler) /s/ Letitia A. Long Trustee February 22, 2024 (Letitia A. Long) /s/ Essye B. Miller Trustee February 22, 2024 (Essye B. Miller) /s/ Raymond L. Owens Trustee February 22, 2024 (Raymond L. Owens) /s/ C. Taylor Pickett Trustee February 22, 2024 (C. Taylor Pickett) /s/ Lisa G. Trimberger Trustee February 22, 2024 (Lisa G. Trimberger) 

46 

COPT DEFENSE PROPERTIES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 F- 2 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 12 
 Financial Statements Schedule 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation as of December 31, 2023 
 F- 44 
 
 F-1 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and trustees; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 based upon criteria in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on our assessment, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023 based on the criteria in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Trustees and Shareholders of COPT Defense Properties: 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of COPT Defense Properties and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the board of trustees of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 F-3 

Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Determination of the Expected Lease End Date for United States Government Leases with One-Year Renewal Options and/or Early Termination Rights 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, lease revenue from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 619.8 million and a significant portion of the Company s leases are with the United States Government, which represented 27 of the fixed lease revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023. The majority of United States Government leases contain one-year renewal options and/or provide for early termination rights. The Company recognizes minimum rental payments on a straight-line basis over the terms of each lease. The lease term of a lease includes the noncancellable periods of the lease along with periods covered by: (1) a tenant option to extend the lease if the tenant is reasonably certain to exercise that option; (2) a tenant option to terminate the lease if the tenant is reasonably certain not to exercise that option; and (3) an option to extend (or not to terminate) the lease in which exercise of the option is controlled by the Company as the lessor. When assessing the expected lease end date, management uses judgment in contemplating the significance of any penalties a tenant may incur should it choose not to exercise any existing options to extend the lease or exercise any existing options to terminate the lease; and economic incentives for the tenant based on any existing contract, asset, entity or market-based factors in the lease. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the determination of the expected lease end date for United States Government leases with one-year renewal options and/or early termination rights is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when determining the expected lease end date for the United States Government leases with one-year renewal options and/or early termination rights and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to the determination of such expected lease end dates. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition for leases, including controls over the determination of the expected lease end date for United States Government leases with one-year renewal options and/or early termination rights. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for determining the expected lease end date for a sample of United States Government leases with one-year renewal options and/or early termination rights, including evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions used by management related to the significance of any penalties a tenant may incur should it choose not to exercise any existing options to extend the lease or exercise any existing options to terminate the lease and economic incentives for the tenant based on any existing contract, asset, entity or market-based factors in the lease. Evaluating management s assumptions involved evaluating whether the assumptions used were reasonable considering past experience with the tenant and the rental property and whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 
 Impairment Assessment of Properties Fair Value Analysis of Impaired Properties in the Other Reportable Segment 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, management assesses the asset groups associated with each of the Company s properties for indicators of impairment quarterly or when circumstances indicate that an asset group may be impaired. As of December 31, 2023, the carrying value of the Company s total properties, net of accumulated depreciation was 3.5 billion, of which a portion relates to the Other reportable segment. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded an impairment loss of 252.8 million. If management s analysis indicates the carrying values of certain properties asset groups may be impaired, management performs a recoverability analysis for such asset groups. If and when plans change for a property, management revises the recoverability analyses to use the cash flows expected from the operations and eventual disposition of such property using holding periods that are consistent with revised plans. In accounting for the impairment of long-lived assets, management estimates property fair values based on contract prices, indicative bids, discounted cash flow analyses or comparable sales analyses. Management estimates cash flows used in performing impairment analyses based on plans for the property and views of market and economic conditions. The estimates consider items such as current and future market rental and occupancy rates, estimated operating and capital expenditures, leasing commissions, absorption and hold periods, and recent sales data for comparable properties. As disclosed by management, the determination of appropriate capitalization or discount rates for use in estimating property fair values also requires significant judgment and is typically based on many factors, including the prevailing rate for the market or submarket, as well as the quality, location and other unique attributes of the property. 
 F-4 

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the fair value analysis of impaired properties in the Other reportable segment is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management in developing the fair value estimate of the properties in the Other reportable segment based on the discounted cash flow and comparable sales analyses; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the current and future market rental and occupancy rates, estimated operating and capital expenditures, leasing commissions, absorption and hold periods, capitalization rates and discount rates used in the discounted cash flow analyses and recent sales data for comparable properties used in the comparable sales analyses (collectively referred to as the significant assumptions and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the fair value analysis of impaired properties, including controls over management s development of the fair value estimate of the properties based on the discounted cash flow and comparable sale analyses and determination of the significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow and comparable sales analyses. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate of the properties in the Other reportable segment based on the discounted cash flow and comparable sales analyses; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow and comparable sales analyses; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the discounted cash flow and comparable sales analyses; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management in the discounted cash flow and comparable sales analyses. Evaluating management s assumptions involved evaluating whether the assumptions used were reasonable by (i) comparing the current and future market rental and occupancy rates, estimated operating expenditures, leasing commissions, absorption periods, capitalization rates, discount rates and recent sales data to observable market data; (ii) comparing the estimated operating and capital expenditures and hold periods to the past performance of the relevant properties held by the Company; and (iii) considering whether the current and future market rental rates and estimated operating and capital expenditures were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating, on a test basis, the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow analyses and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow analyses. 

/s/ 

February 22, 2024 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1997. 
 
 F-5 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

December 31, 2023 2022 Assets Properties, net: Operating properties, net Projects in development or held for future development Total properties, net Property - operating right-of-use assets Assets held for sale, net Cash and cash equivalents Investment in unconsolidated real estate joint ventures Accounts receivable, net Deferred rent receivable Lease incentives, net Deferred leasing costs (net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively) 
 Investing receivables (net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively) 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets, net Total assets Liabilities and equity Liabilities: Debt, net Accounts payable and accrued expenses Rents received in advance and security deposits Dividends and distributions payable Deferred revenue associated with operating leases Property - operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests Equity: Shareholders equity: Common Shares of beneficial interest par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding of at December 31, 2023 and at December 31, 2022) 
 Additional paid-in capital Cumulative distributions in excess of net income ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries: Common units in COPT Defense Properties, L.P. CDPLP Other consolidated entities Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries Total equity Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interests and equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenues Lease revenue Other property revenue Construction contract and other service revenues Total revenues Operating expenses Property operating expenses Depreciation and amortization associated with real estate operations Construction contract and other service expenses Impairment losses General, administrative, leasing and other expenses Total operating expenses Interest expense ) ) ) Interest and other income, net Gain on sales of real estate Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) ) (Loss) income from continuing operations before equity in (loss) income of unconsolidated entities and income taxes ) Equity in (loss) income of unconsolidated entities ) Income tax expense ) ) ) (Loss) income from continuing operations ) Discontinued operations Net (loss) income ) Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests: Common units in CDPLP ) ) Other consolidated entities ) ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders ) Basic earnings per common share: (1) (Loss) income from continuing operations ) Discontinued operations Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders ) Diluted earnings per common share: (1) (Loss) income from continuing operations ) Discontinued operations Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders ) 
 
 (1) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (in thousands) 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net (loss) income ) Other comprehensive (loss) income Unrealized income on interest rate derivatives Reclassification adjustments on interest rate derivatives recognized in interest expense 
 ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to common shareholders ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-8 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Common Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Cumulative Distributions in Excess of Net Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Noncontrolling Interests Total Balance at December 31, 2020 common shares outstanding) 
 ) ) Conversion of common units to common shares shares) 
 ) Redemption of common units ) ) Share-based compensation shares issued, net of redemptions) 
 Redemption of vested equity awards ) ) Adjustments to noncontrolling interests resulting from changes in ownership of CDPLP ) Comprehensive income Dividends ) ) Distributions to owners of common units in CDPLP ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest in other consolidated entities ) ) Adjustments for changes in fair value of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Other ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 common shares outstanding) 
 ) ) Redemption of common units ) ) Share-based compensation shares issued, net of redemptions) 
 Redemption of vested equity awards ) ) Adjustments to noncontrolling interests resulting from changes in ownership of CDPLP ) Comprehensive income Dividends ) ) Distributions to owners of common units in CDPLP ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests in other consolidated entities ) ) Adjustments for changes in fair value of redeemable noncontrolling interests Balance at December 31, 2022 common shares outstanding) 
 ) Redemption of common units ) ) Share-based compensation shares issued, net of redemptions) 
 Redemption of vested equity awards ) ) Adjustments to noncontrolling interests resulting from changes in ownership of CDPLP ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Dividends ) ) Distributions to owners of common units in CDPLP ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests in other consolidated entities ) ) Adjustments for changes in fair value of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Reclassification of redeemable noncontrolling interests to equity Balance at December 31, 2023 common shares outstanding) 
 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Revenues from real estate operations received Construction contract and other service revenues received Property operating expenses paid ) ) ) Construction contract and other service expenses paid ) ) ) General, administrative, leasing and other expenses paid ) ) ) Interest expense paid ) ) ) Lease incentives paid ) ) ) Interest and other income received Sales-type lease costs paid ) ) Income taxes paid ) ) Other Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Development and redevelopment of properties ) ) ) Tenant improvements on operating properties ) ) ) Other capital improvements on operating properties ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of properties Non-operating distributions from unconsolidated real estate joint venture Investing receivables funded ) ) ) Investing receivables payments received Leasing costs paid ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from debt Revolving Credit Facility Unsecured senior notes Term loan facility Other debt proceeds Repayments of debt Revolving Credit Facility ) ) ) Unsecured senior notes ) Term loan facilities ) ) Scheduled principal amortization ) ) ) Other debt repayments ) ) Deferred financing costs paid ) ) ) Payments in connection with early extinguishment of debt ) ) Common share dividends paid ) ) ) Distributions paid to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Beginning of year End of year 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-10 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 (in thousands) 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Reconciliation of net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and other amortization Impairment losses Amortization of deferred financing costs and net debt discounts Change in net deferred rent receivable and liability ) ) ) Gain on sales of real estate ) ) ) Share-based compensation Loss on early extinguishment of debt Other ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Increase in accounts receivable ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in lease incentives and prepaid expenses and other assets, net ) ) (Decrease) increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Increase (decrease) in rents received in advance and security deposits ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Restricted cash at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Restricted cash at end of year Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: (Decrease) increase in accrued capital improvements, leasing and other investing activity costs ) ) Reclassification of finance right-of-use asset to operating properties, net in connection with exercise of bargain purchase option Recognition of operating right-of-use assets and related lease liabilities Recognition of finance right-of-use assets and related lease liabilities Investment in unconsolidated real estate joint ventures retained in property disposition (Decrease) increase in fair value of derivatives applied to accumulated other comprehensive income and noncontrolling interests ) Dividends/distributions payable Decrease in noncontrolling interests and increase in shareholders equity in connection with the conversion of common units into common shares Adjustments to noncontrolling interests resulting from changes in CDPLP ownership ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in redeemable noncontrolling interests and decrease (increase) in equity to adjust for changes in fair value of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Reclassification of redeemable noncontrolling interests to equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-11 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 operating properties totaling million square feet comprised of million square feet in office properties and million square feet in single-tenant data center shells. We owned of these data center shells through unconsolidated real estate joint ventures; 
 > properties under development office properties and data center shells) that will total approximately square feet upon completion; and 
 > approximately acres of land controlled that we believe could be developed into approximately million square feet. 
 
 We also owned other operating properties totaling million square feet and approximately acres of other developable land in the Greater Washington, DC/Baltimore region as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 We conduct almost all of our operations and own almost all of our assets through our operating partnership, COPT Defense Properties, L.P. CDPLP and subsidiaries (collectively, the Operating Partnership ), of which COPT Defense is the sole general partner. CDPLP owns real estate directly and through subsidiary partnerships and limited liability companies LLCs ). In addition to owning real estate, CDPLP also owns subsidiaries that provide real estate services such as property management, development and construction services primarily for our properties but also for third parties. Some of these services are performed by a taxable REIT subsidiary TRS ). In September 2023, we changed CDPLP s name from Corporate Office Properties, L.P. to COPT Defense Properties, L.P. 
 
 Equity interests in CDPLP are in the form of common and preferred units. As of December 31, 2023, COPT Defense owned of the outstanding CDPLP common units common units and there were preferred units outstanding. Common units not owned by COPT Defense carry certain redemption rights. The number of common units owned by COPT Defense is equivalent to the number of outstanding common shares of beneficial interest common shares of COPT Defense, and the entitlement of common units to quarterly distributions and payments in liquidation is substantially the same as that of COPT Defense common shareholders. 
 
 In September 2023, the ticker symbol under which our common shares are publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE changed from OFC to CDP . 

2. 

F-12 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

after the cessation of major construction activities. When leases commence on portions of a newly-developed or redeveloped property in the period prior to from the cessation of major construction activities, we consider that property to be partially operational. When a property is partially operational, we allocate the costs associated with the property between the portion that is operational and the portion under development. We start depreciating costs associated with newly-developed or redeveloped properties as they become operational. For newly-developed properties, we classify improvements provided under the terms of a lease that are deemed to be landlord assets (as discussed further below) as new building development costs. 
 
 Most of our leases provide for some form of improvements to leased space. When we are required to provide improvements under the terms of a lease, we determine whether the improvements constitute landlord assets or tenant assets. If the improvements are landlord assets, we capitalize the cost of the improvements and recognize depreciation expense over the estimated useful lives of the assets as discussed below. We recognize any payments from the tenant for such assets as lease revenue over the term of the lease. If the improvements are tenant assets associated with an operating lease, we defer the costs funded by us as a lease incentive asset and amortize it as a reduction of rental revenue over the term of the lease. In determining whether improvements constitute landlord or tenant assets, we consider numerous factors, including whether the economic substance of the lease terms is properly reflected and whether the improvements: have value to us as real estate; are unique to the tenant or reusable by other tenants; may be altered or removed by the tenant without our consent or without compensating us for any lost fair value; or are owned, and remain, with us or the tenant at the end of the lease term. 
 
 - years 
 Land improvements - years 
 Tenant improvements on operating properties Shorter of remaining useful lives of assets or related lease term Equipment and personal property - years 

We report properties disposed or classified as held for sale as discontinued operations when the disposition represents a strategic shift having a major effect on our operations and financial results (such as a disposition of a reportable segment or sub- 
 F-13 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

holding period. If we believe it is more likely than not that we will dispose of the properties earlier, we analyze recoverability using a probability weighted analysis of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated from the operations and eventual disposition of the properties over the various possible holding periods. If the analysis indicates that the carrying value of a tested property s asset group is not recoverable from its estimated future cash flows, the property s asset group is written down to the property s estimated fair value and an impairment loss is recognized. If and when our plans change, we revise our recoverability analyses to use the cash flows expected from the operations and eventual disposition of such property using holding periods that are consistent with our revised plans; as a result, changes in holding periods may require us to recognize impairment losses. 
 
 Fair values are estimated based on contract prices, indicative bids, discounted cash flow analyses or comparable sales analyses. Estimated cash flows used in our impairment analyses are based on our plans for the property and our views of market and economic conditions. The estimates consider items such as current and future market rental and occupancy rates, estimated operating and capital expenditures, leasing commissions, absorption and hold periods and recent sales data for comparable properties; most of these items are influenced by market data obtained from real estate leasing and brokerage firms and our direct experience with the properties and their markets. 

F-14 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

F-15 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

On our consolidated balance sheets, we include intangible assets in the line entitled prepaid expense and other assets, net and deferred revenue in the line entitled deferred revenue associated with operating leases. 
 
 Tenant relationship value Above-market leases Other 

F-16 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

F-17 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

renewal options, and/or provide for early termination rights, we have concluded that exercise of existing renewal options, or continuation of such leases without exercising early termination rights, is reasonably certain for most of these leases. 
 
 We elected a practical expedient available under lease accounting guidance that enables us to combine non-lease components that otherwise would need to be accounted for under revenue accounting guidance (such as tenant reimbursements of property operating expenses) with the associated lease components for our accounting and reporting of operating lease revenue. 
 
 We report on our consolidated balance sheets amounts by which our minimum rental revenue recognized on a straight-line basis under leases exceed the contractual rent billings associated with such leases as deferred rent receivable and amounts by which our minimum rental revenue recognized on a straight-line basis under leases are less than the contractual rent billings associated with such leases in liabilities as deferred revenue associated with operating leases. 
 
 In connection with a tenant s entry into, or modification of, a lease, if we make cash payments to, or on behalf of, the tenant for purposes other than funding the construction of landlord assets, we generally defer the amount of such payments as lease incentives. As discussed above, when we are required to provide improvements under the terms of a lease, we determine whether the improvements constitute landlord assets or tenant assets; if the improvements are tenant assets associated with an operating lease, we defer the costs funded by us as a lease incentive asset. We amortize lease incentives as a reduction of rental revenue over the term of the lease. 
 
 If collectability under a lease is not probable, revenue recognized is limited to the lesser of revenue that would have been recognized if collectability was probable or lease payments collected. 
 
 We recognize lease revenue associated with tenant expense recoveries in the same periods in which we incur the related expenses, including tenant reimbursements of property taxes, utilities and other property operating expenses. 
 
 We recognize fees received for lease terminations as revenue and write off against such revenue any (1) deferred rents receivable, and (2) deferred revenue, lease incentives and intangible assets that are amortizable into lease revenue associated with such leases; the resulting net amount is the net revenue from the early termination of the leases. When a tenant s lease for space in a property is terminated early but the tenant continues to lease such space under a new or modified lease in the property, the net revenue from the early termination of the lease is recognized evenly over the remaining life of the new or modified lease in place on that property. 
 
 Construction Contract and Other Service Revenues 
 
 We enter into construction contracts to complete various design and construction services primarily for our USG tenants. The revenues and expenses from these services consist primarily of subcontracted costs that are reimbursed to us by our customers along with a fee. These services are an ancillary component of our overall operations, with small operating margins relative to the revenue. We review each contract to determine the performance obligations and allocate the transaction price based on the standalone selling price, as discussed further below. We recognize revenue under these contracts as services are performed in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those services. Our performance obligations are satisfied over time as work progresses. Revenue recognition is determined using the input method based on costs incurred as of a point in time relative to the total estimated costs at completion to measure progress towards satisfying our performance obligations. We believe incurred costs of work performed best depicts the transfer of control of the services being transferred to the customer. 
 
 In determining whether the performance obligations associated with a construction contract should be accounted for separately versus together, we consider numerous factors that may require significant judgment, including: whether the components contracted are substantially the same with the same pattern of transfer; whether the customer could contract with another party to perform construction based on our design project; and whether the customer can elect not to move forward after the design phase of the contract. Most of our contracts have a single performance obligation as the promise to transfer the services is not separately identifiable from other obligations in the contracts and, therefore, are not distinct. Some contracts have multiple performance obligations, most commonly due to having distinct project phases for design and construction that our customer is managing separately. In these cases, we allocate the transaction price between these performance obligations 
 F-18 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

main types of compensation arrangements for our construction contracts: guaranteed maximum price GMP firm fixed price FFP and cost-plus fee. 
 
 > GMP contracts provide for revenue equal to costs incurred plus a fee equal to a percentage of such costs, up to a maximum contract amount. We generally enter into GMP contracts for projects that are significant in nature based on the size of the project and total fees and with an undefined scope as of the contract date. GMP contracts are lower risk to us than FFP contracts since the costs and revenue move proportionately to one another. 
 > FFP contracts provide for revenue equal to a fixed fee. These contracts are typically lower in value and scope relative to GMP contracts, and are generally entered into when the scope of the project is well defined. Typically, we assume more risk with FFP contracts than GMP contracts since the revenue is fixed and we could realize losses or less than expected profits if we incur more costs than originally estimated. However, these types of contracts offer the opportunity for additional profits when we complete the work for less than originally estimated. 
 > Cost-plus fee contracts provide for revenue equal to costs incurred plus a fee equal to a percentage of such costs but, unlike GMP contracts, do not have a maximum contract amount. Similar to GMP contracts, cost-plus fee contracts are low risk to us since the costs and revenue move proportionately to one another. 
 
 Construction contract cost estimates are based primarily on contracts in place with subcontractors to complete most of the work, but may also include assumptions, such as performance of subcontractors and cost and availability of materials, to project the outcome of future events over the course of the project. We review and update these estimates regularly as a significant change could affect the profitability of our construction contracts. We recognize adjustments in estimated profit on contracts under the cumulative catch-up method as the modification does not create a new performance obligation. Under this method, the impact of an adjustment to profit recorded to date on a contract is recognized in the period the adjustment is identified. Revenue and profit in future periods are recognized using the adjusted estimate. If at any time the estimate of contract profitability indicates an anticipated loss on a contract, we recognize the total loss in the quarter it is identified. 
 
 Our timing of revenue recognition for construction contracts generally differs from the timing of invoicing to customers. We recognize construction contract revenue as we satisfy our performance obligations. Payment terms and conditions vary by contract type. Under most of our contracts, we bill customers monthly, as work progresses, in accordance with the contract terms, with payment due in 30 days, although customers occasionally pay in advance of services being provided. We have determined that our contracts generally do not include a significant financing component. The timing of our customer invoicing is for convenience purposes, not to provide or receive financing. Additionally, the timing of transfer of our services is often at the discretion of the customer. 
 
 Under most of our contracts, we bill customers one month subsequent to revenue recognition, resulting in contract assets representing unbilled construction revenue. 

forms of share-based compensation: restricted COPT Defense common shares restricted shares ), profit interest units PIUs (time-based and performance-based), deferred share awards (also known as restricted share units) and performance share units (also known as performance share awards) PSUs ). We account for share-based compensation based on the fair value of awards on the grant date; such cost is then recognized over the period during which the employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award. No compensation cost is recognized for equity instruments for which employees do not render the requisite service. We recognize share-based compensation associated with awards that are 
 F-19 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Long-term capital gain Return of capital 
 
 The dividends allocated to each of the above years for federal income tax purposes included dividends paid on COPT Defense s common shares during each of those years except for the dividends paid on January 18, 2024 (with a record date of December 29, 2023), which were allocated for federal income tax purposes to 2023 and dividends paid on January 15, 2021 (with a record date of December 31, 2020), which were allocated for federal income tax purposes to 2020. 
 
 We distributed all of COPT Defense s REIT taxable income in 2023, 2022 and 2021 and, as a result, did not incur federal income tax in those years. 
 
 The net basis of our consolidated assets and liabilities for tax reporting purposes was approximately million higher than the amount reported on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023, which was primarily related to differences in basis for net properties, intangible assets on property acquisitions and deferred rent receivable. 

F-20 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

3. 

Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 
 We have a non-qualified elective deferred compensation plan for Trustees and certain members of our management team that, prior to December 31, 2019, permitted participants to defer up to of their compensation on a pre-tax basis and receive a tax-deferred return on such deferrals. Effective December 31, 2019, no new investments of deferred compensation were eligible for the plan. The assets held in the plan (comprised of mutual funds) and the corresponding liability to the participants are measured at fair value on a recurring basis on our consolidated balance sheets using quoted market prices. The balance of the plan, which was fully funded and totaled million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, is included in the line entitled prepaid expenses and other assets, net on our consolidated balance sheets. The offsetting liability associated with the plan is adjusted to fair value at the end of each accounting period based on the fair value of the plan assets and reported in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. The assets of the plan are classified in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy, while the offsetting liability is classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The fair values of our interest rate derivatives are determined using widely accepted valuation techniques, including a discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate market data and implied volatilities in such interest rates. While we determined that the majority of the inputs used to value our derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with our interest rate derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads, to evaluate the likelihood of default. However, as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, we assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of our derivatives and determined that these adjustments were not significant. As a result, we determined that our interest rate derivative valuations in their entirety are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, other assets (excluding investing receivables) and accounts payable and accrued expenses are reasonable estimates of their fair values because of the short maturities of these instruments. The fair values of our investing receivables, as disclosed in Note 7, were based on the discounted estimated future cash flows of the loans (categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy); the discount rates used approximate current market rates for loans with similar maturities and credit quality, and the estimated cash payments include scheduled principal and interest payments. For our disclosure of debt fair values in Note 8, we estimated the fair value of our unsecured senior notes based on quoted market rates for our senior notes (categorized within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy) and estimated the fair value of our other debt based on the discounted estimated future cash payments to be made on such debt (categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy); the discount rates used approximate current market rates for loans, or groups of loans, with similar maturities and credit quality, and the estimated future payments include scheduled principal and interest payments. Fair value estimates are made as of a specific point in time, are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment. 
 
 F-21 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Interest rate derivatives Total assets Liabilities: (2) Deferred compensation plan liability December 31, 2022: 
 Assets: (1) Marketable securities in deferred compensation plan Interest rate derivatives Total assets Liabilities: (2) Deferred compensation plan liability 
 (1) Included in the line entitled prepaid expenses and other assets, net on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Included in the line entitled other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 

4. 
 Buildings and improvements Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Operating properties, net 
 
 2023 Impairments 
 
 As part of our closing process for the three months ended September 30, 2023, we conducted our quarterly review of our portfolio of long-lived assets to be held and used for indicators of impairment. As a result of this process, we shortened the expected holding periods for operating properties in our Other segment and a parcel of land located in Baltimore, Maryland, Northern Virginia and Washington, D.C. We determined that the carrying amount of the properties would not likely be recovered from the undiscounted cash flows from the operations and sales of the properties over the shortened holding periods. Accordingly, we recognized impairment losses of million on these properties during the period. 
 
 2023 Dispositions 
 
 On January 10, 2023, we sold a interest in data center shell properties in Northern Virginia based on an aggregate property value of million and retained a interest in the properties through Redshift JV LLC Redshift ), a newly-formed joint venture. Our partner in the joint venture acquired the interest from us for million. We account for our interest in the joint venture using the equity method of accounting, as described further in Note 6. We recognized a gain on sale of million. 
 Deferred rent receivable Assets held for sale, net 
 F-22 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million, resulting in a gain on sale of million. This property, a separate reportable segment, is reported herein as discontinued operations. 
 Property operating expenses ) ) Depreciation and amortization associated with real estate operations ) Gain on sale of real estate Discontinued operations Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities ) 
 
 On December 14, 2022, we sold a interest in data center shell properties in Northern Virginia based on an aggregate property value of million and retained a interest in the properties through Quark JV LLC Quark ), a newly-formed joint venture. Our partner in the joint venture acquired the interest from us for million. We account for our interest in the joint venture using the equity method of accounting as described further in Note 6. We recognized a gain on sale of million. 
 
 2021 Dispositions 
 
 On June 2, 2021, we sold a interest in data center shell properties in Northern Virginia based on an aggregate property value of million and retained a interest in the properties through B RE COPT DC JV III LLC BRE-COPT 3 ), a newly-formed joint venture. Our partner in the joint venture acquired the interest from us for million. We account for our interest in the joint venture using the equity method of accounting as described further in Note 6. We recognized a gain on sale of million. 
 
 On December 30, 2021, we sold a property that was previously removed from service from our data center shells sub-segment for million and recognized a gain on sale of million. 

5. 

Variable 
 (1) Excludes lease revenue from discontinued operations of which million and million was fixed and and million was variable for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 A significant concentration of our lease revenue from continuing operations was earned from our largest tenant, the USG, including in 2023 and 2022 and in 2021 of our total lease revenue, and in 2023 and 2022 and in 2021 of our fixed-lease revenue. Our lease revenue from the USG in 2023, 2022 and 2021 was earned primarily from properties in the Fort George G. Meade and the Baltimore/Washington Corridor Fort Meade/BW Corridor ), Lackland Air Force Base and Northern Virginia Defense/IT NoVA Defense/IT reportable sub-segments (see Note 13). 
 F-23 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total contractual payments Less: Amount representing interest ) Net investment in sales-type leases (1) 
 (1) Included in the line entitled prepaid expenses and other assets, net on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Lessee Arrangements 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, our balance sheet included million in right-of-use assets associated primarily with land leased from third parties underlying certain properties that we are operating. The land leases have long durations with remaining terms ranging from to years (excluding extension options). As of December 31, 2023, our right-of-use assets included: 
 
 > million for land in a business park in Huntsville, Alabama under leases through our LW Redstone Company, LLC joint venture, with remaining terms ranging from to years and options to renew for an additional years that were not included in the term used in determining the asset balance; 
 > million for land underlying operating office properties in Washington, D.C. under leases with remaining terms of approximately years; 
 > million for land underlying a parking garage in Baltimore, Maryland under a lease with a remaining term of years and an option to renew for an additional years that was included in the term used in determining the asset balance; 
 > million for land in a research park in College Park, Maryland under leases through our M Square Associates, LLC joint venture, all of the rent on which was previously paid. These leases had remaining terms ranging from to years; 
 > million for data center space in Phoenix, Arizona with a remaining term of and an option to renew for an additional that were not included in the term used in determining the asset balance; and 
 > million for other land underlying operating properties in our Fort Meade/BW Corridor sub-segment under leases with remaining terms of approximately years, all of the rent on which was previously paid. 
 
 Finance leases - Property Prepaid expenses and other assets, net Total right-of-use assets Lease liabilities Operating leases - Property Property - operating lease liabilities Finance leases - Property Other liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 
 F-24 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

years and a weighted average discount rate of , while our finance leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of and a weighted average discount rate of . 
 Property leases - variable Property operating expenses Finance lease cost Amortization of property right-of-use assets Property operating expenses Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense 
 
 The table below presents the effect of property lease payments on our consolidated statements of cash flows (in thousands): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Supplemental cash flow information 2023 2022 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows for operating leases Operating cash flows for financing leases Financing cash flows for financing leases 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Amount representing interest ) ) Lease liability 

6. 
 Huntsville, Alabama Stevens Investors, LLC 8/11/2015 Washington, D.C. M Square Associates, LLC 6/26/2007 College Park, Maryland 
 (1) As discussed below, we fund all capital requirements. Our partner receives distributions of million of annual operating cash flows and we receive the remainder. 
 
 F-25 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million excluding accrued interest thereon) due to be reimbursed by the City of Huntsville as discussed further in Note 7. We had advanced million to the City through December 31, 2023 to fund such costs. We also expect to fund additional development costs through equity contributions to the extent that third party financing is not obtained. Our partner was credited with million in invested capital upon formation and is not required to make, nor has it made, additional equity contributions. Cash flows are generally distributed to the partners as follows: (1) debt service on member loans; (2) cumulative preferred returns of on our partner s invested capital; (3) cumulative preferred returns of on our invested capital; (4) return of our invested capital; (5) return of our partner s invested capital; and (6) any remaining residual to us and to our partner. Our partner has the right to require us to acquire its interest for fair value; accordingly, we classify the fair value of our partner s interest as redeemable noncontrolling interests in the mezzanine section of our consolidated balance sheets. We have the right to acquire our partner s interest at fair value upon the earlier of following the project s achievement of a construction commencement threshold of million square feet or March 2040; the project had achieved approximately million square feet of construction commencement through December 31, 2023. Our partner has the right to receive some or all of the consideration for the acquisition of its interests in the form of common units in CDPLP; 
 > for Stevens Investors, LLC, net cash flows of this entity are distributed to the partners as follows: (1) member loans and accrued interest; (2) pro rata return of the partners capital; (3) pro rata return of the partners respective unpaid preferred returns; and (4) varying splits of to to us and the balance to our partners as we reach specified return hurdles. Our partners had the right to require us to acquire some or all of their interests for fair value until June 2023; accordingly, we classified the fair value of our partners interests as redeemable noncontrolling interests in the mezzanine section of our consolidated balance sheets until such rights expired in June 2023. We and our partners each have the right to acquire each other s interests at fair value beginning in December 2023. Our partners have the right to receive some or all of the consideration for the acquisition of their interests in the form of common units in CDPLP; and 
 > for M Square Associates, LLC, net cash flows of this entity are distributed to the partners as follows: (1) member loans and accrued interest; (2) our preferred return and capital contributions used to fund infrastructure costs; (3) the partners preferred returns and capital contributions used to fund all other costs in proportion to their respective accrued returns and capital accounts; and (4) residual amounts distributed to each member. 
 
 We disclose the activity of our redeemable noncontrolling interests in Note 10. 
 
 Unconsolidated Real Estate Joint Ventures 
 
 BREIT COPT DC JV LLC 6/20/2019 Quark (2) 12/14/2022 BRE-COPT 3 (2) 6/2/2021 B RE COPT DC JV II LLC (3) 10/30/2020 ) ) 
 (1) Included million and million reported in investment in unconsolidated real estate joint ventures and million and million for investments with deficit balances reported in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 (2) Formed in connection with transactions described further in Note 4. 
 million as of December 31, 2023 and million as of December 31, 2022 due to a difference between our cost basis and our share of the joint venture s underlying equity in its net assets. We recognize adjustments to our share of the joint venture s earnings and losses resulting from this basis difference in the underlying assets of the joint venture. 
 
 These joint ventures operate triple-net leased, single-tenant data center shell properties in Northern Virginia. We concluded that these joint ventures are variable interest entities. Under the terms of the joint venture agreements, we and our partners receive returns in proportion to our investments, and our maximum exposure to losses is limited to our investments, subject to our share 
 F-26 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

7. 
 Other investing loans receivable Amortized cost basis Allowance for credit losses ) ) Investing receivables, net 
 
 The balances above include accrued interest receivable , net of allowance for credit losses, of million as of December 31, 2023 and million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our notes receivable from the City of Huntsville funded infrastructure costs in connection with our LW Redstone Company, LLC joint venture (see Note 6) and carry an interest rate of . These notes and the accrued and unpaid interest thereon, which compounds annually on March 1, will be repaid using the real estate taxes generated by the properties developed by the joint venture. When these tax revenues are sufficient to cover the debt service on a certain increment of municipal bonds, the City of Huntsville is required to issue bonds to repay the notes and the accrued and unpaid interest thereon. Each note has a maturity date of the earlier of years from the date issued or the expiration of the tax increment district comprising the developed properties in 2045. 
 
 Our other investing loan receivable as of December 31, 2023 carries a stated interest rate of and matures in 2024. 
 
 The fair value of these receivables was approximately million as of December 31, 2023 and million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 F-27 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

8. 
 to (2) 
 2024-2026 Variable-rate secured debt SOFR + 
 + to (3) 
 2025-2026 Total mortgage and other secured debt Revolving Credit Facility (4) SOFR + 
 + to (5) 
 October 2026 (4) Term Loan Facility (4) SOFR + 
 + to (6) 
 January 2026 (4) Unsecured Senior Notes (4) , aggregate principal 
 (7) 
 March 2026 , aggregate principal 
 (8) 
 September 2028 , aggregate principal 
 (9) 
 January 2029 , aggregate principal 
 (10) 
 April 2031 , aggregate principal 
 (11) 
 December 2033 Unsecured note payable (12) 
 May 2026 Total debt, net 
 (1) The carrying values of our debt other than the Revolving Credit Facility reflect net deferred financing costs of million as of December 31, 2023 and million as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) The weighted average interest rate on our fixed-rate mortgage debt was as of December 31, 2023. 
 (3) Including the effect of interest rate swaps that hedge the risk of interest rate changes, the weighted average interest rate on our variable-rate secured debt as of December 31, 2023 was ; excluding the effect of these swaps, the weighted average interest rate on this debt as of December 31, 2023 was . 
 (4) Refer to the paragraphs below for further disclosure. 
 (5) The weighted average interest rate on the Revolving Credit Facility was as of December 31, 2023, excluding the effect of interest rate swaps that hedge the risk of interest rate changes (see Note 9). 
 (6) The interest rate on this loan was as of December 31, 2023, excluding the effect of interest rate swaps that hedge the risk of interest rate changes (see Note 9). 
 (7) The carrying value of these notes reflects unamortized discounts and commissions totaling million as of December 31, 2023 and million as of December 31, 2022 The effective interest rate under the notes, including amortization of such costs, was . 
 (8) The carrying value of these notes reflects unamortized commissions totaling million as of December 31, 2023. The effective interest rate under the notes, including amortization of such costs, was . Refer to the paragraphs below for further disclosure. 
 (9) The carrying value of these notes reflects unamortized discounts and commissions totaling million as of December 31, 2023 and million as of December 31, 2022. The effective interest rate under the notes, including amortization of such costs, was . 
 (10) The carrying value of these notes reflects unamortized discounts and commissions totaling million as of December 31, 2023 and million as of December 31, 2022. The effective interest rate under the notes, including amortization of such costs, was . 
 (11) The carrying value of these notes reflects unamortized discounts and commissions totaling million as of December 31, 2023 and million as of December 31, 2022. The effective interest rate under the notes, including amortization of such costs, was . 
 (12) This note carries an interest rate that, upon assumption, was below market rates and it therefore was recorded at its fair value based on applicable effective interest rates. The carrying value of this note reflects an unamortized discount totaling as of December 31, 2023 and as of December 31, 2022. 

F-28 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total (1) 
 (1) Represents scheduled principal amortization and maturities only and therefore excludes net discounts and deferred financing costs of million. 
 
 We capitalized interest costs of million in 2023, million in 2022 and million in 2021. 
 
 Other fixed-rate debt Variable-rate debt 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 On October 26, 2022, we entered into a credit agreement with a group of lenders for an unsecured revolving credit facility with a lender commitment of million that replaced our existing unsecured revolving credit facility (the prior facility and new facility are referred to collectively herein as our Revolving Credit Facility ). The facility matures on October 26, 2026, with the ability for us to extend such maturity by periods at our option, provided that there is no default under the facility and we pay an extension fee of of the total availability under the facility for each extension period. The interest rate on the facility is based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a SOFR index adjustment of plus to , as determined by the credit ratings assigned to CDPLP by S P Global Ratings, Moody s Investors Service, Inc. or Fitch Ratings, Inc. (collectively, the Ratings Agencies ). The facility also carries a quarterly fee that is based on the lenders commitment under the facility multiplied by a per annum rate of to , as determined by the credit ratings assigned to CDPLP by the Ratings Agencies. As of December 31, 2023, the maximum borrowing capacity under this facility totaled million, of which million was available. 
 
 Weighted average borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility totaled million in 2023 and million in 2022. The weighted average interest rate on our Revolving Credit Facility was in 2023 and in 2022, excluding the effect of interest rate swaps that hedge the risk of interest rate changes. 
 
 Term Loan Facilities 
 
 The credit agreement with a group of lenders entered into on October 26, 2022 discussed above provided for a million unsecured term loan with an interest rate based on SOFR plus a SOFR index adjustment of plus to , as determined by the credit ratings assigned to CDPLP by the Ratings Agencies. This term loan facility matures on January 30, 2026, with the ability for us to extend such maturity by periods at our option, provided that there is no default under the facility and we pay an extension fee of of the outstanding loan balance for each extension period. 
 
 In addition to the term loan discussed above, we also had a term loan that we amended in 2020 to increase the loan amount by million for a balance outstanding of million. We repaid million of this loan in 2021 and the remaining million in 2022. 
 
 F-29 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million of Senior Notes due 2031 (the 2.75 Notes at an initial offering price of of their face value on March 11, 2021, resulting in proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions, but before other offering expenses, of million. The notes mature on April 15, 2031; 
 > million of Senior Notes due 2029 (the 2.00 Notes at an initial offering price of of their face value on August 11, 2021, resulting in proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions, but before other offering expenses, of million. The notes mature on January 15, 2029; 
 > million of Senior Notes due 2033 (the 2.90 Notes at an initial offering price of of their face value on November 17, 2021, resulting in proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions, but before other offering expenses, of million. The notes mature on December 1, 2033; and 
 > million of Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2028 (the 5.25 Notes in a private placement to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on September 12, 2023, resulting in proceeds, after deducting the initial purchasers commissions, but before other offering expenses, of million. The notes mature on September 15, 2028. 
 
 We may redeem our 2.25 Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2.25 Notes and the 2.75 Notes, 2.00 Notes and 2.90 Notes in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at our option, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) the aggregate principal amount of the notes being redeemed or (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption) discounted to its present value, on a semi-annual basis at an adjusted treasury rate plus a spread basis points for the 2.25 Notes, basis points for the 2.75 Notes, basis points for the 2.00 Notes and basis points for the 2.90 Notes), plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption. However, in each case, if this redemption occurs on or after a defined date (February 15, 2026 for the 2.25 Notes, January 15, 2031 for the 2.75 Notes, November 15, 2028 for the 2.00 Notes and September 1, 2033 for the 2.90 Notes), the redemption price will be equal to of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the applicable redemption date. These notes are unconditionally guaranteed by COPT Defense. 
 
 With regard to the 5.25 Notes: 
 
 > prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding June 15, 2028, the notes will be exchangeable at the option of the noteholders only in the event of certain circumstances and during certain periods defined under the terms of the notes. On or after June 15, 2028, the notes will be exchangeable at the option of the holders at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date. Upon exchange, the principal amount of notes is payable in cash. The remainder of the exchange obligation, if any, as determined based on the exchange price per common share at the time of settlement, is payable in cash, common shares or a combination thereof at our election. The exchange rate of the notes initially equaled 33.3739 of our common shares per 1,000 principal amount of notes (equivalent to an initial exchange price of approximately per common share). The exchange rate is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of some events, but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest; 
 > we may redeem the notes at our option, in whole or in part, on any business day on or after September 21, 2026, and prior to the 51st scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, if the last reported sale price of our common shares has been at least of the exchange price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption. The redemption price will be equal to of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date; 
 > the notes are unconditionally guaranteed by COPT Defense; and 
 > 
 Interest expense associated with amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Total 
 
 In 2021, we purchased or redeemed the following unsecured senior notes: 
 
 > purchased pursuant to tender offers million of 3.60 Senior Notes due 2023 for million and million of 5.25 Senior Notes due 2024 for million, plus accrued interest effective March 11, 2021; and on April 12, 2021, redeemed the remaining million of 3.60 Senior Notes due 2023 for million and million of 5.25 Senior Notes due 2024 for million, plus accrued interest. In connection with these purchases and redemptions, we recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt of million in 2021; and 
 > redeemed million of 5.00 Senior Notes due 2025 on November 18, 2021 for million plus accrued interest. We recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt of million for this redemption in 2021. 
 F-30 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

9. 
 (1) SOFR + 
 8/1/2019 8/1/2026 (2) SOFR + 
 4/1/2020 3/26/2025 One-Month SOFR 2/1/2023 2/2/2026 One-Month SOFR 2/1/2023 2/2/2026 
 (1) The notional amount of this instrument is scheduled to amortize to million. 
 (2) The notional amount of this instrument is scheduled to amortize to million. 
 
 Each of these swaps was designated as a cash flow hedge of interest rate risk. 

) ) 
 
 Based on the fair value of our derivatives as of December 31, 2023, we estimate that approximately million of gains will be reclassified from AOCI as a decrease to interest expense over the next 12 months. 
 
 We have agreements with each of our interest rate derivative counterparties that contain provisions under which, if we default or are capable of being declared in default on defined levels of our indebtedness, we could also be declared in default on our derivative obligations. Failure to comply with the loan covenant provisions could result in our being declared in default on any derivative instrument obligations covered by the agreements. As of December 31, 2023, we were not in default with any of these provisions. As of December 31, 2023, we did not have any derivatives in liability positions. 

10. 
 
 Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Adjustment for changes in fair value of interests ) Reclassification of Stevens Investors, LLC interests to equity ) Ending balance 
 
 F-31 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

11. 
 
 million preferred shares authorized and unissued at par value per share. 
 
 Common Shares 
 
 In May 2022, we entered into an at-the-market ATM stock offering program (the 2022 ATM Program that replaced a similar program established in 2018 (the 2018 ATM Program because we replaced the registration statement under which the 2018 ATM Program was registered with a new registration statement. Under the 2022 ATM Program, we may offer and sell common shares in at-the-market stock offerings having an aggregate gross sales price of up to million and may also, at our discretion, sell common shares under forward equity sales agreements. As of December 31, 2023, we had t issued any shares under the 2022 ATM Program. 
 
 Certain holders of CDPLP common units converted an aggregate of of their units into common shares in 2021 on the basis of common share for each common unit. CDPLP common units were converted in 2023 or 2022. 
 
 We declared dividends per common share of in 2023 and in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 We pay dividends at the discretion of our Board of Trustees. Our ability to pay cash dividends will be dependent upon: (1) the cash flow generated from our operations; (2) cash generated or used by our financing and investing activities; and (3) the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code described in Note 2 and such other factors as the Board of Trustees deems relevant. Our ability to make cash dividends will also be limited by the terms of CDPLP s Partnership Agreement, as well as by limitations imposed by state law. In addition, we are prohibited from paying cash dividends in excess of the amount necessary for us to qualify for taxation as a REIT if a default or event of default exists pursuant to the terms of the credit agreement underlying our Revolving Credit Facility and unsecured term loan; this restriction does not currently limit our ability to pay dividends, and we do not believe that this restriction is reasonably likely to limit our ability to pay future dividends because we expect to comply with the terms of this agreement. 
 
 See Note 12 for disclosure of common share activity pertaining to our share-based compensation plans. 

12. 
 million of our common shares to be issued in the form of options, share appreciation rights, restricted share unit awards, restricted share awards, unrestricted share awards, PIUs, dividend equivalent rights and other equity-based awards and for the granting of cash-based awards. This plan expires on May 11, 2027. Shares for the 2017 Plan are issued under a registration statement on Form S-8 that became effective upon filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Property operating expenses Capitalized to development activities Share-based compensation cost 
 
 F-32 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

for awards to our executives and non-employee Trustees and to for awards to all other employees. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested awards included: 
 
 > million on restricted shares expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately ; 
 > million on PB-PIUs expected to be recognized over a weighted average performance period of approximately ; 
 > million on TB-PIUs expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately ; and 
 > on deferred share awards expected to be recognized through May 2024. 
 
 Restricted Shares 
 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested as of December 31, 2021 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested as of December 31, 2023 
 Unvested shares as of December 31, 2023 that are expected to vest 

Restricted shares granted to employees vest based on increments and over periods of time set forth under the terms of the respective awards provided that the employee remains employed by us. Restricted shares granted to non-employee Trustees vest on the first anniversary of the grant date, provided that the Trustee remains in his or her position. 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of restricted shares that vested was million in 2023, million in 2022 and million in 2021. 
 
 PIUs 
 
 We granted forms of PIUs: TB-PIUs; and PB-PIUs. TB-PIUs are subject to forfeiture restrictions until the end of the requisite service period, at which time the TB-PIUs automatically convert into vested PIUs. PB-PIUs are subject to a market condition in that the number of earned awards are determined at the end of the performance period (as described further below) and then settled in vested PIUs. Vested PIUs automatically convert into common units in CDPLP if, or when, a book-up event (as defined under federal income tax regulations) has occurred and carry substantially the same rights to distributions as common units. 
 
 F-33 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Granted Vested ) Unvested as of December 31, 2021 
 Granted Vested ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested as of December 31, 2023 
 Unvested TB-PIUs as of December 31, 2023 that are expected to vest 

The aggregate intrinsic value of TB-PIUs that vested was million in 2023, million in 2022 and million in 2021. 
 
 PB-PIUs 
 
 1/1/2020 1/1/2021 1/1/2022 1/1/2023 
 
 The PB-PIUs each have a performance period concluding on the earlier of the respective performance period end dates, or the date of: (1) termination by us without cause, death or disability of the employee or constructive discharge of the employee (collectively, qualified termination or (2) a sale event. 
 of PB-PIUs granted 
 50th (target) of PB-PIUs granted 
 25th of PB-PIUs granted 
 Below 25th of PB-PIUs granted 

If the percentile rank exceeds the 25th percentile and is between of the percentile ranks set forth in the table above, then the percentage of the earned awards will be interpolated between the ranges set forth in the table above to reflect any performance between the listed percentiles. If COPT Defense s TSR during the measurement period is negative, the maximum number of earned awards will be limited to the target level payout percentage. During the performance period, PB-PIUs carry rights to 
 F-34 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

of the distribution rights of common units but carry no redemption rights. At the end of the performance period, we settle the award by issuing vested PIUs equal to the number of earned awards and either: 
 
 > for awards granted January 1, 2019 and 2020, paying cash equal to the excess, if any, of: the aggregate distributions that would have been paid with respect to vested PIUs issued in settlement of the earned awards through the date of settlement had such vested PIUs been issued on the grant date; over the aggregate distributions made on the PB-PIUs during the performance period; or 
 > for all other awards, issuing additional vested PIUs equal to the excess, if any, of (1) the aggregate distributions that would have been paid with respect to vested PIUs issued in settlement of the earned awards through the date of settlement had such vested PIUs been issued on the grant date over (2) the aggregate distributions made on the PB-PIUs during the performance period, divided by the price of our common shares over a defined period of time. 
 
 If a performance period ends due to a sale event or qualified termination, the number of earned awards is prorated based on the portion of the performance period that has elapsed. If employment is terminated by the employee or by us for cause, all PB-PIUs are forfeited. 
 
 Based on COPT Defense s TSR relative to its peer group of companies: 
 
 > for the 2019 PB-PIUs issued to employees that vested on December 31, 2021, we issued vested PIUs in settlement of the PB-PIUs on February 1, 2022; 
 > for the 2020 PB-PIUs issued to employees that vested on December 31, 2022, we issued vested PIUs in settlement of the PB-PIUs on February 1, 2023; and 
 > for the 2021 PB-PIUs issued to employees that vested on December 31, 2023, we issued vested PIUs in settlement of the PB-PIUs on February 1, 2024. 
 
 We computed grant date fair values for PB-PIUs using Monte Carlo models and recognize these values over the respective performance periods. 
 1/1/2022 1/1/2023 
 
 In 2023, PB-PIUs were forfeited due to an award recipient s resignation. 
 
 Deferred Share Awards 
 
 2022 2023 
 
 Deferred share awards vest on the first anniversary of the grant date, provided that the Trustee remains in his or her position. We settle deferred share awards by issuing an equivalent number of common shares upon vesting of the awards or a later date elected by the Trustee (generally upon cessation of being a Trustee). We did have any award settlements in 2021, 2022 or 2023. 
 
 F-35 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

13. 

F-36 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Property operating expenses ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) UJV NOI allocable to COPT Defense NOI from real estate operations Additions to long-lived assets Transfers from non-operating properties Segment assets at December 31, 2023 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Revenues from real estate operations Property operating expenses ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) UJV NOI allocable to COPT Defense NOI from real estate operations Additions to long-lived assets ) Transfers from non-operating properties Segment assets at December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Revenues from real estate operations Property operating expenses ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) UJV NOI allocable to COPT Defense NOI from real estate operations Additions to long-lived assets Transfers from non-operating properties Segment assets at December 31, 2021 

F-37 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Construction contract and other service revenues Less: Revenues from discontinued operations (Note 4) 
 ) ) Total revenues 
 
 Less: Property operating expenses from discontinued operations (Note 4) 
 ) ) Total property operating expenses 

Less: Income from UJVs allocable to COPT Defense attributable to depreciation and amortization expense, interest expense and gain on early extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Add: Equity in (loss) income of unconsolidated non-real estate entities ) ) Equity in (loss) income of unconsolidated entities ) 
 
 As previously discussed, we provide real estate services such as property management, development and construction services primarily for our properties but also for third parties. The primary manner in which we evaluate the operating performance of our service activities is through a measure we define as net operating income from service operations NOI from service operations ), which is based on the net of revenues and expenses from these activities. Construction contract and other service revenues and expenses consist primarily of subcontracted costs that are reimbursed to us by the customer along with a management fee. The operating margins from these activities are small relative to the revenue. We believe NOI from service operations is a useful measure in assessing both our level of activity and our profitability in conducting such operations. 
 Construction contract and other service expenses ) ) ) NOI from service operations 
 
 F-38 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

NOI from service operations Depreciation and other amortization associated with real estate operations ) ) ) Impairment losses ) General, administrative, leasing and other expenses ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest and other income, net Gain on sales of real estate Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) ) Equity in (loss) income of unconsolidated entities ) UJV NOI allocable to COPT Defense included in equity in (loss) income of unconsolidated entities ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) ) Revenues from real estate operations from discontinued operations (Note 4) 
 ) ) Property operating expenses from discontinued operations (Note 4) 
 (Loss) income from continuing operations ) 
 
 Operating properties lease liabilities included in segment assets Non-operating property assets Other assets Total consolidated assets 
 
 The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those used to prepare our consolidated financial statements, except that discontinued operations are not presented separately for segment purposes. In the segment reporting presented above, we did not allocate interest expense, depreciation and amortization, impairment losses, gain on sales of real estate, loss on early extinguishment of debt and equity in (loss) income of unconsolidated entities not included in NOI to our real estate segments since they are not included in the measure of segment profit reviewed by management. We also did not allocate general, administrative, leasing and other expenses, interest and other income, net, income taxes and noncontrolling interests because these items represent general corporate or non-operating property items not attributable to segments. 

14. 
 
 GMP Cost-plus fee Other 
 
 We derived of our construction contract revenue from the USG in 2023, in 2022 and in 2021. 
 
 We recognized an insignificant amount of revenue in 2023, 2022 and 2021 from performance obligations satisfied (or partially satisfied) in previous periods. 
 F-39 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Ending balance 
 
 Contract assets are included in prepaid expenses and other assets, net on our consolidated balance sheets. The beginning and ending balances of our contract assets were as follows (in thousands): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Beginning balance Ending balance 
 
 Contract liabilities are included in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Changes in contract liabilities were as follows (in thousands): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Beginning balance Ending balance Portion of beginning balance recognized in revenue during the year 
 
 Revenue allocated to the remaining performance obligations under existing contracts as of December 31, 2023 that will be recognized as revenue in future periods was million, all of which we expect to recognize in 2024. 
 
 deferred incremental costs incurred to obtain or fulfill our construction contracts or other service revenues as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. Credit loss recoveries on construction contracts receivable and unbilled construction revenue were insignificant in 2023 and in 2022 and credit loss expense on construction contracts receivable and unbilled construction revenue was in 2021. 

15. 
 
 Credit loss (recoveries) expense (3) ) ) ) December 31, 2021 Credit loss expense (recoveries) (3) ) ) December 31, 2022 Credit loss recoveries (3) ) ) ) ) Write-offs ) ) December 31, 2023 
 (1) Included in the line entitled accounts receivable, net on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) The balance as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 included and , respectively, in the line entitled accounts receivable, net and and , respectively, in the line entitled prepaid expenses and other assets, net on our consolidated balance sheets. 

F-40 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Non-investment grade Total Tenant notes receivable: Credit risk classification: Investment grade Non-investment grade Total Gross write-offs during the year ended December 31, 2023 
 Sales-type lease receivable: Credit risk classification: Investment grade 
 
 Our investment grade credit risk classification represents entities with investment grade credit ratings from ratings agencies (such as S P Global Ratings, Moody s Investors Service, Inc. or Fitch Ratings, Inc.), meaning that they are considered to have at least an adequate capacity to meet their financial commitments, with credit risk ranging from minimal to moderate. Our non-investment grade credit risk classification represents entities with either no credit agency credit ratings or ratings deemed to be sub-investment grade; we believe that there is significantly more credit risk associated with this classification. The credit risk classifications of our investing receivables and tenant notes receivable were last updated in December 2023. 
 
 An insignificant portion of the investing and tenant notes receivables set forth above was past due, which we define as being delinquent by more than three months from the due date. 
 
 Notes receivable on nonaccrual status as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 were not significant. We did not recognize any interest income on notes receivable on nonaccrual status during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 

16. 

F-41 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Loss (income) from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Income from continuing operations attributable to share-based compensation awards for basic EPS ) ) ) Numerator for basic EPS from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders ) Redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Adjustment to income from continuing operations attributable to share-based compensation awards for diluted EPS Numerator for diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders ) Discontinued operations Discontinued operations attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Income from discontinued operations attributable to share-based compensation awards for diluted EPS ) Numerator for diluted EPS on net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders ) Denominator (all weighted averages): Denominator for basic EPS (common shares) Dilutive effect of redeemable noncontrolling interests Dilutive effect of share-based compensation awards Denominator for diluted EPS (common shares) Basic EPS attributable to common shareholders: (Loss) income from continuing operations ) Discontinued operations Net (loss) income ) Diluted EPS attributable to common shareholders: (Loss) income from continuing operations ) Discontinued operations Net (loss) income ) 
 
 Conversion of redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 
 The following securities were also excluded from the computation of diluted EPS because their effect was antidilutive: 
 
 > weighted average restricted shares and deferred share awards of for 2023, for 2022 and for 2021; 
 > weighted average TB-PIUs of for 2023, for 2022 and for 2021; 
 > weighted average vested PIUs of for 2023; and 
 > weighted average PB-PIUs of for 2023. 
 
 As discussed in Note 8, our Notes issued on September 12, 2023 have an exchange settlement feature under which the principal amount of notes exchanged is payable in cash, with the remainder of the exchange obligation, if any, as determined based on the exchange price per common share at the time of settlement, payable in cash, common shares or a combination 
 F-42 

COPT Defense Properties and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

17. 
 million for certain municipal tax claims; while we do not believe this loss would materially affect our financial position or liquidity, it could be material to our results of operations. Management believes that it is also reasonably possible that we could incur losses pursuant to other claims but do not believe such losses would materially affect our financial position, liquidity or results of operations. Our assessment of the potential outcomes of these matters involves significant judgment and is subject to change based on future developments. 
 
 Environmental 
 
 We are subject to various federal, state and local environmental regulations related to our property ownership and operations. We have performed environmental assessments of our properties, the results of which have not revealed any environmental liability that we believe would have a materially adverse effect on our financial position, operations or liquidity. 
 
 In connection with a lease and subsequent sale in 2008 and 2010 of properties in Dayton, New Jersey, we agreed to provide certain environmental indemnifications limited to million in the aggregate. We have insurance coverage in place to mitigate most of any potential future losses that may result from these indemnification agreements. 
 
 Tax Incremental Financing Obligation 
 
 Anne Arundel County, Maryland issued tax incremental financing bonds to third-party investors in order to finance public improvements needed in connection with our project known as the National Business Park. These bonds had a remaining principal balance of approximately million as of December 31, 2023. The real estate taxes on increases in assessed values post-bond issuance of properties in development districts encompassing the National Business Park are transferred to a special fund pledged to the repayment of the bonds. While we are obligated to fund, through a special tax, any future shortfalls between debt service of the bonds and real estate taxes available to repay the bonds, as of December 31, 2023, we do not expect any such future fundings will be required. 
 
 F-43 

Corporate Office Properties Trust and Subsidiaries 
 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2023 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

 ) 1973/2011 8/7/2015 100 Secured Gateway (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2020 3/23/2010 1000 Redstone Gateway (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2013 3/23/2010 1100 Redstone Gateway (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2014 3/23/2010 114 National Business Parkway (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2002 6/30/2000 1200 Redstone Gateway (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2013 3/23/2010 1201 M Street SE (O) Washington, DC ) 2001 9/28/2010 1201 Winterson Road (O) Linthicum, MD ) 1985/2017 4/30/1998 1220 12th Street SE (O) Washington, DC ) 2003 9/28/2010 1243 Winterson Road (L) Linthicum, MD (6) 12/19/2001 131 National Business Parkway (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 1990 9/28/1998 132 National Business Parkway (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2000 5/28/1999 133 National Business Parkway (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 1997 9/28/1998 134 National Business Parkway (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 1999 11/13/1998 1340 Ashton Road (O) Hanover, MD ) 1989 4/28/1999 13450 Sunrise Valley Drive (O) Herndon, VA ) 1998 7/25/2003 13454 Sunrise Valley Drive (O) Herndon, VA ) 1998 7/25/2003 135 National Business Parkway (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 1998 12/30/1998 1362 Mellon Road (O) Hanover, MD ) 2006 2/10/2006 13857 McLearen Road (O) Herndon, VA ) 2007 7/11/2012 140 National Business Parkway (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2003 12/31/2003 141 National Business Parkway (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 1990 9/28/1998 14280 Park Meadow Drive (O) Chantilly, VA ) 1999 9/29/2004 1460 Dorsey Road (L) Hanover, MD (6) 2/28/2006 14840 Conference Center Drive (O) Chantilly, VA ) 2000 7/25/2003 14850 Conference Center Drive (O) Chantilly, VA ) 2000 7/25/2003 14900 Conference Center Drive (O) Chantilly, VA ) 1999 7/25/2003 1501 South Clinton Street (O) Baltimore, MD ) 2006 10/27/2009 15049 Conference Center Drive (O) Chantilly, VA ) 1997 8/14/2002 15059 Conference Center Drive (O) Chantilly, VA ) 2000 8/14/2002 1550 West Nursery Road (O) Linthicum, MD ) 2009 10/28/2009 1560 West Nursery Road (O) Linthicum, MD ) 2014 10/28/2009 1610 West Nursery Road (O) Linthicum, MD ) 2016 4/30/1998 1616 West Nursery Road (O) Linthicum, MD ) 2017 4/30/1998 1622 West Nursery Road (O) Linthicum, MD ) 2016 4/30/1998 16442 Commerce Drive (O) Dahlgren, VA ) 2002 12/21/2004 16480 Commerce Drive (O) Dahlgren, VA ) 2000 12/28/2004 
 F-44 

) 2002 12/21/2004 16539 Commerce Drive (O) Dahlgren, VA ) 1990 12/21/2004 16541 Commerce Drive (O) Dahlgren, VA ) 1996 12/21/2004 16543 Commerce Drive (O) Dahlgren, VA ) 2002 12/21/2004 1751 Pinnacle Drive (O) McLean, VA ) 1989/1995 9/23/2004 1753 Pinnacle Drive (O) McLean, VA ) 1976/2004 9/23/2004 206 Research Boulevard (O) Aberdeen, MD 2012 9/14/2007 209 Research Boulevard (O) Aberdeen, MD ) 2010 9/14/2007 210 Research Boulevard (O) Aberdeen, MD ) 2010 9/14/2007 2100 L Street (O) Washington, DC ) 2020 8/11/2015 2100 Rideout Road (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2016 3/23/2010 22289 Exploration Drive (O) Lexington Park, MD ) 2000 3/24/2004 22299 Exploration Drive (O) Lexington Park, MD ) 1998 3/24/2004 22300 Exploration Drive (O) Lexington Park, MD ) 1997 11/9/2004 22309 Exploration Drive (O) Lexington Park, MD ) 1984/1997 3/24/2004 23535 Cottonwood Parkway (O) California, MD ) 1984 3/24/2004 250 W Pratt St (O) Baltimore, MD ) 1985 3/19/2015 2600 Park Tower Drive (O) Vienna, VA ) 1999 4/15/2015 2691 Technology Drive (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2005 5/26/2000 2701 Technology Drive (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2001 5/26/2000 2711 Technology Drive (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2002 11/13/2000 2720 Technology Drive (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2004 1/31/2002 2721 Technology Drive (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2000 10/21/1999 2730 Hercules Road (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 1990 9/28/1998 30 Light Street (O) Baltimore, MD ) 2009 8/7/2015 300 Secured Gateway (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2023 3/23/2010 300 Sentinel Drive (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2009 11/14/2003 302 Sentinel Drive (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2007 11/14/2003 304 Sentinel Drive (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2005 11/14/2003 306 Sentinel Drive (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2006 11/14/2003 308 Sentinel Drive (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2010 11/14/2003 310 Sentinel Way (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2016 11/14/2003 310 The Bridge Street (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2009 8/9/2011 312 Sentinel Way (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2014 11/14/2003 314 Sentinel Way (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2008 11/14/2003 316 Sentinel Way (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2011 11/14/2003 318 Sentinel Way (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2005 11/14/2003 
 F-45 

) 2007 11/14/2003 322 Sentinel Way (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2006 11/14/2003 324 Sentinel Way (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2010 6/29/2006 4000 Market Street (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2018 3/23/2010 410 National Business Parkway (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2012 6/29/2006 4100 Market Street (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2019 3/23/2010 420 National Business Parkway (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2013 6/29/2006 430 National Business Parkway (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2011 6/29/2006 44408 Pecan Court (O) California, MD ) 1986 3/24/2004 44414 Pecan Court (O) California, MD ) 1986 3/24/2004 44417 Pecan Court (O) California, MD ) 1989/2015 3/24/2004 44420 Pecan Court (O) California, MD ) 1989 11/9/2004 44425 Pecan Court (O) California, MD ) 1997 5/5/2004 45310 Abell House Lane (O) California, MD ) 2011 8/30/2010 4600 River Road (O) College Park, MD ) 2020 1/29/2008 46579 Expedition Drive (O) Lexington Park, MD ) 2002 3/24/2004 46591 Expedition Drive (O) Lexington Park, MD ) 2005 3/24/2004 4851 Stonecroft Boulevard (O) Chantilly, VA ) 2004 8/14/2002 5300 Redstone Gateway (O) Huntsville, AL (7) 3/23/2010 540 National Business Parkway (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2017 6/29/2006 550 National Business Parkway (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2023 6/29/2006 5520 Research Park Drive (O) Catonsville, MD ) 2009 4/4/2006 5522 Research Park Drive (O) Catonsville, MD ) 2007 3/8/2006 560 National Business Parkway (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2022 6/29/2006 5801 University Research Court (O) College Park, MD ) 2018 1/29/2008 5825 University Research Court (O) College Park, MD ) 2008 1/29/2008 5850 University Research Court (O) College Park, MD ) 2008 1/29/2008 6000 Redstone Gateway (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2020 3/23/2010 610 Guardian Way (O) Annapolis Junction, MD ) 2021 6/29/2006 6200 Redstone Gateway (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2022 3/23/2010 6700 Alexander Bell Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 1988 5/14/2001 6708 Alexander Bell Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 1988/2016 5/14/2001 6711 Columbia Gateway Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 2006-2007 9/28/2000 6716 Alexander Bell Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 1990 12/31/1998 6721 Columbia Gateway Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 2009 9/28/2000 6724 Alexander Bell Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 2001 5/14/2001 6731 Columbia Gateway Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 2002 3/29/2000 
 F-46 

) 1992 12/31/1998 6741 Columbia Gateway Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 2008 9/28/2000 6750 Alexander Bell Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 2001 12/31/1998 6760 Alexander Bell Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 1991 12/31/1998 6940 Columbia Gateway Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 1999 11/13/1998 6950 Columbia Gateway Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 1998/2019 10/22/1998 7000 Columbia Gateway Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 1999 5/31/2002 7000 Redstone Gateway (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2022 3/23/2010 7005 Columbia Gateway Drive (L) Columbia, MD (6) 6/26/2014 7015 Albert Einstein Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 1999 12/1/2005 7061 Columbia Gateway Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 2000 8/30/2001 7063 Columbia Gateway Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 2000 8/30/2001 7065 Columbia Gateway Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 2000 8/30/2001 7067 Columbia Gateway Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 2001 8/30/2001 7100 Redstone Gateway (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2021 3/23/2010 7125 Columbia Gateway Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 1973/1999 6/29/2006 7130 Columbia Gateway Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 1989 9/19/2005 7134 Columbia Gateway Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 1990/2016 9/19/2005 7138 Columbia Gateway Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 1990 9/19/2005 7142 Columbia Gateway Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 1994/2018 9/19/2005 7150 Columbia Gateway Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 1991 9/19/2005 7150 Riverwood Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 2000 1/10/2007 7160 Riverwood Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 2000 1/10/2007 7170 Riverwood Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 2000 1/10/2007 7175 Riverwood Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 1996/2013 7/27/2005 7200 Redstone Gateway (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2013 3/23/2010 7200 Riverwood Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 1986 10/13/1998 7205 Riverwood Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 2013 7/27/2005 7272 Park Circle Drive (O) Hanover, MD ) 1991/1996 1/10/2007 7318 Parkway Drive (O) Hanover, MD ) 1984 4/16/1999 7400 Redstone Gateway (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2015 3/23/2010 7467 Ridge Road (O) Hanover, MD ) 1990 4/28/1999 7500 Advanced Gateway (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2020 3/23/2010 7600 Advanced Gateway (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2020 3/23/2010 7740 Milestone Parkway (O) Hanover, MD ) 2009 7/2/2007 7770 Backlick Road (O) Springfield, VA ) 2012 3/10/2010 7880 Milestone Parkway (O) Hanover, MD ) 2015 9/17/2013 
 F-47 

) 2021 3/23/2010 8100 Rideout Road (O) Huntsville, AL (7) 3/23/2010 8200 Rideout Road (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2022 3/23/2010 8300 Rideout Road (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2022 3/23/2010 8600 Advanced Gateway (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2020 3/23/2010 8621 Robert Fulton Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 2005-2006 6/10/2005 8661 Robert Fulton Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 2002 12/30/2003 8671 Robert Fulton Drive (O) Columbia, MD ) 2002 12/30/2003 870 Elkridge Landing Road (O) Linthicum, MD ) 1981 8/3/2001 8800 Redstone Gateway (O) Huntsville, AL ) 2019 3/23/2010 891 Elkridge Landing Road (O) Linthicum, MD ) 1984 7/2/2001 901 Elkridge Landing Road (O) Linthicum, MD ) 1984 7/2/2001 911 Elkridge Landing Road (O) Linthicum, MD ) 1985 4/30/1998 938 Elkridge Landing Road (O) Linthicum, MD ) 1984 7/2/2001 939 Elkridge Landing Road (O) Linthicum, MD ) 1983 4/30/1998 Arundel Preserve (L) Hanover, MD (6) 7/2/2007 Canton Crossing Land (L) Baltimore, MD ) (6) 10/27/2009 Canton Crossing Util Distr Ctr (O) Baltimore, MD ) 2006 10/27/2009 Columbia Gateway - Southridge (L) Columbia, MD (6) 9/20/2004 Dahlgren Technology Center (L) Dahlgren, VA (6) 3/16/2005 Expedition VII (O) Lexington Park, MD ) 2022 3/24/2004 M Square Research Park (L) College Park, MD (6) 1/29/2008 MP 3 (O) Northern Virginia (7) 11/8/2018 National Business Park North (L) Annapolis Junction, MD (6) 6/29/2006 North Gate Business Park (L) Aberdeen, MD (6) 9/14/2007 NoVA Office A (O) Chantilly, VA ) 2015 7/18/2002 NoVA Office B (O) Chantilly, VA ) 2016 7/18/2002 NoVA Office C (O) Chantilly, VA ) 2021 7/18/2002 NoVA Office D (O) Chantilly, VA ) 2017 7/2/2013 Oak Grove A (O) Northern Virginia ) 2020 11/1/2018 Oak Grove B (O) Northern Virginia ) 2019 11/1/2018 Oak Grove C (O) Northern Virginia ) 2022 11/1/2018 Oak Grove D (O) Northern Virginia ) 2022 11/1/2018 Old Annapolis Road (O) Columbia, MD ) 1974/1985 12/14/2000 Patriot Ridge (L) Springfield, VA (6) 3/10/2010 Project EL (O) Confidential-USA ) 2021 1/20/2006 Project EX (O) Confidential-USA ) 2018 7/16/2008 
 F-48 

) 2023 1/27/2005 PS B (O) Northern Virginia ) 2023 1/27/2005 Redstone Gateway (L) Huntsville, AL (6) 3/23/2010 Sentry Gateway - T (O) San Antonio, TX ) 1982/2008 3/30/2005 Sentry Gateway - V (O) San Antonio, TX ) 2007 3/30/2005 Sentry Gateway - W (O) San Antonio, TX ) 2009 3/30/2005 Sentry Gateway - X (O) San Antonio, TX ) 2010 1/20/2006 Sentry Gateway - Y (O) San Antonio, TX ) 2010 1/20/2006 Sentry Gateway - Z (O) San Antonio, TX ) 2015 6/14/2005 Southpoint Phase 2 Bldg A (O) Northern Virginia (7) 7/24/2019 Southpoint Phase 2 Bldg B (O) Northern Virginia (7) 7/24/2019 Westfields - Park Center (L) Chantilly, VA (6) 7/2/2013 Other Developments, including intercompany eliminations (V) Various ) Various Various ) 
 (1) A legend for the Property Type follows: (O) = Office or data center shell property; (L) = Land held or pre-development; and (V) = Various. 
 (2) Excludes our Revolving Credit Facility of million, term loan facilities of million, unsecured senior notes of billion, unsecured notes payable of , and deferred financing costs, net of premiums, on the remaining loans of . 
 (3) The aggregate cost of these assets for federal income tax purposes was approximately billion as of December 31, 2023. 
 (4) The estimated lives over which depreciation is recognized follow: Building and land improvements: - years; and tenant improvements: related lease terms. 
 (5) The acquisition date of multi-parcel properties reflects the date of the earliest parcel acquisition. The acquisition date of properties owned through real estate joint ventures reflects the date of the formation of the joint venture. 
 (6) Held as of December 31, 2023. 
 (7) Under development as of December 31, 2023. 

F-49 

Improvements and other additions Sales (1) ) ) ) Impairments (2) ) Other dispositions ) Reclassification from right-of-use asset Ending balance The following table summarizes our changes in accumulated depreciation for the same time periods (in thousands): 2023 2022 2021 Beginning balance Depreciation expense Sales (1) ) ) ) Other dispositions ) Ending balance 
 (1) Includes sales of our wholesale data center and ownership interests in data center shells through newly-formed unconsolidated real estate joint ventures, as described in Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 (2) Includes impairment recognized on operating properties and a parcel of land, as described in Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-50 

<EX-10.4(1)>
 2
 cdp12312023ex1041.htm
 "EX-10.4.1"

Document 
 Exhibit 10.4.1 

CORPORATE OFFICE PROPERTIES TRUST 
 PERFORMANCE-BASED PROFIT INTEREST UNIT AWARD CERTIFICATE 
 (2017 OMNIBUS EQUITY AND INCENTIVE PLAN) 
 
 This Certificate pertains to the Target Award (as hereinafter defined) granted on DATE (the Grant Date by Corporate Office Properties, L.P. (the Partnership or Company ), to Profit Interest Holdings LLC (the Intermediary on behalf of the undersigned grantee (the Grantee ). 
 
 1. Definitions . For purposes of this Certificate, the following terms shall be defined as set forth below 
 
 Absolute Total Shareholder Return means, with respect to the Performance Period, the average, compounded, annual return that would have been realized by a shareholder who (1) bought one Share on the first day of the Performance Period for the Share Price on such date, (2) reinvested each dividend and other distribution declared during such period of time and received with respect to such Share (and any other Shares previously received upon reinvestment of dividends or other distributions), without deduction for any taxes with respect to such dividends or other distributions or any charges in connection with such reinvestment, in additional Shares at a price per Share equal to the sum of (A) the Fair Market Value on the trading day immediately preceding the ex-dividend date for such dividend or other distribution less (B) the amount of such dividend or other distribution and (3) sold such Shares on the last day of such Performance Period for the Share Price on such date, without deduction for any taxes with respect to any gain on such sale or any charges in connection with such sale. As set forth in, and pursuant to, Section 6 of this Certificate, appropriate adjustments to the Absolute Total Shareholder Return shall be made to take into account all share dividends, share splits, reverse share splits and the other events set forth in Section 6 that occur during the Performance Period. 
 Administrator means NEO the compensation committee of the Board OR Non-NEO the Administrator as defined under the terms of the Plan, or its delegate, to the extent so authorized by such Administrator under the terms of the Plan, if and to the extent the Administrator has delegated its authority under the terms of the Plan, the term Administrator herein will be deemed to refer to the authorized delegate. 
 Cause means (A) if the Grantee is a party to an Employment Agreement that includes a definition of cause or is a participant in the Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan, the definition of such term in such Employment Agreement or the Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan, as applicable, or (B) if the Grantee is not party to an Employment Agreement that defines cause and is not a participant in the Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan, a determination by the Administrator that the Grantee shall be dismissed as a result of (i) a violation by the Grantee of any applicable law or regulation respecting the business of the Company (ii) the Grantee s conviction of, indictment for or plea of no contest by the Grantee of a felony or any crime involving moral turpitude (iii) any act of dishonesty or fraud, or, if applicable, the Grantee s commission of an act which in the opinion of the Administrator disqualifies the Grantee from serving as an officer or director of the Company (iv) the willful or negligent failure of the Grantee to perform his or her duties to the Company (other than by reason of disability), which failure continues for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice 
 DC - 704892 000300 - 12869538 v5 

thereof is given to the Grantee or (v) a violation of any provision of the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 Change in Control has the meaning set forth in the Plan. 
 Comparator Companies means the companies listed on Appendix I, attached hereto, which are the companies that currently comprise the Office Property Sector of the FTSE NAREIT All REIT Index provided that, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, no such company will be deemed a Comparator Company if such company ceases to have a class of common equity securities listed on a national securities exchange. In the event that a company listed on Appendix I ceases trading earlier than the last six (6) months of the Performance Period, the total return of an index, as determined by the Administrator, calculated in the same manner as Absolute Total Shareholder Return is calculated, for the entire period shall be substituted for such Comparator Company s Absolute Total Shareholder Return. In the event that a company listed on Appendix I ceases trading during the last six (6) months of the Performance Period, the Administrator shall calculate and utilize such Comparator Company s Absolute Total Shareholder Return ranking relative to Comparator Companies on the trading day immediately prior to the announcement of the transaction or event leading to the company no longer having a class of common equity securities listed on a national securities exchange, for comparison to the other full-period Comparator Company Absolute Total Shareholder Return results. 
 Comparator Company Absolute Total Shareholder Return means, for a Comparator Company, with respect to the Performance Period, the absolute total shareholder return of the common equity of such Comparator Company during the Performance Period, calculated in the same manner as Absolute Total Shareholder Return is calculated. 
 Constructively Discharged means (A) if the Grantee is a party to an Employment Agreement that includes a definition of constructively discharged or is a participant in the Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan, the definition of such term in such Employment Agreement or the Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan, as applicable, or (B) if the Grantee is not party to an Employment Agreement that defines constructively discharged and is not a participant in the Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan, the occurrence of any one of the following events (i) the Grantee is not re-elected to, or is removed from, the position the Grantee holds with the Company as of the Grant Date, other than as a result of the Grantee s election or appointment to positions of equal or superior scope and responsibility (ii) the Grantee shall fail to be vested by the Company with the powers, authority and support services normally attendant to any of said offices (iii) the Company shall notify the Grantee that the employment of the Grantee will be terminated or materially modified in the future or that the Grantee will be Constructively Discharged in the future or (iv) the Company changes the primary employment location of the Grantee to a place that is more than fifty (50) miles from the primary employment location as of the Grant Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Grantee shall not be deemed to be Constructively Discharged unless (1) the Grantee notifies the Company in writing of the occurrence of the condition that would constitute a Constructive Discharge hereunder within 90 days after the first occurrence of such condition (ii) the Company fails to remedy the condition within 30 days after such notice is provided (the Cure Period and (iii) the Grantee terminates the Grantee s employment within 10 days after the end of the Cure Period. 
 2 

Disability means (A) if the Grantee is a party to an Employment Agreement, and disability is defined therein, such definition, or (B) if the Grantee is not party to an Employment Agreement that defines disability, the Grantee is determined to be disabled under the long-term disability program of the Company then covering the Grantee or by a physician engaged by the Company and reasonably approved by the Grantee. 
 Employment Agreement means, as of a particular date, the Grantee s employment agreement with the Company, or a subsidiary of the Company, in effect as of that date, if any. 
 Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan means the Corporate Office Properties Trust, Corporate Office Properties L.P. Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan, as in effect from time to time. 
 Fair Market Value of Shares as of a particular date means (a) if Shares are then listed on a national stock exchange, the closing sales price per share on the principal national stock exchange on which Shares are listed on such date (or, if such date is not a trading date on which there was a sale of such shares on such exchange, the last preceding date on which there was a sale of Shares on such exchange), (b) if Shares are not then listed on a national stock exchange but are then traded on an over-the-counter market, the average of the closing bid and asked prices for Shares in the principal over-the-counter market on which Shares are traded on such date (or, if such date is not a trading date on which there was a sale of Shares on such market, for the last preceding date on which there was a sale of Shares in such market), or (c) if Shares are not then listed on a national stock exchange or traded on an over-the-counter market, such value as the Administrator in its discretion may in good faith determine provided that, where Shares are so listed or traded, the Administrator may make such discretionary determinations where Shares have not been traded for 10 trading days. 
 Performance Period means, the period commencing on PERFORMANCE PERIOD START and concluding on the earlier of (i) PERFORMANCE PERIOD END (ii) the date of a Change in Control or (iii) the date of a Qualified Termination. 
 Plan means the Corporate Office Properties Trust 2017 Omnibus Equity and Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time. 
 Qualified Termination means termination of the Grantee s employment by the Company without Cause, by the Grantee following the date on which the Grantee is Constructively Discharged, or by reason of the Grantee s death or Disability. 
 Share Price means, as of a particular date, the average of the Fair Market Value of one Share for the fifteen (15) trading days starting on, and including, such date (or, if such date is not a trading day, the trading day immediately following such date) provided that if such date is the date upon which a Transactional Change in Control occurs, the Share Price as of such date shall be equal to the fair market value in cash, as determined by the Administrator, of the total consideration paid or payable in the transaction resulting in the Transactional Change in Control for one Share. 
 Transactional Change in Control means (a) a Change in Control described in clause (i) of the definition thereof where the person makes a tender offer for Shares or (b) a Change in Control described in clause (ii) of the definition thereof. 
 
 3 

2. Award . 
 
 (a) Profit Interest Units . Pursuant to the Plan and the Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, as amended (the LP Agreement ), of the Partnership, the Partnership hereby grants, as of the Grant Date, NUMBER Profit Interest Units (200 of the Target Award to the Intermediary, subject to the restrictions and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. The Intermediary will simultaneously grant the same quantity of units of the Intermediary to the Grantee. Profit Interest Units are intended to constitute profits interests within the meaning of Revenue Procedures 93-27 and 2001-43. However, notwithstanding any provisions herein or in the Plan, the Partnership does not guarantee that the Profit Interest Units will be treated as profits interests for tax purposes, and none of the Board, the Partnership, or any affiliate of the Partnership shall indemnify, defend or hold the Grantee harmless with respect to the tax consequences if the Profit Interest Units are not so treated. For the avoidance of doubt, the Profit Interest Units granted to the Intermediary hereunder constitute Units under the Plan for all purposes of the Plan. 
 
 (b) Plan and LP Agreement Incorporated . The Profit Interest Units granted hereunder shall be subject to and governed by all of the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and the LP Agreement including future amendments thereto, if any, pursuant to the terms thereof, which Plan is incorporated herein by reference as a part of this Certificate. Capitalized terms in this Certificate shall have the meaning specified in the Plan, unless a different meaning is specified herein. 
 
 3. Determination of Earned Profit Interest Units . 
 (a) The percentage of the Target Award that will be earned will be based on the percentile rank of the Absolute Total Shareholder Return relative to the Comparator Company Absolute Total Shareholder Returns for the Comparator Companies for the Performance Period as set forth below, except as set forth in Section 4(c) below. 
 
 Percentile Rank Award Earned 75 th percentile or greater 
 200 of the Target Award 50 th percentile 
 100 of the Target Award 25 th percentile 
 50 of the Target Award Below 25 th percentile 
 0 of the Target Award 
 
 The percentile rank above shall be calculated using the following formula 
 Percentile Rank X Y 
 Where 
 4 

X the number of Comparator Companies with a Comparator Company Absolute Total Shareholder Return less than the Absolute Total Shareholder Return during the Performance Period. 
 Y the number of Comparator Companies. 
 If the percentile rank exceeds the 25 th percentile and is between two of the percentile ranks set forth in the table above, then the percentage of the Target Award that is earned will be interpolated between the ranges set forth in the table above to reflect any performance between the listed percentiles (e.g., a 62.5 percentile rank would result in 150 of the Target Award being earned). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Absolute Total Shareholder Return is negative, the Earned Profit Interest Units (as defined below) will be limited to a maximum of 100 of the Target Award, regardless of the percentile rank of Corporate Office Properties Trust COPT ). 
 (b) As soon as practicable following the conclusion of the Performance Period, the Administrator shall determine the actual number of Profit Interest Units that were earned pursuant to this Certificate (the Earned Profit Interest Units ), if any, as of the final day of the Performance Period (the date on which the determination is made, the Determination Date ). Any Profit Interest Units which do not become Earned Profit Interest Units at the Determination Date shall be forfeited automatically and without further action as of that date. 
 4. Termination of Employment Change in Control . 
 (a) In the event that prior to PERFORMANCE PERIOD END the Grantee s employment with the Company shall terminate and such termination of employment is a Qualified Termination, then the Performance Period will end early, as provided in the definition of such term, and the amount of the Target Award earned under this Certificate will be calculated as provided in Section 3 above and Section 4(c) below. In the event that prior to the conclusion of the Performance Period, the Grantee s employment with the Company shall terminate and such termination of employment is not a Qualified Termination, then the Intermediary shall automatically forfeit the Profit Interest Units and all other rights granted hereunder as of the date of termination of employment. 
 (b) In the event that prior to PERFORMANCE PERIOD END a Change in Control occurs, then the Performance Period will end early, as provided in the definition of such term, and the amount of the Target Award earned under this Certificate will be calculated as provided in Section 3 above and Section 4(c) below. 
 (c) In the event that the Performance Period ends prior to PERFORMANCE PERIOD END due to a Change in Control or a Qualified Termination, the number of Profit Interest Units that are earned shall be prorated based upon (X) the number of days from and including the Grant Date to and including the effective date of such Change in Control or Qualified Termination, divided by (Y) the number of days from and including the Grant Date to and including PERFORMANCE PERIOD END . 
 5. Distributions . 
 (a) The Grantee shall be entitled to receive distributions and allocations with respect to the Profit Interest Units granted hereunder to the extent provided for in the LP Agreement, as modified hereby. 
 5 

(b) The Profit Interest Units granted hereunder shall be allocated Profits and Losses (as defined in the LP Agreement), for any taxable year or portion of a taxable year occurring after the issuance of such Profit Interest Units and prior to the Distribution Participation Date (as defined below), in amounts per Profit Interest Unit equal to the amounts allocated per Partnership Unit (as defined in the LP Agreement) for the same period multiplied by the Profit Interest Unit Sharing Percentage (as defined below). Commencing with the portion of the taxable year of the Partnership that begins on the Distribution Participation Date, the Earned Profit Interest Units, if any, shall be allocated Profits and Losses in amounts per Earned Profit Interest Unit equal to the amounts allocated per Partnership Unit. For purposes of this Certificate, the Distribution Participation Date shall be the Determination Date, and the Profit Interest Unit Sharing Percentage shall be ten percent (10 ). 
 (c) During the period commencing on the Grant Date and ending on the day immediately prior to the Distribution Participation Date, each Profit Interest Unit granted hereunder shall be entitled to receive regular cash distributions and non-liquidating special, extraordinary or other distributions under the LP Agreement, in each case in an amount equal to the product of (i) the Profit Interest Unit Sharing Percentage and (ii) the amount that would have been distributable in respect of such Profit Interest Unit if such Profit Interest Unit had been a Partnership Unit for the period to which such distributions relate. 
 (d) As of the Determination Date, with respect to each Earned Profit Interest Unit, if any, the Grantee shall be entitled to receive a distribution in an amount equal to the difference between the aggregate amount of distributions that the Grantee would have been entitled to receive under Section 5(b) had the Profit Interest Unit Sharing Percentage been equal to one-hundred percent (100 and the aggregate amount of distributions that the Grantee actually received under Section 5(b) (the Catch-Up Distribution ), but not less than zero. The Catch-Up Distribution shall be issuable to the Grantee as soon as practicable (but not later than sixty (60) days) following the Determination Date in the form of Shares, with such number of Shares being equal to (a) the aggregate value of those distributions that would have been paid with respect to the Profit Interest Units issued upon settlement of the Earned Profit Interest Units on or before the Determination Date if such Units had been issued on the first day of the Performance Period divided by (b) the Share Price on such Determination Date. 
 (e) All distributions paid with respect to Profit Interest Units, both before and after the Distribution Participation Date, shall be fully vested and non-forfeitable when paid, whether or not the underlying Profit Interest Units have been earned based on performance as provided in Section 3 or Section 4 hereof. 
 6. Adjustments . Without duplication with the provisions of Section 3 of the Plan, if (i) COPT shall at any time be involved in a merger, consolidation, dissolution, liquidation, reorganization, exchange of shares, sale of all or substantially all of the assets or Shares of COPT or a transaction similar thereto, (ii) any share dividend, share split, reverse share split, share combination, reclassification, recapitalization, or other similar change in the capital structure of COPT, or any distribution to holders of Shares other than ordinary cash distributions, shall occur or (iii) any other event shall occur which in the judgment of the Administrator necessitates action by way of adjusting the terms of the Certificate, then and in that event, the Administrator shall take such action as shall be necessary to maintain the Grantee s rights hereunder so that they are substantially proportionate to the rights existing under this Certificate prior to such event, including, but not limited to, adjustments to Absolute Total Shareholder Return, in the number of Profit Interest Units then subject to this Certificate and substitution of other awards under the Plan or otherwise. 
 6 

7. Representations and Warranties . The Grantee hereby makes the following representations, warranties and agreements with respect to the Profit Interest Units 
 
 (a) Restrictions . The Grantee understands and agrees that the Profit Interest Units are being sold or granted in a transaction not involving any public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and that the Profit Interest Units will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state or foreign securities or blue sky laws and that it is anticipated that there will be no public market for the Profit Interest Units. The Grantee understands and agrees that the Partnership is under no obligation to file any registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission in order to permit transfers of the Profit Interest Units. 
 
 (b) Nature of Grantee . The Grantee s knowledge and experience in financial and business matters are such that the Grantee is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment in the Profit Interest Units. The Grantee understands that the Profit Interest Units are a speculative investment which involves a high degree of risk of loss of the Grantee s investment therein. It may not be possible for the Grantee to liquidate the investment in case of emergency, if at all. The Grantee is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Profit Interest Units, including the risk of a complete loss of the investment. 
 
 (c) Purchase for Investment . The Grantee is acquiring the Profit Interest Units indirectly through the Intermediary for his or her own account for investment purposes and not with a view to, or for offer or sale on behalf of it or for the Partnership in connection with, the distribution or resale thereof. 
 
 (d) Receipt of, Access to and Reliance on Information . The Grantee acknowledges that (i) the Partnership has given him or her, at a reasonable time prior to the Grant Date, an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers regarding the terms and conditions of the Plan, the LP Agreement and the Award (ii) the Partnership has given him or her, at a reasonable time prior to the date hereof, an opportunity to obtain any additional information that the Partnership possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense deemed necessary by him or her to verify the accuracy of the information provided, and he or she received all such additional information requested and (iii) he or she has not relied on any of the Partnership or any of its affiliates (as defined in Regulation D of the Securities Act), officers, employees or representatives in connection with his or her investigation of the accuracy of the information provided or his or her investment decision. The Grantee acknowledges that no person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representations concerning the Profit Interest Units, written or oral, that does not conform to the information included in the Plan, the LP Agreement or this Certificate and if given or made, such other information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorized by any of the Partnership or any of its respective affiliates, officers, employees or representatives. 
 
 (e) No Misrepresentations Notification of any Change . The Grantee understands that the Partnership and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations, and warranties, and agrees that if any of the 
 7 

acknowledgements, representations and warranties deemed to have been made by the Grantee upon his or her acquisition of the Profit Interest Units are no longer accurate at any time, the Grantee shall promptly notify the Partnership. 
 
 8. Tax Matters Section 83(b) Election. The Intermediary hereby agrees to make an election to include in gross income in the year of transfer the Profit Interest Unit Award hereunder pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code and to supply the necessary information in accordance with the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 9. Restrictions and Conditions . Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the LP Agreement and this Certificate, except as may otherwise be permitted by the Administrator, the Intermediary shall not be permitted voluntarily or involuntarily to sell, assign, transfer, or otherwise encumber or dispose of the Profit Interest Units or this award. 
 10. Withholding of Tax . The Partnership (and COPT) shall be entitled to withhold from any payments or deemed payments any amount of tax withholding it determines to be required by law. The Intermediary shall, not later than the date as of which vesting or payment in respect of this award becomes a taxable event for Federal income tax purposes, pay to the Partnership (or COPT) or make arrangements satisfactory to the Partnership (or COPT) for payment of any Federal, state and local taxes required by law to be withheld on account of such taxable event. 
 
 11. Employment Relationship . For purposes of this Certificate, the Grantee shall be considered to be in the employment of the Company as long as the Grantee remains an employee of either the Company, any successor entity or a subsidiary of the Company or any successor. Any question as to whether and when there has been a termination of such employment, and the cause of such termination, shall be determined by the Administrator, or its delegate, as appropriate, and its determination shall be final. 
 
 12. Administrator s Powers . No provision contained in this Certificate shall in any way terminate, modify or alter, or be construed or interpreted as terminating, modifying or altering any of the powers, rights or authority vested in the Administrator or, to the extent delegated, in its delegate pursuant to the terms of the Plan or resolutions adopted in furtherance of the Plan, including, without limitation, the right to make certain determinations and elections with respect to the Profit Interest Units. 
 
 13. Binding Effect . This terms and conditions set forth in this Certificate shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successors to the Company, the Intermediary and all persons lawfully claiming under the Grantee. 
 
 14. Governing Law . This Certificate and the Award shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Maryland. 
 
 15. No Obligation to Continue Employment. Neither the Company, the Partnership nor any Company subsidiary is obligated by or as a result of the Plan or this Certificate to continue the Grantee in employment and neither the Plan nor this Certificate shall interfere in any way with the right of the Company, the Partnership or any Company subsidiary to terminate the employment of the Grantee at any time. 
 8 

16. Notices . Notices hereunder shall be mailed or delivered (electronically or otherwise) to the Partnership and Intermediary at their respective principal places of business and shall be mailed or delivered to the Grantee at the address or email address on file with the Partnership or, in either case, at such other address or email address as one party may subsequently furnish to the other party in writing. 
 
 18. Employment Agreement Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan . Except as specifically provided otherwise in this Certificate, any provisions in the Employment Agreement or the Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan relating to accelerated vesting or that would otherwise modify the vesting provisions set forth herein in connection with a termination of employment, a Change in Control or in any other circumstance shall not apply to this Certificate or the Profit Interest Units granted hereunder, and the specific terms of this Certificate shall supersede such provisions. 
 
 19. Data Privacy Consent . In order to administer the Plan and the Award and to implement or structure future equity grants, the Partnership and its agents may process any and all personal or professional data, including but not limited to Social Security or other identification number, home address and telephone number, date of birth and other information that is necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan and or the Profit Interest Units granted hereunder. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 
 9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Partnership, the Intermediary and the Grantee have caused this Certificate to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized. 

CORPORATE OFFICE PROPERTIES, L.P. By Name On Behalf of COPT Name 
 Title Recipient Title 
 PROFIT INTEREST HOLDINGS LLC By CORPORATE OFFICE PROPERTIES HOLDINGS INC. 
 Its Managing Member 
 By Name On Behalf of COPT Name 
 Title Recipient Title 
 GRANTEE By Name Recipient Name 
 Title Recipient Title 
 Address 
 ADDRESS LINE 1 
 ADDRESS LINE 2 
 Signature Page to Performance-Based Profit Interest Unit Award Certificate 

Appendix I 
 
 Comparator Companies 

ARE 
 BXP 
 BDN 
 CMCT 
 CIO 
 CUZ 
 DEI 
 DEA 
 ESRT 
 EQC 
 FSP 
 Alexandria Real Estate 
 Boston Properties Inc. 
 Brandywine Realty Trust 
 Creative Media & Community Trust Corporation 
 City Office REIT Inc. 
 Cousins Properties Inc. 
 Douglas Emmett Inc. 
 Easterly Government Properties Inc. 
 Empire State Realty Trust Inc. 
 Equity Commonwealth 
 Franklin Street Properties 
 HIW 
 HPP 
 KRC 
 NYC 
 ONL 
 OPI 
 PGRE 
 PDM 
 SLG 
 VNO 
 Highwoods Properties Inc. 
 Hudson Pacific Properties Inc. 
 Kilroy Realty Corp. 
 New York City REIT 
 Orion Office REIT, Inc. 
 Office Properties Income Trust 
 Paramount Group Inc. 
 Piedmont Office Realty Trust 
 SL Green Realty Corp. 
 Vornado Realty Trust 

DC - 704892 000300 - 12869538 v5 

</EX-10.4(1)>

<EX-10.9>
 3
 cdp12312023ex109.htm
 EX-10.9

Document 
 Exhibit 10.9 

6711 Columbia Gateway Drive, Suite 300 Columbia, MD 21046 443.285.5400 copt.com NYSE CDP 

LETTER AGREEMENT 

December 1, 2023 
 
 Dear Britt 
 
 We are pleased to inform you that the Board of Trustees of COPT Defense Properties Trust (the Company has determined that, effective as of December 1, 2023 (the Participation Date ), you are eligible to participate in the COPT Defense Properties Trust, COPT Defense Properties L.P. Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan (the Plan as a Covered Executive, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, for a period of five years from the Participation Date (the Participation Period ), at which point you will cease to participate in the Plan unless otherwise agreed by you, the Company and the Employer. Capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Plan. 
 
 The terms of the Plan are detailed in the copy of the Plan that is attached as Exhibit A to this Letter Agreement, and those terms, including without limitation, Sections 6 and 7 of the Plan, are incorporated in and made a part of this Letter Agreement. As described in more detail in the Plan, the Plan entitles you to certain severance benefits in the event that your employment with the Employer terminates under certain circumstances. By signing this Letter Agreement and as a condition of your eligibility for the payments and benefits set forth in the Plan, you agree to comply with the provisions of the Plan and you agree to comply with the provisions of the confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation and non-disparagement requirements set forth on Exhibit B to this Letter Agreement (collectively the Restrictive Covenants during your employment and, to the extent required by the Restrictive Covenants, after your employment ends regardless of the reason for the ending of such employment (and regardless of whether such termination occurs during the Participation Period) provided that, unless otherwise agreed by you, the provisions of Section 2(a) of the Restrictive Covenants (i.e., the Non-Competition Covenant, as defined therein) will not apply following a termination of your employment in the event that such termination occurs after the end of the Participation Period. Your Termination Payment Multiple shall be 1.00 , your Change in Control Termination Payment Multiple shall be 2.99 , and your Maximum Medical Benefit Continuation Period shall be one year . 

Snider, Britt A. 
 December 1, 2023 
 5 Years 

By signing below, you agree to the terms and conditions of the Restrictive Covenants set forth on Exhibit B hereto, and acknowledge (i) your participation in the Plan pursuant to this Letter Agreement as of the Participation Date, (ii) that you have received and read a copy of the Plan, (iii) that you agree that any termination benefits provided for in the Plan are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and you agree to such terms and conditions, (iv) that the Company and the Employer may amend or terminate the Plan at any time, and (v) that the Restrictive Covenants shall survive and continue to apply notwithstanding (a) any amendment or termination of the Plan (or the benefits to be provided thereunder) in the future or (b) except as set forth above with respect to the Non-Competition Covenant, the expiration of the Participation Period. 
 
 Congratulations on being selected to participate in the Plan. 
 
 Employer COPT Defense Properties L.P., a Delaware limited partnership By COPT Defense Properties Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust By s Stephen E. Budorick 
 Name Stephen E. Budorick 
 Title President + Chief Executive Officer 
 Company By COPT Defense Properties Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust By s Stephen E. Budorick 
 Name Stephen E. Budorick 
 Title President + Chief Executive Officer 
 AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED By s Britt A. Snider 
 Britt A. Snider, Executive Vice President + Chief Operating Officer 

2 
 Snider, Britt A. 
 December 1, 2023 
 5 Years 

EXHIBIT A 
 TO THE LETTER AGREEMENT 
 
 See attached copy of the Plan 

3 
 Snider, Britt A. 
 December 1, 2023 
 5 Years 

EXHIBIT B 
 TO THE LETTER AGREEMENT 
 
 Restrictive Covenants 
 
 Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the COPT Defense Properties Trust, COPT Defense Properties L.P. Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan (the Plan and in the Letter Agreement under the Plan to which this Exhibit B is attached. In consideration of, among other things, the Covered Executive s participation in the Plan and continued employment by the Employer, the Covered Executive agrees to comply with the covenants, terms and conditions set forth below. The Covered Executive acknowledges that the covenants, terms and conditions set forth below will continue to apply notwithstanding any amendment or termination of the Plan (or the benefits to be provided thereunder) in the future. 
 1. Confidentiality and Loyalty . The Covered Executive acknowledges that heretofore or hereafter during the course of the Covered Executive s employment the Covered Executive has produced and received, and may hereafter produce, receive and otherwise have access to various materials, records, data, trade secrets and information not generally available to the public (collectively, Confidential Information regarding the Employer and its subsidiaries and affiliates. Accordingly, during and subsequent to termination of the Covered Executive s employment with the Employer, the Covered Executive shall hold in confidence and not directly or indirectly disclose, use, copy or make lists of any such Confidential Information, except to the extent that such information is or thereafter becomes lawfully available from public sources, or such disclosure is authorized in writing by the Employer, required by law or by any competent administrative agency or judicial authority, or otherwise as reasonably necessary or appropriate in connection with the performance by the Covered Executive of the Covered Executive s duties hereunder. All records, files, documents, computer diskettes, computer programs and other computer-generated material, as well as all other materials or copies thereof relating to the business of the Employer, which the Covered Executive shall prepare or use, shall be and remain the sole property of the Employer, shall not be removed from the Employer s premises without its written consent, and shall be promptly returned to the Employer upon termination of the Covered Executive s employment. The Covered Executive agrees to abide by the reasonable policies of the Employer, as in effect from time to time, respecting confidentiality and the avoidance of interests conflicting with those of the Employer. 
 2. Non-Competition Non-Solicitation Non-Disparagement . 
 (a) Non-Competition . The Employer and the Covered Executive have jointly reviewed the tenant lists, property submittals, logs, broker lists, and operations of the Employer, and have agreed that as an essential ingredient of and in consideration of the Covered Executive s participation in the Plan, the Covered Executive hereby agrees that, except with the express prior written consent of the Employer, while the Covered Executive is employed by the Employer and for a period of 12 months after the termination of the Covered Executive s employment with the Employer for any reason (the Restrictive Period ), the Covered Executive will not directly or indirectly compete with the business of 
 4 
 Snider, Britt A. 
 December 1, 2023 
 5 Years 

the Employer, including, but not by way of limitation, by directly or indirectly owning, managing, operating, controlling, financing, investing, or by directly or indirectly (including, but not limited to, through a joint venture) serving as an employee, officer, trustee or director of or consultant or other external advisor to a Similar Business (as defined below) (the Non-Competition Covenant ). For purposes of this paragraph (a), a business shall be considered to be a Similar Business as of a particular date if it is engaged in the ownership, development, operation, management or leasing of real estate in any geographic market or submarket in which the Employer either (i) owned, developed, operated or leased, collectively, more than 1,000,000 square feet of property of the same or similar type (e.g., office, data center, industrial, residential or self-storage) as of the earliest of such date, the date of termination of the Covered Executive s employment with the Employer or the date of a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan), or (ii) had commenced construction or agreed to acquire or manage more than 500,000 square feet of property of the same or similar type within the 12 months preceding the earliest of such date, the date of termination of the Covered Executive s employment with the Employer or the date of a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan). If the Covered Executive violates the Non-Competition Covenant and the Employer brings legal action for injunctive or other relief, the Employer shall not, as a result of the time involved in obtaining such relief, be deprived of the benefit of the full period of the Non-Competition Covenant. Accordingly, the Non-Competition Covenant shall be deemed to have the duration specified in this paragraph (a) computed from the date the relief is granted but reduced by the time between the period when the Restrictive Period began to run and the date of the first violation of the Non-Competition Covenant by the Covered Executive. The foregoing Non-Competition Covenant shall not prohibit a Covered Executive from owning, directly or indirectly, capital stock or similar securities which are listed on a securities exchange which do not represent more than five percent (5 of the outstanding capital stock of any corporation. 
 (b) Non-Solicitation . The Covered Executive agrees that, except with the express prior written consent of the Employer, while the Covered Executive is employed by the Employer and for a period of 12 months thereafter, the Covered Executive will not directly or indirectly solicit or induce, or attempt to solicit or induce, any employee or agent of Employer to terminate employment with Employer or become employed by any other person, firm, partnership, corporation, trust or other entity, or any customer, client, independent contractor, business relation, or any other person or entity to cease doing business with the Company. 
 (c) Non-Disparagement . While the Covered Executive is employed and for twelve (12) months following termination of a Covered Executive s employment for any reason, the Covered Executive shall not intentionally disclose or cause to be disclosed any negative, adverse or derogatory comments or information about (i) the Employer or its employees or the trustees of the Company (ii) the properties of or any product or service provided by the Employer or (iii) the Employer s prospects for the future. For twelve (12) months following termination of the Covered Executive s employment for any reason, the Employer shall not disclose or cause to be disclosed any negative, adverse or derogatory comments or information about the Covered Executive. Nothing in this Section shall prohibit either the Employer or a Covered Executive from testifying truthfully in any legal or administrative proceeding or making any other truthful disclosure required by applicable law. 
 5 
 Snider, Britt A. 
 December 1, 2023 
 5 Years 

(d) Remedies for Certain Breached . The Covered Executive acknowledges that the restrictions contained in Sections 1 and 2 of this Exhibit B are reasonable and necessary for the protection of the legitimate proprietary business interests of the Employer that any violation of these restrictions would cause substantial injury to the Employer and such interests that the Employer would not have caused the Covered Executive to participate under the Plan without receiving the additional consideration offered by the Covered Executive in binding himself to these restrictions and that such restrictions were a material inducement to the Employer to offer the benefits set forth in the Plan. In the event of any violation or threatened violation of these restrictions, the Employer shall be relieved of any further obligations under the Plan, shall be entitled to seek any rights, remedies or damages available at law, in equity or otherwise under the Plan, and shall be entitled to seek preliminary and temporary injunctive relief granted by a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent or restrain any such violation by the Covered Executive and any and all persons directly or indirectly acting for or with the Covered Executive, as the case may be, while awaiting the decision of the arbitrator selected in accordance with Section 6 of the Plan, which decision, if rendered adverse to the Covered Executive, may include permanent injunctive relief to be granted by the court. 
 (e) Definition of Employer . For purposes of Sections 1 and 2, the term Employer shall be deemed to include all of the Employer s subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 3. Arbitration of Disputes Enforcement and Governing Law . Sections 6 and 7 of the Plan are expressly incorporated by reference into this Exhibit B . 
 6 
 Snider, Britt A. 
 December 1, 2023 
 5 Years 

EXHIBIT II 
 
 RELEASE 
 
 This Release (the Release is entered into by ___________ (the Covered Executive pursuant to the COPT Defense Properties Trust, COPT Defense Properties L.P. Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan (the Plan ). This Release is the Release referenced in the Plan. Terms with initial capitalization that are not otherwise defined in this Release have the meanings set forth in the Plan. The consideration for the Covered Executive s agreement to this Release consists of the Termination Payment Change in Control Termination Payment 1 and other consideration set forth in Section 3 of the Plan. 
 1. In consideration of the Termination Payment Change in Control Termination Payment and other consideration set forth in Section 3 of the Plan, the Covered Executive hereby releases and forever discharges the Company and the Employer, the predecessors, successors, assigns and affiliates of each of the Company and the Employer, and current and former members, partners, trustees, officers, employees, representatives, attorneys, agents and all persons acting by, through, under or in concert with any of the foregoing (any and all of whom or which are referred to hereinafter as the Releasees from any claim, demand, right, action or cause of action, of whatever nature or kind, in law, equity, administrative proceedings, or otherwise, whether based upon any law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, common law, or otherwise, or any entitlement to attorneys fees, costs or expenses, and from any other matter under any other theory, whether known or unknown, suspected or claimed, liquidated or unliquidated, absolute or contingent (collectively, Claims ), which arose or occurred at any time prior to the date the Covered Executive signed this Release, including, but not limited to, any Claim relating in any way to the Covered Executive s employment, or the termination thereof, by the Employer, the Company and or any subsidiary of either, saving and excepting however, the Covered Executive s rights to any earned but unpaid base salary, unpaid expense reimbursements, accrued but unused vacation and any vested benefits the Covered Executive may have under any employee benefit plan of the Employer (the Accrued Benefit ), the Covered Executive s rights under Section 2(c) of Exhibit B to the Letter Agreement, any Claim that cannot be waived as a matter of law and, subject to this Release becoming effective, the Covered Executive s right to receive payment of the Termination Payment Change in Control Termination Payment and provision of the other consideration set forth in Section 3 of the Plan, nor shall this Release constitute a waiver of any vested rights under any 401(k), retirement or other ERISA-governed plan, or a waiver of any of vested stock options or restricted shares, if any. Without restricting the foregoing, this Release Agreement includes (1) any Claim brought under any federal, state, or local fair employment practices law, including, but not limited to the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA), Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Section 1981 of the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) as amended, the Equal Pay Act (EPA), the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act (GINA), and the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act (USERRA) (2) any Claim brought under any state or federal law regarding wages, benefits, or employment practices, including the Family and Medical Leave Act (3) any contract Claims (4) any intentional or unintentional tort Claims, including, but not limited to defamation, libel, slander, abusive or wrongful discharge, 
 
 1 . Include only the applicable payment. 
 Snider, Britt A. 
 December 1, 2023 
 5 Years 

fraud or misrepresentation and (5) any Claims alleging retaliation and or any whistleblower Claims, including Claims arising under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd Frank Act. 
 2. The Covered Executive promises and covenants not to commence any action or proceeding against any Releasee for any released Claim before any federal or state court or, except as expressly stated herein, administrative agency, civil rights commission or other forum. If the Covered Executive commences any action or proceeding in violation of this paragraph, the Employer and the Company shall be excused from making any further payments, continuing any other benefits, or providing other consideration otherwise owed under the Plan other than the Accrued Benefit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties recognize the authority of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission EEOC to enforce the statutes which come under its jurisdiction, and this Release is not intended to prevent the Covered Executive from filing a charge or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC. To the extent any proceeding is commenced against any of the Releasees by any person, entity or agency in any forum, the Covered Executive waives any Claim or right to money damages, attorneys fees, or other legal or equitable relief awarded by any jury, court or governmental agency related to any released Claim. Further notwithstanding the foregoing, this paragraph shall not apply to any proceeding initiated by the Covered Executive to the extent that the Covered Executive asserts that any Releasee has violated ADEA, including any challenge to the effectiveness of the release of Claims under ADEA. For the avoidance of doubt, this exception for the pursuit of ADEA Claims shall not be construed as an acknowledgment that the release of ADEA Claims is in any way ineffective, shall not be construed to affect the effectiveness of the Covered Executive s release of ADEA Claims and shall not affect the right of any Releasee to rely on the Covered Executive s release of ADEA Claims as a defense to any claim under ADEA. This exception is solely for the purpose of conforming this paragraph to the limitations set forth in 29 C.F.R. Sec. 1625.23. 
 3. Ongoing Obligations of the Covered Executive . The Covered Executive reaffirms the Covered Executive s ongoing obligations under the Plan and the Letter Agreement, including without limitation the Covered Executive s obligations under Exhibit B to the Letter Agreement. 
 4. No Assignment . The Covered Executive represents that the Covered Executive has not assigned to any other person or entity any Claims against any Releasee. 
 5. Right to Consider and Revoke Release . The Covered Executive acknowledges that this Release is deemed to be delivered to the Covered Executive on the Covered Executive s Date of Termination provided that the Covered Executive s employment is terminated in connection with a Terminating Event. The Covered Executive acknowledges that the Covered Executive has been given the opportunity to consider this Release for a period ending forty-five (45) days after the Date of Termination. In the event the Covered Executive executed this Release within less than forty-five (45) days after the delivery of this Release to the Covered Executive, the Covered Executive acknowledges that such decision was entirely voluntary and that the Covered Executive had the opportunity to consider this Release until the end of the forty-five (45) day period. To accept this Release, the Covered Executive shall deliver a signed Release to the Senior Vice President, Human Resources of the Company (the SVP-HR within such forty-five (45) day period. For a period of seven (7) days from the date when the Covered Executive executes this Release (the Revocation Period ), the Covered Executive shall retain the right to revoke this Release by written notice that is received by the 
 2 
 Snider, Britt A. 
 December 1, 2023 
 5 Years 

SVP-HR on or before the last day of the Revocation Period. This Release shall take effect only if it is executed and delivered within the forty-five (45) day period as set forth above and if it is not revoked pursuant to the preceding sentence. If those conditions are satisfied, this Release shall become effective and enforceable on the date immediately following the last day of the Revocation Period (the Effective Date ). The signed Release and any revocation may be delivered to the SVP-HR by hand or by a PDF copy attached to an email to the SVP-HR. If the Release is sent by email of a PDF copy, the Covered Executive shall separately send an original of the signed Release to the SVP-HR by first class mail or otherwise promptly after sending such email. 
 6. Other Terms . 
 (a) Legal Representation Review of Release . The Covered Executive acknowledges that the Covered Executive has been advised to discuss all aspects of this Release with the Covered Executive s attorney, that the Covered Executive has carefully read and fully understands all of the provisions of this Release and that the Covered Executive is voluntarily entering into this Release. 
 (b) Binding Nature of Release . This Release shall be binding upon the Covered Executive and upon the Covered Executive s heirs, administrators, representatives and executors. 
 (c) Amendment . This Release may be amended only upon a written agreement executed by the Covered Executive, the Company and the Employer. 
 (d) Governing Law and Interpretation . This Release shall be deemed to be made and entered into in the State of Maryland, and shall in all respects be interpreted, enforced and governed under the laws of the State of Maryland, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions of Maryland law. The language of all parts of this Release shall in all cases be construed as a whole, according to its fair meaning, and not strictly for or against the Company, the Employer or the Covered Executive. 
 (e) Absence of Reliance . The Covered Executive acknowledges that the Covered Executive is not relying on any promises or representations by the Company or the Employer or any of their respective agents, representatives or attorneys regarding any subject matter addressed in this Release. 
 So agreed. 
 
 ______________________________________ _____________________________ 
 Covered Executive Date 
 3 
 Snider, Britt A. 
 December 1, 2023 
 5 Years 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 cdp12312023ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 COPT DEFENSE PROPERTIES SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT Alabama COPT Bridge Street Office, LLC Delaware 2100 L Holdings, LLC 2100 L Subsidiary LLC Advanced Gateway 7500, LLC Advanced Gateway 7600, LLC Advanced Gateway 8600, LLC Airport Square Holdings I, LLC Airport Square Holdings VI and VII, LLC COPT Acquisitions, Inc. COPT BK Holdco, LLC COPT BK Holdco II, LLC COPT BK Holdco III, LLC COPT BK Holdco IV, LLC COPT BK Holdco V, LLC COPT DC AZ, LLC COPT Maritime I & II, LLC COPT Stevens Place, LLC Corporate Office Properties Holdings, Inc. COPT Defense Properties, L.P. Delaware Airport IX, LLC Delaware Airport VIII, LLC Great Mills IV, L.L.C. Great Mills V, L.L.C. LW Redstone Company, LLC Profit Interest Holding LLC Redstone Gateway 100, LLC Redstone Gateway 1000, LLC Redstone Gateway 1100, LLC Redstone Gateway 1200, LLC Redstone Gateway 1700, LLC Redstone Gateway 2100, LLC Redstone Gateway 2400, LLC Redstone Gateway 300, LLC Redstone Gateway 4000, LLC Redstone Gateway 4100, LLC Redstone Gateway 5300, LLC Redstone Gateway 6000, LLC Redstone Gateway 6200, LLC Redstone Gateway 6500, LLC Redstone Gateway 7000, LLC Redstone Gateway 7100, LLC Redstone Gateway 7200, LLC Redstone Gateway 8000, LLC Redstone Gateway 8100, LLC Redstone Gateway 8200, LLC Redstone Gateway 8300, LLC Redstone Gateway 8500, LLC Redstone Gateway 8800, LLC 

Stevens Investors, LLC Stevens School Holdings, LLC Maryland 100 Charm City, LLC 1460 Dorsey Road, LLC 1550 Nursery, LLC 250 Charm City, LLC 30 Charm City, LLC 45310 Abell House, LLC 6711 Gateway, LLC 6721 Gateway, LLC 6731 Gateway, LLC 6741 Gateway, LLC 7000 Honeys, LLC 7005 Columbia Gateway, LLC 7015 Albert Einstein Drive, L.L.C. 7200 Riverwood, LLC 7205 Riverwood, LLC 7318 Parkway Drive Enterprises, LLC 7760 Milestone Parkway, LLC 7780 Milestone Parkway, LLC 7874 Milestone Parkway, LLC 7876 Milestone Parkway, LLC 7878 Milestone Parkway, LLC 7880 Milestone Parkway, LLC Airport Square IV, LLC Airport Square Storms, LLC Airport Square V, LLC Airport Square XI, LLC Airport Square XIII, LLC Airport Square XXII, LLC AP#5 Lot A, LLC AP#5 Lot B, LLC AP#5 Lot C, LLC Arundel Preserve #5, LLC Clarks Hundred II, LLC Clarks Hundred, LLC Colgatedrive Associates, LLC Columbia Equity Finance, LLC Columbia Gateway S-28, L.L.C. COMI Investments, LLC Commons Office 6-B, LLC Commons Office Research, LLC COPT Aberdeen, LLC COPT Baltimore County I, LLC COPT Baltimore County II, LLC COPT Brock Bridge, LLC COPT CC 1600, LLC COPT CC Bulkhead, LLC COPT CC D1, LLC COPT CC Holding, LLC COPT CC Parking, LLC COPT CC Tower, LLC COPT CCW I, LLC 

COPT CCW II, LLC COPT CCW III, LLC COPT Development & Construction Services, LLC COPT Frederick, LLC COPT Gate 63, LLC COPT Gate 6700-6708-6724, LLC COPT Harbour's Edge, LLC COPT Huntsville, LLC COPT Northgate A, LLC COPT Northgate B, LLC COPT Northgate C, LLC COPT Northgate D, LLC COPT Northgate H, LLC COPT Northgate I, LLC COPT Powerhouse, LLC COPT Property Management Services, LLC COPT Riverwood, LLC COPT T-11, LLC COPT Virtru, LLC Corporate Gatespring II, LLC Corporate Gatespring, LLC Corporate Office Management, Inc. Enterprise Campus Developer, LLC Fifth Exploration, L.L.C. Fourth Exploration, L.L.C. Gateway 44, LLC Gateway 67, LLC Gateway 70, LLC Gateway Crossing 95, LLC Honeyland 108, LLC Huntsville Holdings, LLC Jolly COPT I, LLC M Square 4600, LLC M Square 5801, LLC M Square 5825, LLC M Square 5850, LLC M Square Associates, LLC M Square Park, LLC Maritime Holdings, LLC NBP 131, LLC NBP 132, LLC NBP 133, LLC NBP 134, LLC NBP 135, LLC NBP 140, LLC NBP 141, LLC NBP 191, LLC NBP 201, LLC NBP 211, LLC NBP 220, LLC NBP 221, LLC NBP 300 Restaurant, LLC NBP 300, LLC NBP 302, LLC NBP 304, LLC 

NBP 306, LLC NBP 308, LLC NBP 310, LLC NBP 312, LLC NBP 314, LLC NBP 316, LLC NBP 318, LLC NBP 320, LLC NBP 322, LLC NBP 324, LLC NBP 400, LLC NBP 406, LLC NBP 410, LLC NBP 420, LLC NBP 430, LLC NBP 520, LLC NBP 540, LLC NBP 550, LLC NBP 560, LLC NBP Huff & Puff, LLC NBP Lot 3-A, LLC NBP One, LLC NBP Retail, LLC One Sellner Road, LLC Park Circle Equities, LLC Pecan Court L.L.C. Red Cedar Building, LLC RG 2100 Restaurant, LLC Riverwood Business Center Equity Affiliates, LLC Third Exploration L.L.C. Texas C Texas SG, LLC COPT 8000 Potranco, L.P. COPT 8030 Potranco, L.P. COPT 8100 Potranco, L.P. COPT SA Technology Center, L.P. COPT San Antonio , L.P. COPT San Antonio General, LLC COPT San Antonio II, L.P. COPT Westpointe 3A, L.P. COPT Westpointe 4, L.P. Virginia Cabin Branch Creek, LLC COPT Dahlgren I, LLC COPT Dahlgren II, LLC COPT Dahlgren IV, LLC COPT Dahlgren Land, LLC COPT Dahlgren, LLC COPT Greens I, LLC COPT Greens II, LLC COPT Greens III, LLC COPT McLearen, LLC COPT Metro Place II, LLC 

COPT Park Meadow, LLC COPT Ridgeview I, LLC COPT Ridgeview II & III, LLC COPT Stonecroft, LLC COPT Sunrise, LLC Maries Tech Park II, LLC Parkstone Tech Park, LLC Patriot Ridge 7770, LLC Patriot Ridge Commons, LLC Patriot Ridge I, LLC Patriot Ridge II, LLC South Point Phase II, LLC TRC Pinnacle Towers, L.L.C. Waterside I, LLC 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22.1>
 5
 cdp12312023ex221.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 22.1 
 
 List of Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, COPT Defense Properties was the guarantor of the outstanding guaranteed debt securities of its subsidiaries, as listed below 
 
 Debt Instrument Issuer 2.250 Senior Notes due 2026 COPT Defense Properties, L.P. 2.000 Senior Notes due 2029 COPT Defense Properties, L.P. 2.750 Senior Notes due 2031 COPT Defense Properties, L.P. 2.900 Senior Notes due 2033 COPT Defense Properties, L.P. 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 cdp12312023ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-264198) and Form S-8 (No. 333-151105, No. 333-166989 and No. 333-218035) of COPT Defense Properties of our report dated February 22, 2024 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 Baltimore, Maryland 
 February 22, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 cdp12312023ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 COPT DEFENSE PROPERTIES 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS REQUIRED BY 
 RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Stephen E. Budorick, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of COPT Defense Properties 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2024 s Stephen E. Budorick Stephen E. Budorick President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 cdp12312023ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 COPT DEFENSE PROPERTIES 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS REQUIRED BY 
 RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Anthony Mifsud, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of COPT Defense Properties 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2024 s Anthony Mifsud Anthony Mifsud Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 cdp12312023ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 COPT DEFENSE PROPERTIES 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS REQUIRED BY 
 
 RULE 13a-14(b) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of COPT Defense Properties (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stephen E. Budorick, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

s Stephen E. Budorick Stephen E. Budorick President and Chief Executive Officer Date February 22, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 cdp12312023ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 COPT DEFENSE PROPERTIES 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS REQUIRED BY 
 
 RULE 13a-14(b) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of COPT Defense Properties (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Anthony Mifsud, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

s Anthony Mifsud Anthony Mifsud Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date February 22, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 11
 cdp12312023ex971.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 

Exhibit 97.1 

INCENTIVE-BASED COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY 
 
 Overview 
 
 The Board of Trustees (the Board of COPT Defense Properties (the Company has adopted this Incentive-Based Compensation Recovery Policy (the Policy to comply with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Rule 10D-1 promulgated thereunder Rule 10D-1 and Paragraph 303A.14 of the Listing Standards Manual (the Listing Standards of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ), which require the recovery of certain Incentive-Based Compensation (defined below) in the case of a Restatement (defined below). 
 
 This Policy amends and supersedes in its entirety the Company s Recoupment Policy governing the Company s ability to recoup incentive awards, as adopted by the Board on December 13, 2012, and shall be effective while the Company is listed on the NYSE. 
 
 Administration 
 
 The Board shall have express discretionary authority to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations with respect to this Policy. Such interpretation and construction will be in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and Rule 10D-1 (or any successor statute or rule) and any other applicable rules or listing standards adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or the NYSE. All interpretations, constructions and determinations made by the Board under this Policy shall be final and binding on all parties. This Policy may only be amended, revised, or modified with the approval of the Board and may be amended from time to time as necessary to reflect changes in applicable regulations and or listing standards adopted by the SEC or the NYSE. Compliance with this Policy cannot be waived. 
 
 This Policy shall not limit the rights of the Company to take any other actions or pursue other remedies that the Board may deem necessary or appropriate under the circumstances and or under applicable law, including Section 304 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. Subsequent changes in employment status, including retirement or termination of employment, shall not affect the Company s ability to recover any compensation pursuant to this Policy, subject to the requirements of applicable law, including any applicable statutes of limitation. 
 
 Definitions 
 
 The following terms or words used in this Policy and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set for the below 
 
 Incentive-Based Compensation. For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-Based Compensation is any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. 
 
 1 

For the avoidance of doubt, Incentive-Based Compensation does not include (i) base salary (ii) sign-on bonuses or other compensation granted solely due to the commencement of employment with the Company (iii) compensation based on completion of a specific period of employment or service or (iv) compensation awarded based on subjective, non-financial, strategic or operational measures that are not Financial Reporting Measures. 
 
 Financial Reporting Measure. A financial reporting measure is a measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures. For purposes of this Policy, the term Financial Reporting Measure includes the Company s stock price and total shareholder return, whether expressed as an absolute or relative metric. A Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented in the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the SEC. 
 
 Section 16 officer . Rule 10D-1(b)(1)(i) requires the Policy to cover persons who serve or served as an executive officer of the Company at any time during the performance period for the Incentive-Based Compensation. In accordance with the definition provided by Rule 10D-1 and the Listing Standards, this Policy applies to a current or former officer of the Company as defined under Section 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act Section 16 officer ). 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Incentive-Based Compensation shall not be recovered under this Policy to the extent received by any person (i) before the date the person was determined by the Board to be a Section 16 officer of the Company or (ii) who was not, at any time during the performance period for the Incentive-Based Compensation, a Section 16 officer of the Company. 
 
 Received. For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-Based Compensation is deemed to be received in the fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive-Based Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant may not occur until after the end of that fiscal period. Incentive-Based Compensation in the form of an equity award that vests solely upon the basis of a Financial Reporting Measure performance condition will be deemed to be received in the fiscal period in which it vests. 
 
 Recovery Period. For purposes of this Policy, the applicable recovery period shall be the three completed fiscal years of the Company immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare a Restatement, which date is the earlier of (i) the date the Board, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare a Restatement or (ii) a date that a court, regulator or other legally-authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Restatement. Such three-year period may be further increased by a transition period of less than nine months resulting from a change in the Company s fiscal year within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years. 
 
 Restatement. An accounting restatement of the Company s financial statements (i.e., statement of financial position (balance sheet), comprehensive income, cash flows, stockholders equity, and related schedules and accompanying footnotes) due to material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the federal securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements (i) that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or (ii) that would 
 2 

result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period only or left uncorrected in the current period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in general the following retrospective events will not, in and of themselves, be deemed a Restatement for purposes of this policy (a) Application of a change in accounting principle (b) Revision to reportable segment information due to a change in the structure of an issuer s internal organization (c) Reclassification due to a discontinued operation (d) Application of a change in reporting entity, such as from a reorganization of entities under common control and (e) Revision for stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends or other changes in capital structure. Likewise, out-of-period adjustments recorded in current-year financial statements which are immaterial or reclassifications to previously issued financial statements and are immaterial to the current period do not constitute a Restatement as set forth in this policy. 
 
 Recovery 
 
 To the extent permitted or required by applicable law, the Board shall seek to recover any erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation from each of the Section 16 officer(s) based on the occurrence of a Recovery Event (as defined below). The Recovery Event shall apply to all of the Section 16 officer(s), even if the Section 16 officer(s) were not directly involved in the particular Recovery Event. For purposes of this Policy, a Recovery Event shall mean, that in the event the Company is required to prepare a Restatement, the Company shall, as promptly as reasonably possible, recover any erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation Received by a Section 16 officer during the Recovery Period. The amount of erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation will be the excess of the Incentive-Based Compensation Received by the Section 16 officer (whether in cash or shares) based on the erroneous data in the original financial statements over the Incentive-Based Compensation (whether in cash or in shares) that would have been Received by the Section 16 officer had it been based on the restated results, without respect to any tax liabilities incurred or paid by the Section 16 officer. 
 
 For incentive-based compensation based on total shareholder return or Company stock price, where the amount of erroneously awarded compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in a Restatement, the amount shall be based on the Company s reasonable estimate of the effect of the Restatement on the applicable measure and the Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide it to the NYSE. 
 
 Method of Recovery 
 
 The Board shall determine, in its sole discretion, the method of recovering any Incentive-Based Compensation pursuant to this Policy. The Company is authorized and directed to recover any erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation in compliance with this Policy unless the Compensation Committee of the Board determines that recovery would be impracticable solely for the following limited reasons, and subject to the following procedural and disclosure requirements (i) the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered, which determination must be made only after a reasonable and documented attempt by the Company to recover the erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation (with documentation of such reasonable attempt to recover to be provided to NYSE) or (ii) recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement 
 3 

plan, under which benefits are broadly available to Company employees, to fail to meet the requirements of Section 401(a)(13) or Section 411(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 The Company shall not indemnify any current or former Section 16 officer against the loss of erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation, and shall not pay, or reimburse any Section 16 officer for, premiums incurred or paid for any insurance policy to fund such Section 16 officer s potential recovery obligations. 
 
 Following any recovery by the Company of any erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation pursuant to this Policy, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to provide to each Section 16 officer from whom erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation is recovered a revised or amended tax reporting information (e.g., Form W-2s) reflecting such recovery. 
 
 Reporting, Disclosure and Monitoring 
 
 The Company shall make all required disclosures and filings with the SEC with respect to this Policy in accordance with the requirements of the federal securities laws. 

Adopted by the Board of Trustees on November 9, 2023. 
 
 4 

INCENTIVE-BASED COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY 
 
 POLICY ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
 
 I, the undersigned, agree and acknowledge that I am fully bound by, and subject to, all of the terms and conditions of the Incentive-Based Compensation Recovery Policy (the Policy of COPT Defense Properties (the Company ). I further acknowledge that any right of recovery under the Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any employment agreement, equity award agreement, equity incentive plan, cash incentive plan or similar agreement, plan, or policy and any other legal remedies available to the Company. In the event it is determined by the Board of Trustees, the Compensation Committee or their designee(s) that any amounts granted, awarded, earned, or paid to me must be forfeited or reimbursed to the Company, I will promptly take any action necessary to effectuate such forfeiture and or reimbursement. 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Date 

5 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 ofc-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 ofc-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 ofc-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 ofc-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 ofc-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

