<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240223_10-K_edgar_data_1353615_0000950170-24-019055.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3855324</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>123148</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1974071</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>852684</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>364685</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>485870</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-24-019055.hdr.sgml : 20240223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240222211339
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-24-019055
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001353615
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32907
		FILM NUMBER:		24667034

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O INVESCO SPECIALIZED PRODUCTS
		STREET 2:		3500 LACEY ROAD, SUITE 700
		CITY:			DOWNERS GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60515
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-983-0903

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O INVESCO SPECIALIZED PRODUCTS
		STREET 2:		3500 LACEY ROAD, SUITE 700
		CITY:			DOWNERS GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60515

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CURRENCYSHARES SWISS FRANC TRUST
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130124

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CURRENCYSHARES AUSTRALIAN DOLLAR TRUST
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130122

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CURRENCYSHARES SWISS FRANC TRUST
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060216

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-24-019055.txt : 20240223

10-K
 1
 fxf-20231231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 
 or 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15( d OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 
 Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust 
 Sponsored by Invesco Specialized Products, LLC 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 State the market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: 
 Number of Redeemable Capital Shares outstanding as of January 31, 2024 : 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 
 
 1 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS. 
 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS. 
 
 3 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 
 9 

ITEM 1C. 
 CYBERSECURITY 
 
 9 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES. 
 
 10 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 
 10 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 
 10 

PART II 
 
 11 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 
 11 

ITEM 6. 
 RESERVED 
 
 11 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 
 12 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 
 15 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 
 16 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES. 
 
 29 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 
 29 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION. 
 
 29 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 29 

PART III 
 
 30 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 
 30 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 
 31 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 
 32 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 
 32 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 
 32 

PART IV 
 
 33 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 
 33 

i 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as anticipate, expect, intend, plan, believe, seek, outlook and estimate and other similar words. Forward-looking statements are based upon our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Various factors may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. These factors include fluctuations in the price of the Swiss Franc, as the value of the Shares relates directly to the value of the Swiss Francs held by the Trust and price fluctuations could materially adversely affect an investment in the Shares. Readers are urged to review the Risk Factors section in this report for a description of other risks and uncertainties that may affect an investment in the Shares. 
 ii 

PART I 
 ITE M 1. BU SINESS. 
 Overview 
 The Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust (the Trust is a grantor trust that was formed on June 8, 2006. The Shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol FXF on June 26, 2006. The primary listing of the Shares was transferred to NYSE Arca, Inc. NYSE Arca on October 30, 2007. The Trust issues shares (the Shares in blocks of 50,000 (a Basket in exchange for deposits of Swiss Francs and distributes Swiss Francs in connection with the redemption of Baskets. 
 The investment objective of the Trust is for the Shares to reflect the price in USD of Swiss Francs plus accrued interest, if any, less the expenses of the Trust s operations. The Shares are intended to offer investors an opportunity to participate in the market for the Swiss Franc through an investment in securities. The Shares are intended to provide institutional and retail investors with a simple, cost-effective means of gaining investment benefits similar to those of holding the Swiss Franc. The Shares are bought and sold on NYSE Arca like any other exchange-listed security. The Shares are backed by the assets of the Trust, which does not hold or use derivative products. The Trust is a passive investment vehicle and does not have any officers, directors or employees. The Trust does not engage in any activities designed to obtain profit from, or ameliorate losses caused by, changes in the price of the Swiss Franc. Investing in the Shares does not insulate the investor from certain risks, including price volatility. The value of the holdings of the Trust is reported on the Trust s website, www.invesco.com/etfs, each business day. 
 The Trust 
 General 
 The Trust holds Swiss Francs and, from time to time, issues Baskets in exchange for deposits of Swiss Francs and distributes Swiss Francs in connection with redemptions of Baskets. The Swiss Francs held by the Trust will be sold only (1) if needed to pay Trust expenses, (2) in the event the Trust terminates and liquidates its assets or (3) as otherwise required by law or regulation. 
 The Sponsor 
 The Sponsor of the Trust generally oversees the performance of the Trustee and the Trust s principal service providers. The Sponsor is Invesco Specialized Products, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. The Sponsor changed its name from Rydex Specialized Products LLC to Guggenheim Specialized Products, LLC on March 30, 2012, and subsequently changed its name to Invesco Specialized Products, LLC as of April 6, 2018. 
 The Trust s only ordinary recurring expense is the Sponsor s fee. The Sponsor is responsible for payment of the following administrative and marketing expenses of the Trust: the Trustee s monthly fee, typical maintenance and transaction fees of the Depository, NYSE Arca listing fees, printing and mailing costs, audit fees and expenses, up to 100,000 per year in legal fees and expenses, and applicable license fees. The Sponsor also paid the costs of the Trust s organization, including the applicable Securities and Exchange Commission SEC registration fees. The Sponsor s fee accrues daily at an annual nominal rate of 0.40 of the Swiss Francs in the Trust (including all unpaid interest but excluding unpaid fees, each as accrued through the immediately preceding day). The Trust incurred 771,974 for the year ended December 31, 2023 in Sponsor s fees. 
 The Trustee 
 The Bank of New York Mellon, a banking corporation with trust powers organized under the laws of the State of New York, serves as the Trustee. The Trustee is responsible for the day-to-day administration of the Trust, including keeping the Trust s operational records. 
 Net Asset Value 
 The Trustee calculates, and the Sponsor publishes, the Trust s Net Asset Value NAV each business day. To calculate the NAV, the Trustee adds to the amount of Swiss Francs in the Trust at the end of the preceding day accrued but unpaid interest, if any, Swiss Francs receivable under pending purchase orders and the value of other Trust assets, and subtracts the accrued but unpaid Sponsor s fee, Swiss Francs payable under pending redemption orders and other Trust expenses and liabilities, if any. The NAV is expressed in U.S. Dollars USD based on the Swiss Franc/USD exchange rate as determined by The WM Company at 4:00 PM (London time / London fixing) (the Closing Spot Rate on each day that NYSE Arca is open for regular trading. If, on a particular evaluation day, the Closing Spot Rate has not been determined and announced by 6:00 PM (London time), then the most recent Closing Spot Rate is used to determine the NAV of the Trust unless the Trustee, in consultation with the Sponsor, determines that such price is inappropriate to use as the basis for the valuation. 
 1 

The Trustee also determines the NAV per Share, which equals the NAV of the Trust divided by the number of outstanding Shares. The NAV of the Trust and the NAV per Share are published by the Sponsor on each day that NYSE Arca is open for regular trading and are posted on the Trust s website, www.invesco.com/etfs. 
 Depository and Deposit Accounts 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch, is the Depository. The Depository maintains two deposit accounts for the Trust, a primary deposit account that may earn interest and a secondary deposit account that does not earn interest (collectively, the Deposit Accounts ). Interest on the primary deposit account, if any, accrues daily and is paid monthly. If the Sponsor believes that the interest rate paid by the Depository is not competitive, the Sponsor s recourse is to remove the Depository by terminating the Deposit Account Agreement and closing the Deposit Accounts. The Depository is not paid a fee for its services to the Trust. The Depository may earn a spread or margin over the rate of interest it pays to the Trust on the Swiss Franc deposit balances. 
 The secondary deposit account is used to account for any interest that may be received and paid on creations and redemptions of Baskets. The secondary deposit account is also used to account for interest earned on the primary deposit account, if any, pay Trust expenses and distribute any excess interest to Shareholders on a monthly basis. In the event that the interest deposited exceeds the sum of the Sponsor s fee for the prior month plus other Trust expenses, if any, then the Trustee will direct that the excess be converted into USD at the prevailing market rate and the Trustee will distribute the USD as promptly as practicable to Shareholders on a pro-rata basis (in accordance with the number of Shares that they own). 
 Trust Expenses 
 In certain cases, the Trust may pay expenses in addition to the Sponsor s fee. These exceptions include expenses not assumed by the Sponsor, expenses resulting from a negative interest rate, taxes and governmental charges, expenses and costs of any extraordinary services performed by the Trustee or the Sponsor on behalf of the Trust or action taken by the Trustee or the Sponsor to protect the Trust or the interests of Shareholders, indemnification of the Sponsor under the Depositary Trust Agreement, and legal expenses in excess of 100,000 per year. 
 Termination 
 The Trust will terminate upon the occurrence of any of the termination events listed in the Depositary Trust Agreement and will otherwise terminate on June 8, 2046. 
 The Shares 
 General 
 Each Share represents a proportional interest, based on the total number of Shares outstanding, in the Swiss Francs owned by the Trust, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, less accrued but unpaid expenses (both asset-based and non-asset based) of the Trust. All Shares are of the same class with equal rights and privileges. Each Share is transferable, is fully paid and non-assessable and entitles the holder to vote on the limited matters upon which Shareholders may vote under the Depositary Trust Agreement. 
 Limited Rights 
 The Shares are not a traditional investment. They are dissimilar from the shares of a corporation operating a business enterprise, with management and a board of directors. Trust Shareholders do not have rights normally associated with owning shares of a business corporation, including, for example, the right to bring oppression or derivative actions. Shareholders have only those rights explicitly set forth in the Depositary Trust Agreement. The Shares do not entitle their holders to any conversion or pre-emptive rights or, except as described herein, any redemption or distribution rights. 
 Voting and Approvals 
 Shareholders have no voting rights under the Depositary Trust Agreement, except in limited circumstances. If the holders of at least 25 of the Shares outstanding determine that the Trustee is in material breach of its obligations under the Depositary Trust Agreement, they may provide written notice to the Trustee (or require the Sponsor to do so) specifying the default and requiring the Trustee to cure such default. If the Trustee fails to cure such breach within 30 days after receipt of such notice, the Sponsor, acting on behalf of the Shareholders, may remove the Trustee. The holders of at least 66 2/3 of the Shares outstanding may vote to remove the Trustee. The Trustee must terminate the Trust at the request of the holders of at least 75 of the outstanding Shares. 
 
 2 

Creation and Redemption of Shares 
 The creation and redemption of Baskets requires the delivery to the Trust or the distribution by the Trust of the amount of Swiss Francs represented by the Baskets being created or redeemed. This amount is based on the combined NAV per Share of the number of Shares included in the Baskets being created or redeemed, determined on the day the order to create or redeem Baskets is accepted by the Trustee. 
 Only Authorized Participants may place orders to create and redeem Baskets. An Authorized Participant is a Depository Trust Company DTC participant that is a registered broker-dealer or other securities market participant, such as a bank or other financial institution that is not required to register as a broker-dealer to engage in securities transactions. 
 Before initiating a creation or redemption order, an Authorized Participant must have entered into a Participant Agreement with the Sponsor and the Trustee. The Participant Agreement provides the procedures for the creation and redemption of Baskets and for the delivery of Swiss Francs required for creations and redemptions. The Participant Agreements may be amended by the Trustee and the Sponsor. Authorized Participants pay a transaction fee of 500 to the Trustee for each order that they place to create or redeem one or more Baskets. In addition to the 500 transaction fee paid to the Trustee, Authorized Participants pay a variable fee to the Sponsor for creation orders and redemption orders of two or more Baskets to compensate the Sponsor for costs associated with the registration of Shares. The variable fee paid to the Sponsor by an Authorized Participant will not exceed 2,000 for each creation or redemption order, as set forth in the Participant Agreement. Authorized Participants who make deposits with the Trust in exchange for Baskets receive no fees, commissions or other form of compensation or inducement of any kind from either the Sponsor or the Trust. No Authorized Participant has any obligation or responsibility to the Sponsor or the Trust to effect any sale or resale of Shares. 
 Availability of SEC Reports and Other Information 
 The Sponsor, on behalf of the Trust, files quarterly and annual reports and other information with the SEC which are available on the SEC s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov. The reports and other information can be accessed through the Trust s website at www.invesco.com/etfs. 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 You should consider carefully the risks described below before making an investment decision. You should also refer to the other information included in this report, including the Trust s financial statements and the related notes . 
 ECONOMIC CONDITIONS 
 The value of the Shares relates directly to the value of the Swiss Francs held by the Trust. Fluctuations in the price of the Swiss Franc could materially and adversely affect the value of the Shares. 
 The Shares are designed to reflect the price of the Swiss Franc, plus accumulated interest, if any, less the Trust s expenses. Several factors may affect the price of the Swiss Franc, including: 
 Sovereign debt levels and trade deficits; 

Domestic and foreign inflation rates and interest rates and investors expectations concerning those rates; 

Currency exchange rates; 

Investment and trading activities of mutual funds, hedge funds and currency funds; and 

Global, regional or national political, economic or financial events and situations. 

In addition, the Swiss Franc may not maintain its long-term value in terms of purchasing power in the future. When the price of the Swiss Franc declines, the Sponsor expects the price of a Share to decline as well. 
 The Swiss Franc/USD exchange rate, like foreign exchange rates in general, can be volatile and difficult to predict. This volatility could materially and adversely affect the performance of the Shares. 
 Foreign exchange rates are influenced by the factors identified in the preceding risk factor and may also be influenced by: changing supply and demand for a particular currency; monetary policies of governments (including exchange control programs, restrictions on local exchanges or markets and limitations on foreign investment in a country or on investment by residents of a country in other countries); changes in balances of payments and trade; trade restrictions; and currency devaluations and revaluations. Also, governments from time to time intervene in the currency markets, directly and by regulation, in order to influence prices directly. These events and actions are unpredictable. The resulting volatility in the Swiss Franc/USD exchange rate could materially and adversely affect the performance of the Shares. 
 3 

If interest earned by the Trust does not exceed the Trust s expenses, the Trustee will withdraw Swiss Francs from the Trust to pay these excess expenses, which will reduce the amount of Swiss Francs represented by each Share on an ongoing basis and may result in adverse tax consequences for Shareholders. 
 Each outstanding Share represents a fractional, undivided interest in the Swiss Francs held by the Trust. Recently, the amount of interest earned by the Trust has not exceeded the Trust s expenses; accordingly, the Trustee has been required to withdraw Swiss Francs from the Trust to pay these excess expenses. As long as the amount of interest earned does not exceed expenses, the amount of Swiss Francs represented by each Share will gradually decline over time. This is true even if additional Shares are issued in exchange for additional deposits of Swiss Francs into the Trust, as the amount of Swiss Francs required to create Shares will proportionately reflect the amount of Swiss Francs represented by the Shares outstanding at the time of creation. Assuming a constant Swiss Franc price, if expenses exceed interest earned, the trading price of the Shares will gradually decline relative to the price of the Swiss Franc as the amount of Swiss Francs represented by the Shares gradually declines. In this event, the Shares will only maintain their original price if the price of the Swiss Franc increases. There is no guarantee that interest earned by the Trust in the future will exceed the Trust s expenses. 
 Investors should be aware that a gradual decline in the amount of Swiss Francs represented by the Shares may occur regardless of whether the trading price of the Shares rises or falls in response to changes in the price of the Swiss Franc. The estimated ordinary operating expenses of the Trust, which accrue daily, are described in Business The Trust Trust Expenses. 
 The payment of expenses by the Trust will result in a taxable event to Shareholders. To the extent Trust expenses exceed interest paid to the Trust, a gain or loss may be recognized by Shareholders depending on the tax basis of the tendered Swiss Francs. 
 The interest rate paid by the Depository, if any, may not be the best rate available. If the Sponsor determines that the interest rate is inadequate, then its sole recourse is to remove the Depository and terminate the Deposit Accounts. 
 The Depository is committed to endeavor to pay a competitive interest rate on the balance of Swiss Francs in the primary deposit account of the Trust, but there is no guarantee of the amount of interest that will be paid, if any, on this account. Interest on the primary deposit account, if any accrues daily and is paid monthly. The Depository may change the rate at which interest accrues, including reducing the interest rate to zero or below zero, based upon changes in market conditions or the Depository s liquidity needs. The Depository notifies the Sponsor of the interest rate applied each business day after the close of such business day. The Sponsor discloses the current interest rate on the Trust s website. If the Sponsor believes that the interest rate paid by the Depository is not adequate, the Sponsor s sole recourse is to remove the Depository and terminate the Deposit Accounts. The Depository is not paid a fee for its services to the Trust; rather, it generates income or loss based on its ability to earn a spread or margin over the interest it pays to the Trust by using the Trust s Swiss Francs to make loans or in other banking operations. For these reasons, you should not expect that the Trust will be paid the best available interest rate at any time or over time. 
 If the Trust incurs expenses in USD, the Trust would be required to sell Swiss Francs to pay these expenses. The sale of the Trust s Swiss Francs to pay expenses in USD at a time of low Swiss Franc price could adversely affect the value of the Shares. 
 The Trustee will sell Swiss Francs held by the Trust to pay Trust expenses, if any, incurred in USD, irrespective of then-current Swiss Franc prices. The Trust is not actively managed and no attempt will be made to buy or sell Swiss Francs to protect against or to take advantage of fluctuations in the price of the Swiss Franc. Consequently, if the Trust incurs expenses in USD, the Trust s Swiss Francs may be sold at a time when the Swiss Franc price is low, resulting in a negative effect on the value of the Shares. 
 The Shares may trade at a price which is at, above, or below the NAV per Share. 
 The NAV per Share fluctuates with changes in the market value of the Trust s assets. The market price of Shares can be expected to fluctuate in accordance with changes in the NAV per Share, but also in response to market supply and demand. As a result, the Shares might trade at prices at, above or below the NAV per Share. 
 Disruptions in the ability to create and redeem Baskets may adversely impact the price of the Shares. 
 It is generally expected that the public trading price per Share will track the NAV per Share closely over time. The relationship between the public trading price per Share and the NAV per Share depends, to a considerable degree, on the ability of Authorized Participants or their clients or customers to purchase and redeem Baskets in the ordinary course. If the Trust were to issue all Shares that have been registered or if the Trust does not have an effective registration statement with the SEC with sufficient Shares available, each of which may happen from time to time, the Trust would not be able to create new Baskets until it registered additional Shares and those additional Shares became available for sale. In addition, the Trust may, in its discretion, suspend the creation of Baskets for any reason and at any time. If the process for creating or redeeming Shares is impaired for any reason, Authorized Participants and their clients or customers may not be able to purchase and redeem Baskets. The inability to purchase and redeem Baskets could result in the Shares trading at a premium or discount to the NAV of the Trust. Such a premium or discount could be significant, depending upon the nature or duration of the impairment. 
 4 

Substantial sales of Swiss Francs by the official sector could adversely affect an investment in the Shares. 
 The official sector consists of central banks, other governmental agencies and multi-lateral institutions that buy, sell and hold Swiss Francs as part of their reserve assets. The official sector holds a significant amount of Swiss Francs that can be mobilized in the open market. In the event that future economic, political or social conditions or pressures require members of the official sector to sell their Swiss Francs simultaneously or in an uncoordinated manner, the demand for Swiss Francs might not be sufficient to accommodate the sudden increase in the supply of Swiss Francs to the market. Consequently, the price of the Swiss Franc could decline, which would adversely affect an investment in the Shares. 
 International Armed Conflicts May Result in Volatility in Currency Prices that Could Adversely Affect the Fund's Performance. 
 As a result of increasingly interconnected global economies and financial markets, armed conflict between countries or in a geographic region, for example the current conflicts between Russia and Ukraine in Europe and Hamas and Israel in the Middle East, may impact the value of the currencies held by the Fund. Such conflicts, and other corresponding events, have had, and could continue to have, severe effects on regional and global economic and financial markets, including increased volatility, reduced liquidity, and overall uncertainty. 
 Pandemics and other public health emergencies could disrupt the global economy and adversely impact the Trust's performance. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic was extensive in many aspects of society. The outbreak resulted in a significant number of deaths, adversely impacted global commercial activity, and led to significant uncertainty and disruptions in the global economy and financial markets. Many countries reacted by instituting quarantines, prohibitions on travel and the closure of offices, businesses, schools, retail stores and other public venues. Businesses also implemented similar precautionary measures. While restrictions have eased, it is possible that they may be reinstated in the future in response to new variants or new public health emergencies. Such measures, as well as the general uncertainty surrounding the dangers and impact of a future public health crisis, may result in significant disruption in supply chains and economic activity. Consumer, corporate and financial confidence may be materially adversely affected by a future outbreak. Such erosion of confidence may lead to or extend to a localized or global economic downturn. Future pandemics and other public health emergencies could exacerbate political, social, and economic risks and result in significant breakdowns, delays, and other disruptions to the economy, with potential corresponding results on the value of the currency held by the Trust, which may adversely affect an investment in the Shares. 
 REGULATORY MATTERS 
 Changes to United States tariff and trade policies may increase the volatility of foreign exchange rates. This volatility could materially and adversely affect the performance of the Shares. 
 There have been ongoing discussions and commentary regarding potential significant changes to United States trade policies, treaties and tariffs. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, may have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may increase the volatility of foreign exchange rates, including the Swiss Franc/USD exchange rate. The resulting volatility could materially and adversely affect the performance of the Shares. 
 The Deposit Accounts are not entitled to payment at any office of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. located in the United States. 
 The federal laws of the United States prohibit banks located in the United States from paying interest on unrestricted demand deposit accounts. Therefore, payments out of the Deposit Accounts will be payable only at the London branch of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., located in England. The Trustee will not be entitled to demand payment of these accounts at any office of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. that is located in the United States. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will not be required to repay the deposit if its London branch cannot repay the deposit due to an act of war, insurrection or civil strife or an action by a foreign government or instrumentality (whether de jure or de facto in England. 
 Shareholders do not have the protections associated with ownership of a demand deposit account insured in the United States by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the protection provided for bank deposits under English law. 
 Neither the Shares nor the Deposit Accounts and the Swiss Francs deposited in them are deposits insured against loss by the FDIC, any other federal agency of the United States or the Financial Services Compensation Scheme of England. 
 5 

Shareholders do not have the protections associated with ownership of shares in an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 The Investment Company Act is designed to protect investors by preventing: insiders from managing investment companies to their benefit and to the detriment of public investors; the issuance of securities having inequitable or discriminatory provisions; the management of investment companies by irresponsible persons; the use of unsound or misleading methods of computing earnings and asset value; changes in the character of investment companies without the consent of investors; and investment companies from engaging in excessive leveraging. To accomplish these ends, the Investment Company Act requires the safekeeping and proper valuation of fund assets, restricts greatly transactions with affiliates, limits leveraging, and imposes governance requirements as a check on fund management. 
 The Trust is not registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act and is not required to register under that act. Consequently, Shareholders do not have the regulatory protections afforded to investors in registered investment companies. 
 Shareholders do not have the rights enjoyed by investors in certain other financial instruments. 
 As interests in a grantor trust, the Shares have none of the statutory rights normally associated with the ownership of shares of a business corporation, including, for example, the right to bring oppression or derivative actions. Apart from the rights afforded to them by federal and state securities laws, Shareholders have only those rights relative to the Trust, the Trust property and the Shares that are set forth in the Depositary Trust Agreement. In this connection, the Shareholders have limited voting and distribution rights. They do not have the right to elect directors. See Business The Shares Limited Rights for a description of the limited rights of the Shareholders. 
 Shareholders that are not Authorized Participants may only purchase or sell their Shares in secondary trading markets. 
 Only Authorized Participants may create or redeem Baskets through the Trust. All other investors that desire to purchase or sell Shares must do so through NYSE Arca or in other markets, if any, in which the Shares are traded. 
 INSOLVENCY OR TERMINATION OF THE DEPOSITORY OR TRUST 
 If the Depository becomes insolvent, its assets may not be adequate to satisfy a claim by the Trust or any Authorized Participant. In addition, in the event of the insolvency of the Depository, the U.S. bank of which it is a branch or any local cash correspondent holding the currency on deposit for the benefit of the Trust, there may be a delay and costs incurred in recovering the Swiss Francs held in the Deposit Accounts. 
 Swiss Francs deposited in the Deposit Accounts by an Authorized Participant are commingled with Swiss Francs deposited by other Authorized Participants and are held by the Depository in either the primary deposit account or the secondary deposit account of the Trust. Swiss Francs held in the Deposit Accounts are not segregated from the Depository s other assets. 
 The Trust has no proprietary rights in or to any specific Swiss Francs held by the Depository and will be an unsecured creditor of the Depository with respect to the Swiss Francs held in the Deposit Accounts in the event of the insolvency of the Depository or the U.S. bank of which it is a branch. In the event the Depository, the U.S. bank of which it is a branch or any local cash correspondent holding the currency on deposit for the benefit of the Trust becomes insolvent, the Depository s assets may not be adequate to satisfy a claim by the Trust or any Authorized Participant for the amount of Swiss Francs deposited by the Trust or the Authorized Participant and, in such event, the Trust and any Authorized Participant will generally have no right in or to assets other than those of the Depository. 
 In the case of insolvency of the Depository or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the U.S. bank of which the Depository is a branch, a liquidator may seek to freeze access to the Swiss Francs held in all accounts by the Depository, including the Deposit Accounts. In the case of insolvency of a local cash correspondent, a liquidator may seek to freeze access to the Swiss Francs held in all accounts by such local cash correspondent, including the Deposit Accounts held by such cash correspondent. The Trust and the Authorized Participants could incur expenses and delays in connection with asserting their claims. These problems would be exacerbated by the fact that the Deposit Accounts are not held in the U.S. but instead are held at the London branch of a U.S. national bank or with a local cash correspondent, where they are subject to English or Swiss insolvency law. Further, under U.S. law, in the case of the insolvency of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the claims of creditors in respect of accounts (such as the Trust s Deposit Accounts) that are maintained with an overseas branch of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or with a local cash correspondent will be subordinate to claims of creditors in respect of accounts maintained with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in the U.S., greatly increasing the risk that the Trust and the Trust s beneficiaries would suffer a loss. 
 6 

The License Agreement with The Bank of New York Mellon may be terminated by The Bank of New York Mellon in the event of a material breach. Termination of the License Agreement might lead to early termination and liquidation of the Trust. 
 The Bank of New York Mellon and the Sponsor have entered into a License Agreement granting the Sponsor a non-exclusive, personal and non-transferable license to certain patent applications made by The Bank of New York Mellon covering systems and methods for securitizing a commodity for the life of such patents and patent applications. The license grant is solely for the purpose of allowing the Sponsor to establish, operate and market a currency-based securities product based solely on the securitization, in whole or in part, of a single non-U.S. currency. The License Agreement provides that either party may provide notice of intent to terminate the License Agreement in the event the other party commits a material breach. If the License Agreement is terminated and one or more of The Bank of New York Mellon s patent applications issue as patents, then The Bank of New York Mellon may claim that the operation of the Trust violates its patent or patents and seek an injunction forcing the Trust to cease operation and the Shares to cease trading. In that case, the Trust might be forced to terminate and liquidate, which would adversely affect Shareholders. 
 Shareholders may incur significant fees upon the termination of the Trust. 
 The occurrence of any one of several events would either require the Trust to terminate or permit the Sponsor to terminate the Trust. For example, if the Depository were to resign or be removed, then the Sponsor would be required to terminate the Trust. Shareholders tendering their Shares within 90 days of the Trust s termination will receive the amount of Swiss Francs represented by their Shares. Shareholders may incur significant fees if they choose to convert the Swiss Francs they receive to USD. 
 DEPOSITARY TRUST AGREEMENT 
 The Depository owes no fiduciary duties to the Trust or the Shareholders, is not required to act in their best interest and could resign or be removed by the Sponsor, which would trigger early termination of the Trust. 
 The Depository is not a trustee for the Trust or the Shareholders. As stated above, the Depository is not obligated to maximize the interest rate paid to the Trust. In addition, the Depository has no duty to continue to act as the depository of the Trust. The Depository can terminate its role as depository for any reason whatsoever upon 90 days notice to the Trust. If directed by the Sponsor, the Trustee must terminate the Depository. Such a termination might result, for example, if the Sponsor determines that the interest rate paid by the Depository is inadequate. In the event that the Depository was to resign or be removed, the Trust will be terminated. 
 Redemption orders are subject to rejection by the Trustee under certain circumstances. 
 The Trustee will reject a redemption order if the order is not in proper form as described in the Participant Agreement or if the fulfillment of the order, in the opinion of its counsel, might be unlawful. Any such rejection could adversely affect a redeeming Shareholder. For example, the resulting delay would adversely affect the value of the Shareholder s redemption distribution if the NAV were to decline during the delay. In the Depositary Trust Agreement, the Sponsor and the Trustee disclaim any liability for any loss or damage that may result from any such rejection. 
 The liability of the Sponsor and the Trustee under the Depositary Trust Agreement is limited and, except as set forth in the Depositary Trust Agreement, they are not obligated to prosecute any action, suit or other proceeding in respect of any Trust property. 
 The Depositary Trust Agreement provides that neither the Sponsor nor the Trustee assumes any obligation or is subject to any liability under the Trust Agreement to any Shareholder, except that they each agree to perform their respective obligations specifically set forth in the Depositary Trust Agreement without negligence or bad faith. Additionally, neither the Sponsor nor the Trustee is obligated to, although each may in its respective discretion, prosecute any action, suit or other proceeding in respect of any Trust property. The Depositary Trust Agreement does not confer upon Shareholders the right to prosecute any such action, suit or other proceeding. 
 The Depositary Trust Agreement may be amended to the detriment of Shareholders without their consent. 
 The Sponsor and the Trustee may amend most provisions (other than those addressing core economic rights) of the Depositary Trust Agreement without the consent of any Shareholder. Such an amendment could impose or increase fees or charges borne by the Shareholders. Any amendment that increases fees or charges (other than taxes and other governmental charges, registration fees or other expenses), or that otherwise prejudices any substantial existing rights of Shareholders, will not become effective until 30 days after written notice is given to Shareholders. 
 7 

OTHER RISKS 
 Due to the increased use of technologies, intentional and unintentional cyber attacks pose operational and information security risks. 
 With the increased use of technologies such as the Internet and the dependence on computer systems to perform necessary business functions, the Trust is susceptible to operational and information security risks. In general, cyber incidents can result from deliberate attacks or unintentional events. Cyber attacks include, but are not limited to gaining unauthorized access to digital systems for purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, corrupting data, or causing operational disruption. 
 Cyber attacks may also be carried out in a manner that does not require gaining unauthorized access, such as causing denial-of-service attacks on websites. Cyber security failures or breaches of the Trust s third party service providers (including, but not limited to, the Trustee and the Sponsor) have the ability to cause disruptions and impact business operations, potentially resulting in financial losses, the inability of Shareholders or Authorized Participants to transact business in Shares and Baskets respectively, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, regulatory fines, penalties, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensation costs, and/or additional compliance costs. In addition, substantial costs may be incurred in order to prevent any cyber incidents in the future. The Trust and its Shareholders could be negatively impacted as a result. 
 While the Sponsor has established business continuity plans and systems reasonably designed to detect and prevent such cyber attacks from being effective, there are inherent limitations in such plans and systems. For instance, it is possible that certain existing risks have not been identified or that new risks will emerge before countervailing measures can be implemented. Furthermore, the Trust cannot control, or even necessarily influence, the cyber security plans and systems put in place by the Trust s third party service providers. Since the Trust is dependent upon third party service providers (including the Sponsor and Trustee) for substantially all of its operational needs, the Trust is subject to the risk that a cyber attack on a service provider will materially impair its normal operations even if the Trust itself is not subject to such an attack. In addition, a service provider that has experienced a cyber security incident may divert resources normally devoted to servicing the Trust to addressing the incident, which would be likely to have an adverse effect on the Trust s operations. 
 
 8 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY. 
 Cyber threats are considered one of the most significant risks facing financial institutions. Because the Trust has no directors, principal officers or employees, the Sponsor is responsible for managing cybersecurity risks to the Fund. To mitigate risk from cyber threats, Invesco Ltd. Invesco ), the Sponsor s parent company, has a designated Global Chief Security Officer (GCSO) who leads the global security department that is responsible for identifying, assessing, and managing cybersecurity threats across the Invesco organization. The GCSO has over 28 years of experience in the public and private sectors, specializing in security, investigations, and incident response. The global security department oversees the following groups across Invesco: Information Security, Global Privacy, Business Continuity Crisis Management, Resilience, Corporate Security, Business Security Officers and Strategy and Projects Governance. This converged security structure supports a more comprehensive, holistic approach to keeping our and Invesco clients, employees, and critical assets safe, upholding their privacy rights, while enabling a secure and resilient business. 
 Invesco s information security program is led by its Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) who reports directly to the GCSO and has over 25 years of experience, specializing in information security and risk management. Our manager s information security program is designed to oversee all aspects of information security risk and seeks to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information assets, including the implementation of controls aligned with industry guidelines and applicable statutes and regulations to identify threats, detect attacks and protect our information assets. The program includes the following: 
 Proactive assessments of technical infrastructure and security resilience are performed on a regular basis which include penetration testing, offensive testing and maturity assessments. 

Conducting diligence on third-party service providers regarding cybersecurity risks prior to on-boarding, periodic assessment of cybersecurity risks for third-party service providers and continuous monitoring for new third-party cybersecurity incidents. 

An incident response program that includes periodic testing and is designed to restore business operations as quickly and as orderly as possible in the event of a cybersecurity incident at Invesco or third-party incident. 

Mandatory annual employee security awareness training, which focuses on cyber threats and security in general. 

Regular cyber phishing tests throughout the year to measure and raise employee awareness against cyber phishing threats. 

Important to these programs is Invesco s investment in threat-intelligence, its active engagement in industry and government security-related forums, and its utilization of external experts to challenge its program maturity, assess its controls and routinely test its capabilities. 
 Invesco s Board of Directors oversees cybersecurity risk across the entire organization and receives updates at a minimum of twice a year regarding cybersecurity, including risks and protections. The Global Operational Risk Management Committee, one of Invesco s risk management committees, provides executive-level oversight and monitoring of the end-to-end programs dedicated to managing information security and cyber related risk. The members of this Committee include Invesco Ltd. s Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Risk Audit Officer, General Counsel, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer, Global Head of Compliance, and Global Operational Risk Owners which includes the GCSO. The committee reports to Invesco s Enterprise Risk Management Committee which provides updates to the Invesco Board to facilitate their oversight. 
 Although risks from cyber threats have not materially affected the Trust s business strategy, results of operations or financial condition as of December 31, 2023, Invesco continues to closely monitor cyber risk. In addition, security controls, no matter how well designed or implemented, may only mitigate and not fully eliminate risks. Additional information on cybersecurity risks the Trust faces is discussed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors, which should be read in conjunction with the foregoing information. 

9 

IT EM 2. PRO PERTIES. 
 The Trust does not own or use physical properties in the conduct of its business. The Sponsor s headquarters are located at 3500 Lacey Road, Suite 700, Downers Grove, Illinois 60515. 
 IT EM 3. LEG AL PROCEEDINGS. 
 None. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 10 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Market Information 
 The Shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on June 26, 2006 under the symbol FXF. The primary listing of the Shares was transferred to NYSE Arca on October 30, 2007. 
 Holders 
 As of January 31, 2024, the Trust had 78 holders of record of its Shares. 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds of Registered Securities 
 (a) There have been no unregistered sales of the Shares. No Shares are authorized for issuance by the Trust under equity compensation plans. 

(b) Not applicable 

(c) Although the Trust did not redeem Shares directly from its shareholders, the Trust redeemed Baskets from Authorized Participants during the three months ended December 31, 2023 as follows: 

Period of Redemption 
 
 Total Number of Shares Redeemed 

Average Price Paid per Share 

October 1, 2023 to October 31, 2023 

November 1, 2023 to November 30, 2023 

150,000 

100.51 

December 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 

100,000 

102.57 

Total 

250,000 

101.33 

ITEM 6. RESERVED. 
 
 11 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 Introduction 
 The following discussion and analysis was prepared to supplement information contained in the accompanying financial statements and is intended to explain certain items regarding the Trust's financial condition as of December 31, 2023, and its results of operations for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. It should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and related notes thereto contained in this report. 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as anticipate, expect, intend, plan, believe, seek, outlook and estimate and other similar words. Forward-looking statements are based upon our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Various factors may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. These factors include fluctuations in the price of the Swiss Franc, as the value of the Shares relates directly to the value of the Swiss Francs held by the Trust and price fluctuations could materially adversely affect an investment in the Shares. Readers are urged to review the Risk Factors section in this report for a description of other risks and uncertainties that may affect an investment in the Shares. 
 Neither the Sponsor nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of forward-looking statements contained in this report. The forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this report, and will not be revised or updated to reflect actual results or changes in the Sponsor s expectations or predictions. 
 Movements in the Price of the Swiss Franc 
 The investment objective of the Trust is for the Shares to reflect the price in USD of the Swiss Franc plus accrued interest, if any, less the expenses of the Trust s operations. The Shares are intended to provide institutional and retail investors with a simple, cost-effective means of gaining investment benefits similar to those of holding Swiss Francs. Each outstanding Share represents a proportional interest in the Swiss Francs held by the Trust. The following chart provides recent trends on the price of the Swiss Franc. The chart illustrates movements in the price of the Swiss Franc in USD and is based on the Closing Spot Rate: 

12 

NAV per Share; Valuation of the Swiss Franc 
 The following chart illustrates the movement in the price of the Shares based on (1) NAV per Share, (2) the bid and ask midpoint offered on NYSE Arca and (3) the Closing Spot Rate, expressed as a multiple of 100 Swiss Francs: 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The Trust does not have any material cash requirements as of the end of the latest fiscal period. The Sponsor is not aware of any known trends, demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that will result in, or are reasonably likely to result in, material changes to the Trust s liquidity and capital resources needs. The Trust s Depository, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch, maintains two deposit accounts for the Trust, a primary deposit account that may earn interest and a secondary deposit account that does not earn interest. Interest on the primary deposit account, if any, accrues daily and is paid monthly. The interest rate in effect as of December 31, 2023 was an annual nominal rate of 0.50 . The following chart provides the daily rate paid by the Depository since December 31, 2018: 

13 

In exchange for a fee, the Sponsor bears most of the expenses incurred by the Trust. As a result, the only ordinary expense of the Trust during the period covered by this report was the Sponsor s fee. Each month the Depository deposits into the secondary deposit account accrued but unpaid interest, if any, and the Trustee withdraws Swiss Francs from the secondary deposit account to pay the accrued Sponsor s fee for the previous month plus other Trust expenses (including, without limitation, expenses resulting from negative interest rates), if any. When the interest deposited, if any, exceeds the sum of the Sponsor s fee for the prior month plus other Trust expenses, if any, the Trustee converts the excess into USD at the prevailing market rate and distributes the USD as promptly as practicable to Shareholders on a pro-rata basis (in accordance with the number of Shares that they own). 

FXF Distribution History 

Date 
 
 Value 

NAV 

Yield 

Annualized Yield 

10/2/2023 

0.00179 

97.26 

0.00 
 
 (a) 
 
 0.02 

11/1/2023 

0.00887 

97.78 

0.01 

0.11 

12/1/2023 

0.00892 

102.33 

0.01 

0.11 

(a) Amount rounds to 0.00 

Results of Operations 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Trust's net comprehensive income (loss) was, in part, impacted by market volatility resulting from the US banking sector turmoil, ambiguity around the Federal Reserve's tightening cycle, and rising geopolitical concerns from the conflict in the Middle East, for 2023, and uncertainty caused by the novel coronavirus known as COVID-19, as well as the Russia-Ukraine conflict, for 2022, which are considered to be unusual or infrequent events. Although the full and direct impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Russia-Ukraine conflict, the US banking sector turmoil, and the Israel-Gaza conflict on the Trust's net comprehensive income (loss) during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 cannot be known, it is believed that they have each independently impacted the Closing Spot Rate, the interest rate paid by the Depository, and the global economy and markets generally, including the number of Shares created and redeemed by the Trust. 
 The Swiss Franc (CHF/USD) posted a large gain in 2023, with the pair ending the year at its highest since Jan 2015. Price action was largely driven by dollar moves and Swiss central bank policies. The USD fell sharply in January, helping the pair rally, as speculation for a dovish pivot in Fed rate hike plans grew. However, with the dollar making a turnaround in February due to signs of a strong labor market and resilient inflation in the US, the currency pair depreciated. In March though, the pair returned to positive territory as the US dollar once again weakened amid the turmoil in the US banking sector. While the second quarter was largely the same theme, with the CHF bouncing back and forth on Fed-driven dollar moves, the pair also received support from rising safe haven demand. The third quarter marked a negative period for the Swiss franc as the SNB turned increasingly dovish, especially when compared with the US Fed, which held on to its higher for longer guidance. However, returning dollar weakness in the fourth quarter and efforts by the SNB to boost its currency value and dampen inflation, helped the pair soar. 
 The Swiss Franc (CHF/USD) fell in the first three quarters of 2022 as the dollar rallied aggressively supported by expectations for aggressive U.S. Federal Reserve System (the Fed tightening and growing haven demand amid rising recession probabilities. The currency pair was further weighed down by the Swiss National Bank s lagged rate hike plans, given they only meet once a quarter vs the Fed s bimonthly (every two months) meeting, and the uncertainty over Europe s macroeconomic outlook as geopolitical turbulence over Ukraine persisted. However, prices did rebound quite significantly in the fourth quarter as the dollar weakened on expectations for a dovish pivot in Fed policies. 
 Additionally, the interest rate paid by the Depository has generally trended upward over the past year from zero to the current interest rate of 0.50 , as set forth in the FXF Rate Chart above. As long as the Sponsor s fee and the interest expense on currency deposits, if any, exceed interest income, the Trust will incur a net comprehensive loss. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires the Sponsor s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of the assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the period covered by this report. 
 In addition to the description below, please refer to Note 3 to the financial statements for further discussion of our accounting policies. 
 The functional currency of the Trust is the Swiss Franc in accordance with ASC 830, Foreign Currency Translation. 
 14 

ITEM 7A. QU ANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK . 
 Except as described above with respect to fluctuations in the Swiss Franc/USD exchange rate and changes in the nominal annual interest rate paid by the Depository on Swiss Francs held by the Trust, the Trust is not subject to market risk. The Trust does not hold securities and does not invest in derivative instruments. 
 15 

ITEM 8.	FINA NCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Documents 
 Page 

Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 17 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 18 

Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 20 

Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 21 

Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity and Redeemable Capital Shares for the Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 22 

Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity and Redeemable Capital Shares for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 23 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 24 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 25 

16 

Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of Invesco Specialized Products, LLC, as sponsor (the Sponsor of the Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust (the Trust ), is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined under Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 We, Brian Hartigan, Principal Executive Officer, and Kelli Gallegos, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools, of the Sponsor, assessed the effectiveness of the Trust s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment and those criteria, we have concluded that the Trust maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. 
 The Trust s independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has audited the Trust s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, as stated in their report on page 18 of the Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

By: 
 
 /S/ Brian Hartigan 

Name: 
 
 Brian Hartigan 

Title: 
 
 Principal Executive Officer 

By: 
 
 /S/ K ELLI G ALLEGOS 

Name: 
 
 Kelli Gallegos 

Title: 
 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools 

February 22, 2024 
 
 17 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Managers of Invesco Specialized Products, LLC (as Sponsor of Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust) and Shareholders of Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying statements of financial condition of Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust (the Trust as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of comprehensive income, of changes in shareholders equity and redeemable capital shares and of cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). We also have audited the Trust's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Trust as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Trust maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Trust's management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Trust s financial statements and on the Trust's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Trust in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 18 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 
 
 February 22, 2024 
 
 We have served as the Trust s auditor since 2018. 

19 

Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust 
 Statements of Fin ancial Condition 
 December 31, 2023 and 2022 

December 31, 

2023 

2022 

Assets 

Swiss Franc deposits, interest bearing 

Receivable from accrued interest 

Total Assets 

Liabilities 

Swiss Franc deposits, non-interest bearing, overdrawn 

Accrued Sponsor s fee 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (note 8) 

Redeemable Capital Shares and Shareholders Equity 

Redeemable Capital Shares, at redemption value, no par value, and issued and outstanding, respectively 

Shareholders Equity: 

Retained Earnings 

Total Liabilities, Redeemable Capital Shares and Shareholders Equity 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements which are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 20 

Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust 
 Statements of Comp rehensive Income 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 

2023 

2022 

Income 

Interest Income 

Total Income 

Expenses 

Sponsor s fee 

() 

() 

Interest Expense on currency deposits 

() 

() 

Total Expenses 

() 

() 

Net Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

() 

() 

Basic and Diluted Earnings (Loss) per Share 

() 

() 

Weighted-average Shares Outstanding 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements which are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 21 

Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust 
 Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity and Redeemable Capital Shares 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 

Retained Earnings 

Total Shareholders' Equity 

Shares 

Redeemable Capital Shares 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Purchases of Shares 

Redemption of Shares 

() 

() 

Net Increase (Decrease) due to Share Transactions 

() 

() 

Distributions 

() 

() 

Net Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

() 

() 

Adjustment of Redeemable Capital Shares to Redemption Value related to Retained Earnings 

() 

Adjustment of Redeemable Capital Shares to Redemption Value 

Balance at December 31, 2023 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements which are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 22 

Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust 
 Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity and Redeemable Capital Shares 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Retained Earnings 

Total Shareholders' Equity 

Shares 

Redeemable Capital Shares 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Purchases of Shares 

Redemption of Shares 

() 

() 

Net Increase (Decrease) due to Share Transactions 

() 

() 

Net Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

() 

() 

Adjustment of Redeemable Capital Shares to Redemption Value related to Retained Earnings 

() 

Adjustment of Redeemable Capital Shares to Redemption Value 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements which are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 
 23 

Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 

2023 

2022 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net comprehensive income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Receivable from accrued interest 

() 

Accrued interest expense 

() 

Accrued Sponsor's fee 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Distributions paid to shareholders 

() 

Proceeds from purchases of redeemable capital Shares 

Redemptions of redeemable capital Shares 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in payable for Swiss Franc deposits overdrawn 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rate on cash 

() 

Net change in cash 

() 

() 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements which are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 24 

Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust 
 Notes to Financ ial Statements 
 December 31, 2023 

when the Sponsor deposited Swiss Francs in the Trust s primary deposit account held by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch (the Depository ). The Sponsor is a Delaware limited liability company whose sole member is Invesco Capital Management . The Trust has an unlimited number of shares authorized for issuance. The investment objective of the Trust is for the Trust s shares (the Shares to reflect the price in U.S. Dollars USD of the Swiss Franc plus accrued interest, if any, less the Trust s expenses and liabilities. The Shares are intended to provide investors with a simple, cost-effective means of gaining investment benefits similar to those of holding Swiss Francs. The Trust s assets primarily consist of Swiss Francs on demand deposit in deposit accounts maintained by the Depository: a primary deposit account which may earn interest and a secondary deposit account which does not earn interest. The secondary deposit account is used to account for any interest that may be received and paid out on creations and redemptions of blocks of Shares Baskets ). The secondary account is also used to account for interest earned, if any, on the primary deposit account, pay Trust expenses and distribute any excess interest to holders of Shares Shareholders on a monthly basis. This Annual Report (the Annual Report covers the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 . 

Distributions paid 

An income distribution for the month ended December 31, 2023 was paid on to holders of record as of at a rate of per Share and a total distribution of . 
 per year in legal fees and expenses, and applicable license fees. The Trust does not reimburse the Sponsor for the routine operational, administrative and other ordinary expenses of the Trust. Accordingly, such expenses are not reflected in the Statements of Comprehensive Income of the Trust. 
 per year. The only expense of the Trust during the year ended December 31, 2023 was the Sponsor s fee. The only expenses of the Trust during the year ended December 31, 2022 was the Sponsor s fee and interest expense on currency deposits. 
 provision for federal income taxes is required. Interest, gains and losses are passed through to the Shareholders. Shareholders generally will be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as if they directly owned a pro-rata share of the assets held in the Trust. Shareholders also will be treated as if they directly received their respective pro-rata portion of the Trust s income, if any, and as if they directly incurred their respective pro-rata portion of the Trust s expenses. The acquisition of Shares by a U.S. Shareholder as part of a creation of a Basket will not be a taxable event to the Shareholder. The Sponsor s fee accrues daily and is payable monthly. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, an accrual-basis U.S. Shareholder generally will be required to take into account as an expense its allocable portion of the USD-equivalent of the amount of the Sponsor s fee that is accrued on each day, with such USD-equivalent being determined by the currency exchange rate that is in effect on the respective day. To the extent that the currency exchange rate on the date of payment of the accrued amount of the Sponsor s fee differs from the currency exchange rate in effect on the day of accrual, the U.S. Shareholder will recognize a currency gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Trust does not expect to generate taxable income except for interest income (if any) and gain (if any) upon the sale of Swiss Francs. A non-U.S. Shareholder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax with respect to gain recognized upon the sale or other disposition of Shares, or upon the sale of Swiss Francs by the Trust, unless: (1) the non-U.S. Shareholder is an individual and is present in the United States for days or more during the taxable year of the sale or other disposition, and the gain is treated as being from United States sources; or (2) the gain is effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. Shareholder of a trade or business in the United States. A non-U.S. Shareholder s portion of any interest income earned by the Trust generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless the Shares owned by such non-U.S. Shareholder are effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. Shareholder of a trade or business in the United States. 

26 

. For the year ended December 31, 2023, there were Swiss Franc principal deposits of , Swiss Franc principal redemptions of and Swiss Franc withdrawals (to pay expenses) of , resulting in an ending Swiss Franc principal balance of . This equates to USD. For the year ended December 31, 2022 , there were Swiss Franc principal deposits of , Swiss Franc principal redemptions of and Swiss Franc withdrawals (to pay expenses) of , resulting in an ending Swiss Franc principal balance of . This equates to USD. Net interest, if any, associated with creation and redemption activity is held in a Swiss Franc-denominated non-interest-bearing account, and any balance is distributed in full as part of the monthly income distributions, if any. 

of the Swiss Francs in the Trust (including all unpaid interest but excluding unpaid fees, each as accrued through the immediately preceding day) and is paid monthly. 

 period for settlement of each creation or redemption, the Trust reflects Shares created as a receivable on the trade date. Shares redeemed are reflected as a liability on the trade date. Outstanding Shares are reflected at redemption value, which is the NAV per Share at the period end date. Adjustments to redeemable capital Shares at redemption value are recorded directly to redeemable capital shares and retained earnings. The Trustee calculates the Trust s NAV each business day. To calculate the NAV, the Trustee subtracts the Sponsor s accrued fee through the previous day from the Swiss Francs held by the Trust (including all unpaid interest, if any, accrued through the preceding day) and calculates the value of the Swiss Francs in USD based upon the Closing Spot Rate. If, on a particular evaluation day, the Closing Spot Rate has not been determined and announced by 6:00 PM (London time), then the most recent Closing Spot Rate will be used to determine the NAV of the Trust unless the Trustee, in consultation with the Sponsor, determines that such price is inappropriate to use as the basis for the valuation. If the Trustee and the Sponsor determine that the most recent Closing Spot Rate is not an appropriate basis for valuation of the Trust s Swiss Francs, they will determine an alternative basis for the valuation. The Trustee also determines the NAV per Share, which equals the NAV of the Trust, divided by the number of outstanding Shares. Shares deliverable under a purchase order are considered outstanding for purposes of determining NAV per Share; Shares deliverable under a redemption order are not considered outstanding for this purpose. 

28 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE . 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of the management of the Sponsor, including Brian Hartigan, its Principal Executive Officer, and Kelli Gallegos, its Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools, the Trust carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of December 31, 2023, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, and, based upon that evaluation, Brian Hartigan, the Principal Executive Officer of the Sponsor, and Kelli Gallegos, the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools, of the Sponsor concluded that the Trust s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information the Trust is required to disclose in the reports that it files or submits with the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Trust in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management of the Sponsor, including its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the Trust s quarter ended December 31, 2023, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Trust s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Sponsor is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined under Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act, for the Trust. Brian Hartigan, the Principal Executive Officer of the Sponsor, and Kelli Gallegos, the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools, of the Sponsor, assessed the effectiveness of the Trust s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. Their report in connection with their assessment may be found in the Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting on page 17 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The Trust s independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has audited the Trust s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, as stated in their report on page 18 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2023 , none of the members of the Sponsor responsible for overseeing the business and operations of the Fund , modified or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 29 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE . 
 The following executive officers of the Sponsor serve in the capacities specified for them: 

Name 
 
 Capacity 

Brian Hartigan 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer; Board of Managers 

Kelli Gallegos 
 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools 

Melanie Zimdars 
 
 Chief Compliance Officer 

Jordan Krugman 
 
 Board of Managers 

John M. Zerr 
 
 Board of Managers 

Executive officer, within the meaning of Rule 3b-7 under the Exchange Act, of the Trust. 
 The Sponsor is managed by a Board of Managers. The Board of Managers is composed of Messrs. Hartigan, Krugman and Zerr. 
 The Board of Managers has established an Audit Committee with the following members: Messrs. Hartigan, Krugman and Zerr. The overall purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Managers with overseeing the Trust's financial statements, the Trust's compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the qualifications and independence of the Trust's independent registered public accounting firm (the independent auditor ), the performance of the internal audit function for the Trust, and the performance of the independent auditor. 
 Brian Hartigan (45) has been Chief Executive Officer of the Sponsor since November 2023. In this role, he has general oversight responsibilities for all of the Sponsor s business. Mr. Hartigan has been a Member of the Board of Managers of the Sponsor since November 2023. Previously, Mr. Hartigan was Global Head of ETF Investments and Indexed Strategies at Invesco, Ltd. Invesco ), a global investment management company and affiliate of the Sponsor, since 2015. In that role, he was responsible for oversight of all portfolio management activities of exchange-traded funds ETFs ), as well as providing support to the US ETF Board, serving as a global ETF expert and resource and providing day-to-day support. In addition, he was a team leader for Invesco s unit investment trusts. Mr. Hartigan earned a BA degree from the University of St. Thomas in Minnesota and an MBA in finance from DePaul University. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst CFA charterholder and a member of the CFA Society of Chicago. 
 Kelli Gallegos (53) currently serves as Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools of the Sponsor and has served in this capacity since September 2018. Additionally, since September 2018, Ms. Gallegos has been Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools of Invesco Capital Management LLC, the managing owner of a suite of commodity exchange-traded funds ICM ), Head of North America Fund Reporting of Invesco, Ltd., a global investment management company Invesco ), and Vice President and Treasurer of Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust, Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II, Invesco India Exchange-Traded Fund Trust, Invesco Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust, Invesco Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Commodity Fund Trust and Invesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust, each a registered investment company offering series of exchange-traded funds (the Invesco ETFs ). She has also served as Vice President (since March 2016), Principal Financial Officer (since March 2016) and Assistant Treasurer (since December 2008) for a suite of mutual funds advised by Invesco Advisers, Inc., a registered investment adviser (the Invesco Funds ). In her roles with the Sponsor, ICM, Invesco, the Invesco ETFs and the Invesco Funds, Ms. Gallegos has financial and administrative oversight responsibilities for, and serves as Principal Financial Officer of, the Invesco ETFs, the CurrencyShares Trusts sponsored by the Sponsor, of which the registrant is one (the CurrencyShares Trusts ), and the exchange-traded commodity funds for which ICM serves as managing owner (the Commodity Funds ). Previously, she was Director of Fund Financial Services from December 2008 to September 2018, Assistant Treasurer for ICM from January 2013 to September 2018, Assistant Treasurer of the Sponsor from April 2018 to September 2018, Assistant Treasurer for the Invesco ETFs from September 2014 to September 2018 and Assistant Vice President for the Invesco Funds from December 2008 to March 2016. In such roles, Ms. Gallegos managed the group of personnel responsible for the preparation of fund financial statements and other information necessary for shareholder reports, fund prospectuses, regulatory filings, and for the coordination and oversight of third-party service providers of the CurrencyShares Trusts, the Invesco ETFs, the Invesco Funds and the Commodity Funds. Ms. Gallegos earned a BBA in accounting from Harding University in Searcy, AR. 
 
 30 

Melanie H. Zimdars (47) currently serves as Chief Compliance Officer of the Sponsor and has served in this capacity since April 6, 2018. In her role, she is responsible for all aspects of regulatory compliance for the Sponsor. Ms. Zimdars has also served as Chief Compliance Officer of Invesco Capital Management, Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust, Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II, Invesco India Exchange-Traded Fund Trust, Invesco Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust and Invesco Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Commodity Fund Trust since November 2017. From September 2009 to October 2017, she served as Vice President and Deputy Chief Compliance Officer at ALPS Holdings, Inc. where she was Chief Compliance Officer for six different mutual fund complexes, including active and passive ETFs and open-end and closed-end funds. Through its subsidiary companies, ALPS Holdings, Inc. is a provider of investment products and customized servicing solutions to the financial services industry. Ms. Zimdars received a BS degree from the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse. 
 Jordan Krugman (46) currently serves as a member of the Board of Managers of the Sponsor and has served in this capacity since October 30, 2020. He is also the Chief Financial Officer of the Americas for Invesco Ltd., a global investment management company affiliated with the Sponsor. He was appointed to this position in October 2020. In this capacity, Mr. Krugman is responsible for general management support, in addition to executing on various strategic initiatives and overseeing the financial framework for the business units operating within the Americas division of Invesco Ltd. He has also served as a Member of the Board of Managers of the Sponsor since October 2020. From March 2019 to October 2020, Mr. Krugman served as the Global Head of Financial Planning and Analysis at Invesco Ltd. In this role, he was responsible for overseeing Invesco's forecasting, budgeting, strategic planning and financial target setting processes, including analytics and decision support for Invesco Ltd.'s executive team. From March 2017 to March 2019, Mr. Krugman served as Invesco Ltd.'s Head of Finance Corporate Strategy, North America. In this role, Mr. Krugman was responsible for strategic and financial planning for Invesco Ltd.'s global investments organization, including global real estate, private equity and global fixed income. Prior to that, Mr. Krugman was Invesco Ltd.'s Treasurer and Head of Investor Relations from May 2011 to March 2017. In this role, he was responsible for management of Invesco Ltd.'s liquidity and capital management programs. Additionally, Mr. Krugman managed the communication with Invesco Ltd.'s external stakeholders, including equity shareholders, debt investors, rating agencies and research analysts. Mr. Krugman earned a BA degree in American civilizations, with a US history concentration, from Middlebury College in Vermont in 1999, and earned an MBA from Santa Clara University in California in 2007. He is a Certified Treasury Professional (CTP). 
 John Zerr (61) currently serves as a member of the Board of Managers of the Sponsor and has served in this capacity since April 6, 2018. Mr. Zerr is also a member of the Board of Managers of Invesco Capital Management and the Chief Operating Officer of Americas for Invesco Ltd., and has served in these roles since March 2006 and February 2018, respectively. Mr. Zerr previously served as the Managing Director and General Counsel for U.S. Retail of Invesco Management Group, Inc., a registered investment adviser affiliated with the Sponsor, from March 2006 through March 2018. Mr. Zerr has also been a Senior Vice President of IDI since March 2006. He also served as a Director and Secretary of that entity until February 2010 and March 2018, respectively. Mr. Zerr has served as Senior Vice President of Invesco Advisers, Inc., a registered investment adviser affiliated with the Sponsor, since December 2009. Mr. Zerr serves as a Director and Vice President of Invesco Investment Services, Inc., a registered transfer agency since May 2007. He also served as Secretary of that entity until March 2018. Mr. Zerr has served as Director, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of a number of other Invesco wholly-owned subsidiaries which service or serviced portions of Invesco s U.S. Retail business since May 2007 and since June 2010 with respect to certain Van Kampen entities engaged in the asset management business that were acquired by Invesco from Morgan Stanley. In each of the foregoing positions Mr. Zerr is responsible for overseeing legal operations. In such capacity, Mr. Zerr also is responsible for overseeing the legal activities of various Invesco funds. Mr. Zerr earned a BA degree in economics from Ursinus College. He graduated cum laude with a J.D. from Temple University School of Law. 
 ITEM 11. EXEC UTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The Trust has no employees, officers or directors. The Sponsor receives a Sponsor s fee, which accrues daily at an annual nominal rate of 0.40 of the Swiss Francs in the Trust (including all unpaid interest but excluding unpaid fees, each as accrued through the immediately preceding day) and is paid monthly. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Trust incurred Sponsor s fees of 771,974 of which 705,819 had been paid at December 31, 2023. Sponsor s fees of 66,155 were unpaid at December 31, 2023 and are reported as a liability on the Statement of Financial Condition. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Trust incurred Sponsor s fees of 929,886 of which 856,008 had been paid at December 31, 2022. Sponsor s fees of 73,878 were unpaid at December 31, 2022 and are reported as a liability on the Statement of Financial Condition. 
 
 31 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The Trust has no officers or directors. The following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our Shares as of January 31, 2024, as known by management. No person is known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of outstanding Shares. 

Title of Class 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Percent of Class 

Shares 
 
 Directors and Officers of Invesco Specialized Products, LLC as a group 

Less than 0.1 

The Trust has no securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN REL ATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 See Item 11. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 Audit and Non-Audit Fees 
 The following table sets forth the fees for professional services rendered by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP PwC ), the Trust s independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

Audit Fees 

38,030 

36,230 

Audit-Related Fees 

Tax fees 

All other Fees 

Total 

38,030 

36,230 

Approval of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Services and Fees 
 The Sponsor approved all of the services provided by PwC to the Trust described above. The Sponsor pre-approved all audit and allowed non-audit services of the Trust s independent registered public accounting firm, including all engagement fees and terms. 

32 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 See financial statements commencing on page 16 hereof. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 No financial statement schedules are filed herewith because (i) such schedules are not required or (ii) the information required has been presented in the aforementioned financial statements. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 The following documents (unless otherwise indicated) are filed herewith and made a part of this Annual Report: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Formation of the Sponsor dated September 14, 2005, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File number 333 132364) filed by the Trust on June 9, 2006. 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Formation of the Sponsor dated March 27, 2012, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Trust on January 14, 2013. 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Formation of the Sponsor dated April 6, 2018, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Trust on April 9, 2018. 

3.4 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Sponsor, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Trust on April 9, 2018. 

4.1 
 
 Depositary Trust Agreement dated as of June 8, 2006 among the Sponsor, The Bank of New York Mellon, all registered owners and beneficial owners of Swiss Franc Shares issued thereunder and all depositors, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed by the Trust on March 10, 2011. 

4.2 
 
 Amendment to Depositary Trust Agreement dated as of November 13, 2008 between the Sponsor and The Bank of New York Mellon, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Trust on September 9, 2010. 

4.3 
 
 Global Amendment to Depositary Trust Agreements dated as of March 6, 2012 between the Sponsor and The Bank of New York Mellon, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Trust on March 12, 2012. 

4.4 
 
 Global Amendment to Depositary Trust Agreements dated as of September 5, 2017 between the Sponsor and The Bank of New York Mellon, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Trust on September 11, 2017. 

4.5 
 
 Global Amendment to Depositary Trust Agreements dated as of June 4, 2018 between the Sponsor and The Bank of New York Mellon, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Trust on June 4, 2018. 

4.6 
 
 Global Amendment to Depositary Trust Agreements dated as of January 9, 2019 between the Sponsor and The Bank of New York Mellon, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Trust on January 11, 2019. 

4.7 
 
 Form of Participant Agreement among The Bank of New York Mellon, the Sponsor, and the Authorized Participants (listed in the Schedule attached thereto pursuant to Instruction 2 to Item 601 of Regulation S-K), incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Trust on January 11, 2019. 

4.8 
 
 Description of Common Units of Beneficial Interest, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Trust on February 28, 2020. 

33 

10.1 
 
 Deposit Account Agreement dated as of June 8, 2006 between The Bank of New York Mellon and the London Branch of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed by the Trust on March 10, 2011. 

10.2 
 
 Amendment to Deposit Account Agreement dated as of November 13, 2008 between The Bank of New York Mellon and the London Branch of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Trust on September 9, 2010. 

10.3 
 
 Amendment 2 to Deposit Account Agreement dated as of September 1, 2010 between The Bank of New York Mellon and the London Branch of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed by the Trust on March 10, 2011. 

10.4 
 
 Amendment 3 to Deposit Account Agreement dated as of August 10, 2011 between The Bank of New York Mellon and the London Branch of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration on Form S-3 (File No. 333-176370) filed by the Trust on August 17, 2011. 

10.5 
 
 License Agreement dated as of April 6, 2018 between The Bank of New York Mellon and the Sponsor, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Trust on April 9, 2018. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

97 
 
 Policy Relating to Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema With Embedded Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

34 

Signat ures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust 

By: 
 Invesco Specialized Products, LLC 

its Sponsor 

Dated: February 22, 2024 
 
 By: 
 / S / BRIAN HARTIGAN 

Name: 
 Brian Hartigan 

Title: 
 Principal Executive Officer 

Dated: February 22, 2024 
 
 By: 
 / S / K ELLI G ALLEGOS 

Name: 
 Kelli Gallegos 

Title: 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on 
 behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 Capacity 
 Date 

/s/ J ORDAN K RUGMAN Jordan Krugman 
 Manager 
 February 22, 2024 

/s/ J OHN Z ERR John Zerr 
 Manager 
 February 22, 2024 

The registrant is a trust and the persons are signing in their capacities as officers or directors of Invesco Specialized Products, LLC, the Sponsor of the registrant. 
 
 35 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 fxf-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-258362) of Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust of our report dated February 22, 2024 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Chicago, Illinois February 22, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 fxf-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Brian Hartigan, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of managers (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 22, 2024 
 
 /s/ Brian Hartigan 

Brian Hartigan 

Principal Executive Officer of Invesco Specialized Products, LLC, the Sponsor 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 fxf-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Kelli Gallegos, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of managers (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 22, 2024 
 
 /s/ Kelli Gallegos 

Kelli Gallegos 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, In vestmen t Pools, of Invesco Specialized Products, LLC, the Sponsor 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 fxf-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The undersigned, Brian Hartigan, Principal Executive Officer of Invesco Specialized Products, LLC, the Sponsor of Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust (the Trust ), hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

(2) The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Trust; and 

(3) This certification accompanies the report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Trust under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of such report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

Dated: February 22, 2024 
 
 /s/ Brian Hartigan 

Brian Hartigan 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 fxf-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The undersigned, Kelli Gallegos, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools of Invesco Specialized Products, LLC, the Sponsor of Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust (the Trust ), hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

(2) The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Trust; and 

(3) This certification accompanies the report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Trust under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of such report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

Dated: February 22, 2024 
 
 /s/ Kelli Gallegos 

Kelli Gallegos 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 7
 fxf-ex97_1.htm
 EX-97.1

EX-97.1 

Exhibit 97 
 
 Invesco CurrencyShares Australian Dollar Trust FXA ), 
 Invesco CurrencyShares British Pound Sterling Trust FXB ), 
 Invesco CurrencyShares Canadian Dollar Trust FXC ), 
 Invesco CurrencyShares Euro Trust FXE ), 
 Invesco CurrencyShares Swiss Franc Trust FXF ), 
 Invesco CurrencyShares Japanese Yen Trust FXY 
 (collectively, the Funds 
 
 POLICY FOR RECOUPMENT OF INCENTIVE-BASED COMPENSATION 
 
 1. Introduction 

In accordance with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the regulations thereunder, and applicable exchange listing rules, the Board of Managers (the Board of Invesco Specialized Products, LLC (the Company as the sponsor of the Funds, has adopted a policy (the Policy on behalf of each of the Funds providing for the Funds recoupment of certain incentive-based compensation received by Covered Executives (as defined below) in the event that a Fund is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to its material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws. 
 
 2. Administration 

Administration and enforcement of this Policy is delegated to the Board. Determinations of the Board under this Policy need not be uniform with respect to any or all Covered Executives and will be final and binding. 
 
 3. Effective Date 

This Policy shall be effective as of December 1, 2023 (the Effective Date ). 
 
 4. Covered Executives 

This Policy covers each current or former officer of the Fund subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act (each, a Covered Executive ). [1] 
 
 5. Covered Compensation 

This Policy applies to any incentive-based compensation, including, but not limited to, bonuses, and awards, that is granted, earned or vested, wholly or in part, upon the attainment of any financial reporting measure, received (as defined below) on or after October 2, 2023 Covered Compensation by a Covered Executive. Financial reporting measures are measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Fund s financial statements, and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures. 
 1 

This Policy shall apply to any Covered Compensation received by an employee or officer of the Company who served as a Covered Executive at any time during the performance period for that Covered Compensation, while the Fund has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or national securities association. 
 
 A Covered Executive will be deemed to have received Covered Compensation in the Fund s fiscal period during which the financial reporting measure specified in the award is attained, even if payment or grant of the Covered Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 
 6. Financial Restatements; Recoupment 

In the event that the Board of the Company determines the Fund is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Fund with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (such an accounting restatement, a Restatement ), the Board shall review the Covered Compensation received by a Covered Executive during the three-year period preceding the Required Financial Restatement Date (as defined below). Regardless of whether the Company filed the restated financial statements, the Board shall, reasonably promptly and to the full extent permitted by governing law, seek recoupment of any Covered Compensation, whether in the form of cash or equity, awarded or paid to a Covered Executive (computed without regard to any taxes paid), if and to the extent: 
 
 a. the amount of the Covered Compensation was calculated based upon the achievement of certain financial results that were subsequently the subject of a Restatement; and 

b. the amount of the Covered Compensation that would have been awarded to the Covered Executive had the financial results been properly reported would have been lower than the amount actually awarded. 

If the achievement of a certain financial result was considered in determining the Covered Compensation awarded or paid, but the Covered Compensation is not awarded or paid on a formulaic basis, the Board shall determine in its sole discretion the amount, if any, by which the payment or award should be reduced or recouped. 
 
 For purposes of this Policy, the Required Financial Restatement Date is the earlier to occur of: 
 
 a. the date the Board, a committee of the Board, or any officer or officers authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that a Fund is required to prepare a Restatement; or 

b. the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Fund to prepare a Restatement. 

2 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Covered Executive will be deemed to have received Covered Compensation in the Fund s fiscal period during which the financial reporting measure specified in the award is attained, even if the Covered Executive remains subject to additional payment conditions with respect to such award. 
 
 7. Method of Recoupment 

The Board will determine, in its sole discretion, the method for recouping erroneously awarded Covered Compensation, which may include, without limitation: 
 
 a. requiring reimbursement of cash incentive compensation previously paid; 

b. seeking recovery of any Equity Proceeds (as defined below); 

c. seeking recovery of some or all vested equity (and/or equity-based) awards or cancelling or rescinding some or all unvested equity (and/or equity-based) awards; 

d. adjusting or withholding from unpaid compensation or other set-off to the extent permitted by applicable law or regulation; and/or 

e. reducing or eliminating future salary increases, incentive compensation, bonuses, awards or severance. 

For purposes hereof, Equity Proceeds means all proceeds realized by a Covered Executive (i) in connection with the vesting or settlement of restricted stock awards, restricted stock units or other stock-based awards (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any performance awards) of the Company and (ii) from the sale of shares of a Fund, in each case previously obtained as incentive compensation. 
 
 8. Impracticability Exceptions 

The Board shall not seek recoupment of any erroneously awarded Covered Compensation to the extent that, in accordance with applicable federal securities laws and exchange listing rules, it determines that: 
 
 a. the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount of erroneously-awarded Covered Compensation to be recovered and the Fund has made and documented its reasonable attempt to recover; and/or 

b. recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to Company employees, to fail to meet the requirements of Sections 401(a)(13) and 411(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations thereunder. 

3 

9. No Indemnification 

The Funds shall not indemnify any Covered Executive against the loss of any erroneously awarded Covered Compensation or any Covered Compensation that is recouped pursuant to the terms of this Policy, or any claims relating to a Fund s enforcement of its rights under this Policy. 
 
 10. Public Disclosure 

The Funds shall make all required disclosures and filings with respect to this Policy in accordance with the requirements of the federal securities laws. 
 
 11. Severability 

If any provision of this Policy or the application of any such provision to any Covered Executive shall be adjudicated to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of this Policy, and the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions shall be deemed amended to the minimum extent necessary to render any such provision or application enforceable. 
 
 12. Amendments 

The Board may amend, modify or terminate this Policy in whole or in part at any time in its sole discretion and may adopt such rules and procedures that it deems necessary or appropriate to implement this Policy or to comply with applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 13. No Impairment of Other Remedies 

The remedies under this Policy are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any legal and equitable claims a Fund may have or any actions that may be imposed by law enforcement agencies, regulators or other authorities. The Funds may adopt additional recoupment provisions in the future or amend existing requirements as required by law or regulation. 
 
 [1] The Funds do not have employees or officers; however, certain officers of the Company have been identified by the Board as named executive officers of the Funds within the meaning of Section 16 under the Exchange Act. 
 4 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 fxf-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

