<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240304_10-K_edgar_data_913241_0001628280-24-008331.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13757534</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>447827</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4231196</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4214296</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2518482</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2116599</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>22</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-008331.hdr.sgml : 20240304
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240304060615
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-008331
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		119
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240304
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240304

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STEVEN MADDEN, LTD.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000913241
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOTWEAR, (NO RUBBER) [3140]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				133588231
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23702
		FILM NUMBER:		24712749

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		52-16 BARNETT AVE
		CITY:			LONG ISLAND CITY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7184461800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		52-16 BARNETT AVENUE
		CITY:			LONG ISLAND CITY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MADDEN STEVEN LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19931008

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-008331.txt : 20240304

10-K
 1
 shoo-20231231.htm
 10-K

shoo-20231231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2023 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Emerging growth company Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant (assuming for these purposes, but without conceding, that all executive officers and directors are affiliates of the registrant) as of June 30, 2023, the last business day of the 
 registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was (based on the closing sale price of the registrant's common stock on that date as reported on The NASDAQ Global Select Market). 
 The number of outstanding shares of the registrant's common stock as of February 22, 2024 was shares. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT 
 1 
 PART I ITEM 1 
 BUSINESS 
 3 
 ITEM 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 
 10 
 ITEM 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 18 
 ITEM 1 C 
 CYBERSECURITY 
 18 
 ITEM 2 
 PROPERTIES 
 20 
 ITEM 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 20 
 ITEM 4 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 20 
 PART II ITEM 5 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 21 
 ITEM 6 
 [RESERVED] 
 22 
 ITEM 7 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 23 
 ITEM 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 32 
 ITEM 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 34 
 ITEM 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 34 
 ITEM 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 34 
 ITEM 9B 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 35 
 ITEM 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 36 
 PART III ITEM 10 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 36 
 ITEM 11 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 36 
 ITEM 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP AND OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 36 
 ITEM 13 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 36 
 ITEM 14 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 36 
 PART IV ITEM 15 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 36 
 ITEM 16 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 39 
 SIGNATURES 
 40 

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE U.S. PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements regarding revenue and earnings guidance, plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, and intentions. You can identify forward-looking statements by words such as: may, will, expect, believe, should, anticipate, project, predict, plan, intend, or estimate, and similar expressions, or the negative of these expressions. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they represent our current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions regarding anticipated events and trends affecting our business, and industry based on information available as of the time such statements are made. We caution investors that such forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted with accuracy, and some of which may be outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in these forward-looking statements. As such, investors should not rely upon them. Important risk factors include: 
 geopolitical tensions in the regions in which we operate and any related challenging macroeconomic conditions globally may materially and adversely affect our customers, vendors, and partners, and the duration and extent to which these factors may impact our future business and operations, results of operations, and financial condition; 
 our ability to navigate shifting macro-economic environments including but not limited to inflation and the potential for recessionary conditions; 
 our ability to accurately anticipate fashion trends and promptly respond to consumer demand; 
 our ability to compete effectively in a highly competitive market; 
 our ability to adapt our business model to rapid changes in the retail industry; 
 supply chain disruptions to product delivery systems and logistics, and our ability to properly manage inventory; 
 our reliance on independent manufacturers to produce and deliver products in a timely manner, especially when faced with adversities such as work stoppages, transportation delays, public health emergencies, social unrest, changes in local economic conditions, and political upheavals as well as their ability to meet our quality standards; 
 our dependence on the retention and hiring of key personnel; 
 our ability to successfully implement growth strategies; 
 changes in trade policies and tariffs imposed by the United States government and the governments of other nations in which we manufacture and sell products; 
 our ability to adequately protect our trademarks and other intellectual property rights; 
 our ability to maintain adequate liquidity when negatively impacted by unforeseen events such as an epidemic or a pandemic, which may cause disruption to our business operations for an indeterminable period of time; 
 legal, regulatory, political, and economic risks that may affect our sales in international markets; 
 changes in U.S. and foreign tax laws that could have an adverse effect on our financial results; 
 additional tax liabilities resulting from audits by various taxing authorities; 
 cybersecurity risks and costs of defending against, mitigating, and responding to data security threats and breaches impacting the Company; 
 our ability to achieve operating results that are consistent with prior financial guidance; and 
 other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 These risks and uncertainties, along with the risk factors discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, should be considered in evaluating any forward-looking statements contained in this report. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, including without limitation, any guidance regarding revenue or earnings, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise. 
 1 

PART I 
 
 ACCESS TO COMPANY REPORTS AND OTHER INFORMATION 
 Steven Madden, Ltd. (collectively, with its subsidiaries, the Company, "we," "our," or "us," as applicable) was incorporated in New York on July 9, 1990, reincorporated under the same name in Delaware in November 1998 and completed its initial public offering in December 1993. 
 We file Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other reports and information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These reports, any amendments to such reports, and our proxy statements for our stockholders' meetings are available free of charge on the "Investor Relations" section of our website, https://www.stevemadden.com/, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. We will provide paper copies of such filings free of charge upon request. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding us, which is available at http://www.sec.gov. 
 We have a Code of Ethics for our Chief Executive Officer and our senior financial officers, as well as a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for members of our Board of Directors, each of which is attached as an exhibit to this Annual Report. We also have a Code of Conduct that is applicable to all of our employees, which is attached as an exhibit to our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2019. Each of these codes is posted on our website at https://investor.stevemadden.com/corporate-governance/highlights. We will provide paper copies of these codes free of charge upon request. We intend to disclose on our website any amendments to, or waivers of, these codes that would otherwise be reportable on a current report on Form 8-K. Such disclosure would be posted within four business days following the date of the amendment or waiver. 
 
 2 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Steven Madden, Ltd. and its subsidiaries design, source, and market fashion-forward branded and private label footwear, accessories, and apparel. We distribute our products in the wholesale channel through department stores, mass merchants, off-price retailers, shoe chains, online retailers, national chains, specialty retailers, independent stores, and clubs throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Europe, and other international markets through our joint ventures in Israel, South Africa, China, Taiwan, Malaysia, and the Middle East along with special distribution arrangements in certain European countries, North Africa, South and Central America, Australia, and various countries in Asia. In addition, our products are distributed through our direct-to-consumer channel within the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Europe, and our joint ventures in Israel, South Africa, China, Taiwan, and the Middle East. 
 Our product lines include a broad range of contemporary styles designed to establish or capitalize on market trends, complemented by core product offerings. We have established a reputation for design creativity and our ability to offer quality, trend-right products at accessible price points, delivered in an efficient manner and time frame. 
 The following is a description of our business as of December 31, 2023. 
 OUR SEGMENTS 
 Wholesale Footwear 
 Our Wholesale Footwear segment designs, sources, and markets our brands and sells our products to department stores, mass merchants, off-price retailers, shoe chains, online retailers, national chains, specialty retailers, independent stores, and clubs throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Europe, and through our joint ventures and international distributor network. Our products are designed and marketed for various lifestyles and include dress shoes, boots, booties, fashion sneakers, sandals, and casual shoes. The Wholesale Footwear segment primarily consists of the following brands: Steve Madden , Dolce Vita , Betsey Johnson , Blondo , GREATS , and Anne Klein . This segment also includes our private label footwear business. This segment represented 52.9 of total revenue during 2023. 
 Wholesale Accessories/Apparel 
 Our Wholesale Accessories/Apparel segment designs, sources, and markets our brands and sells our products to department stores, mass merchants, off-price retailers, online retailers, specialty retailers, independent stores, and clubs throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Europe and through our joint ventures and international distributor network. Our Wholesale Accessories/Apparel business primarily consists of handbags, apparel, small leather goods, belts, soft accessories, fashion scarves, wraps, gifting, and other trend accessories. The Wholesale Accessories/Apparel segment primarily consists of the following brands: Steve Madden , Anne Klein , Betsey Johnson , and Dolce Vita . This segment also includes our private label handbag and accessories business. This segment represented 21.0 of total revenue during 2023. 
 Direct-to-Consumer 
 Our Direct-to-Consumer segment consists of Steve Madden and Dolce Vita full-price retail stores, Steve Madden outlet stores, Steve Madden concessions in international markets, and our directly-operated digital e-commerce websites. We operate retail locations in regional malls and shopping centers, as well as high streets in major cities across the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe, Israel, South Africa, Taiwan, China, and the Middle East. Our stores play an important role in our test-and-react strategy, and also serve as fulfillment and return locations for our e-commerce business. Our stores also serve as a marketing tool that allows us to strengthen global brand recognition and to showcase selected items from our full line of branded and licensed products. In addition to these testing and marketing benefits, we have also been able to leverage sales information gathered at Steve Madden retail stores and our websites to assist our wholesale customers in their order placement and inventory management. We believe that our retail stores and websites enhance overall sales and profitability and our ability to react quickly to changing consumer demands. 
 In 2023, we added 38 brick-and-mortar stores and closed 15 brick-and-mortar stores and one e-commerce site. As of December 31, 2023, we operated 255 brick-and-mortar retail stores, including 181 Steve Madden full-price stores, 71 Steve Madden outlet stores and three Dolce Vita full-price store. In addition, we ended the year with 20 concessions in Taiwan, four concessions in China, and one concession in Portugal, ending the year with 25 Steve Madden concessions in international markets. 
 3 

In addition to our brick-and-mortar stores, our Direct-to-Consumer business offers products online through our e-commerce sites in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe, Israel, South Africa, Asia, and the Middle East. We operate five branded e-commerce sites, which include: www.stevemadden.com, www.dolcevita.com, www.betseyjohnson.com, www.blondo.com, and www.greats.com. This segment represented 25.6 of total revenue during 2023. 
 Licensing 
 Our Licensing segment is engaged in the licensing of the Steve Madden and Betsey Johnson trademarks for use in the sale of select apparel, accessory, and home categories as well as various other non-core products. Most of our license agreements require the licensee to pay us a royalty based on actual revenue, a minimum royalty in the event the specified revenue targets are not achieved and a percentage of sales for brand advertising. 
 Corporate 
 Corporate does not constitute a reportable segment and includes costs not directly attributable to the segments. These costs are primarily related to expenses associated with corporate executives, corporate finance, corporate social responsibility, legal, human resources, information technology, cyber security, and other shared services. 
 For additional information on our segments, refer to Note S Operating Segment Information in the Notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 
 OUR BRANDS 
 Steve Madden. We design, source, and market fashion-forward footwear, accessories, and apparel under the Steve Madden brand. The Steve Madden brand is a leader in the fashion footwear industry with permission from the customer to sell products across most footwear categories including dress shoes, boots, booties, fashion sneakers, and casuals. While the brand appeals to a wide demographic, the core target consumer is 18 to 40 years old. The Steve Madden brand is sold globally, including the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Africa, and Latin America. 
 Dolce Vita. Dolce Vita is a contemporary women's brand known for its effortless style for the modern individual. Dolce Vita is more than just shoes and handbags, it s about creating a community, supporting underrepresented voices, and responsibly building a brand that we can be proud of with every step. The Dolce Vita brand is sold globally, including the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Europe, Israel, Australia, and Indonesia. We acquired the Dolce Vita footwear trademark in August of 2014 and in December 2021, we acquired the remaining intellectual property rights of Dolce Vita including handbags and other accessories. 
 Betsey Johnson. The Betsey Johnson brand is recognized for its unique and original designs both pretty and punk, lots of color, and movement and modernity that embrace girl power at any age. Betsey Johnson footwear and accessories are designed for inclusive, punky, and fiercely independent women with a target age of 25 to 45 yrs. old. The Betsey Johnson brand is primarily sold in the U.S, and in select international markets. We acquired the Betsey Johnson trademark and substantially all other intellectual property of Betsey Johnson LLC in October of 2010. 
 Blondo. The Blondo brand is a 100+ year-old footwear brand recognized for its quality water-resistant leather boots, booties, casual shoes, and sneakers. The Blondo brand is primarily sold in the U.S. and Canada. We acquired the intellectual property and related assets of Blondo in January of 2015. 
 GREATS. The GREATS brand is a Brooklyn-based, digitally native footwear brand founded in 2014 which specializes in premium quality, responsibly made sneakers. The GREATS brand is primarily sold in the U.S. We acquired the GREATS brand in August of 2019. 
 LICENSED BRAND 
 Anne Klein. The Anne Klein brand has a rich heritage going back over 50 years and is recognized for its dedication to timeless American classics. Anne Klein footwear and accessories are sold in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and Israel. In January 2018, we entered into a license agreement with WHP Global for a license to use the Anne Klein , AK Sport , AK Anne Klein Sport , and Lion Head Design (collectively "Anne Klein ") trademarks in connection with the design, marketing, and sale of footwear and accessories. 
 PRODUCT DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT 
 We have established a reputation for our creative designs, marketing, and trend-right products at affordable price points. Our future success will substantially depend on our ability to continue to anticipate and react quickly to changing 
 4 

consumer demands. To meet this objective, we have developed what we believe is an unparalleled design team and process. Our design team strives to create designs that are true to our DNA, reflect current or anticipated trends, and can be manufactured in a timely and cost-effective manner. Most new products are tested in select retail stores and on directly-operated e-commerce websites. Based on these tests, among other things, management selects products that are then offered for wholesale and direct-to-consumer distribution worldwide. We believe that our design and testing processes combined with our flexible sourcing model provide our brands with a significant competitive advantage and allow us to mitigate the risk of incurring costs associated with the production and distribution of less desirable designs. 
 MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLY CHAIN 
 
 We source each of our product lines separately based on the individual design, style, and quality specifications of our various brands and product categories. We do not own or operate any foreign manufacturing facilities; rather, we use agents and our own sourcing offices to source our products from independently owned manufacturers in China, Cambodia, Mexico, Brazil, Italy, Vietnam, India, and other European countries. We have established relationships with a number of manufacturers and agents in each of these countries. We have not entered into any long-term manufacturing or supply contracts. We believe that a sufficient number of alternative sources exist for the manufacture of our products. 
 We continually monitor the availability of the principal raw materials used in our footwear, accessories, and apparel which are currently available from a number of sources in various parts of the world. We track inventory flow on a regular basis, monitor sell-through data, and incorporate input on product demand from wholesale customers. 
 The suppliers and manufacturers of our products are required to adopt our Supplier Code of Conduct 2.0 which specifies that they comply with all local laws and regulations governing human rights, working conditions, anti-corruption laws, restricted substances, and environmental compliance, including animal welfare and conflict minerals, before we conduct business with them. We are committed to working with manufacturers, suppliers, vendors, and agents that share our Company s goal of maintaining socially responsible and sustainable business practices. 
 Our products are manufactured overseas and most of our products are shipped via ocean freight carriers to our third-party distribution facilities in California and to a lesser extent New Jersey, and via truck from Mexico to our third-party distribution facility in Texas. We rely to a lesser extent on air carriers for the shipping of products. Once our products arrive in the U.S., we distribute them mainly from six third-party distribution centers, four located in California, one located in Texas, and one located in New Jersey. Our products are also distributed through a Company-operated distribution center located in Canada and through our third-party distribution facilities in Mexico and Europe. By utilizing distribution facilities specializing in fulfillment for certain wholesale customers and Steve Madden retail stores we believe that our consumers are served in a prompt and efficient manner. Suppliers of products for our businesses in Canada, Mexico, Europe, and our joint ventures in Israel, South Africa, China, Taiwan, Malaysia, and the Middle East ship directly to the respective countries. Products for our overseas distributors are shipped to freight forwarders primarily in China and Mexico where the distributor arranges for subsequent shipment. See Item 1A Risk Factors below for a discussion of the risk of supply chain disruptions. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, our Wholesale and our Direct-to-Consumer businesses generated revenue of approximately 1,464,980 and 506,494, or 73.9 and 25.6 of our total revenue, respectively. Each of these distribution channels is described below. 
 Wholesale. Our products are distributed in our wholesale channel to over 2,000 retailers, including department stores, mass merchants, off-price retailers, shoe chains, online retailers, national chains, specialty retailers, independent stores, and clubs throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Europe, and other international markets through our joint ventures in Israel, South Africa, China, Taiwan, Malaysia, and the Middle East along with special distribution arrangements in certain European countries, North Africa, South and Central America, Australia, and various countries in Asia. Under the terms of the distribution agreements, the distributors and retailers purchase product from us and are generally required to open a minimum number of stores each year and to pay a fee for each pair of footwear purchased and an additional sales royalty as a percentage of sales or a predetermined amount per unit of sale. Most of the distributors are required to purchase a minimum number of our products within specified periods. The agreements currently in place expire on various dates and include automatic renewals at the distributors' option provided certain conditions are met. 
 Our top ten wholesale customers, in no particular order, include: Nordstrom, Macy's, Dillard's, DSW, The TJX Companies, Ross Stores, Burlington Stores, Amazon, Walmart, and Target. 
 5 

For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company did not have any customers who accounted for more than 10 of total revenue. At December 31, 2023, three customers accounted for 16.1 , 12.7 , and 12.4 of total accounts receivable. The Company did not have any other customers who accounted for more than 10 of total accounts receivable. 
 Direct-to-Consumer. Our Direct-to-Consumer segment consists of Steve Madden and Dolce Vita full-price retail stores, Steve Madden outlet stores, Steve Madden concessions in international markets, and our directly-operated digital e-commerce websites. We operate retail locations in regional malls and shopping centers, as well as high streets in major cities across the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe, Israel, South Africa, Taiwan, China, and the Middle East. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we operated 255 brick-and-mortar retail stores, including three Dolce Vita full-price stores and 71 Steve Madden outlet stores, and five e-commerce websites. In addition, we had 25 Steve Madden concessions in international markets. Out of the 255 total brick-and-mortar retail stores, 135 were located outside of the U.S. 
 COMPETITION 
 The fashion industry is highly competitive. We compete with numerous domestic and international footwear, apparel, and accessory companies. Our competitors may have greater financial and other resources than we do. We believe effective marketing, favorable brand image, fashionable styling, high quality, value, and fast manufacturing turnaround are the most important competitive factors, and we intend to continue to employ these elements in our business. However, we cannot be certain that we will be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors, or that competitive pressures will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 MARKETING 
 We have focused on creating a full-funnel marketing strategy that covers all stages of the customer journey, to establish our Company as a leading designer and marketer of fashion footwear, accessories, and apparel for a diverse set of style-conscious consumers. Principal top of funnel marketing activities include digital brand marketing, social media and influencer marketing, experiential events, in-store and online promotions, and public relations focusing primarily on digital product and brand placements, celebrity seeding, as well as public and media appearances by our Founder and Creative and Design Chief, Steve Madden. We foster high value lifetime customer relationships with investments in marketing technology and talent, both in-house and via strategic partnerships with external agencies. We continue to promote our e-commerce websites where customers can purchase Steve Madden , Dolce Vita , Betsey Johnson , Blondo , and GREATS products. 
 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEM (MIS) OPERATIONS 
 Sophisticated information systems are essential to our ability to maintain our competitive position and to support our growth. Our Enterprise Resource Planning ERP system is an integrated system that supports our wholesale business in the areas of finance and accounting, manufacturing-sourcing, purchase order management, customer order management, and inventory control. All of our North American wholesale businesses (other than Canada, which has a separate ERP system) and our Asia sourcing operations are operated through this ERP system. Our warehouse management system is utilized by the majority of our third-party logistics providers and is fully integrated with our ERP system. A point-of-sale system for our U.S. retail stores is integrated with a retail inventory management and store replenishment system. We have transitioned our e-commerce platform to a major cloud-based provider. Complementing all of these systems are ancillary systems and third-party information processing services, including, among others, supply chain, business intelligence, data warehousing, Electronic Data Interchange, credit card processing, human resources, and payroll. We undertake updates of all of these management information systems on a periodic basis in order to ensure that our functionality is continuously improved. 
 INFORMATION SYSTEMS 
 The Company maintains its information technology and security policies, comprised of risk management policies and procedures surrounding the Company s information systems, cybersecurity practices, and protection of confidential information. The Company s Chief Information Security Officer has ultimate oversight of the Company s cyber risk management policies and procedures, and chairs quarterly Information Security Steering Committee meetings, which provides cooperation, collaboration, and consensus driven information security guidance to both the Information Technology Department, and the Company as a whole. Our Chief Information Security Officer oversees our cybersecurity risk management and information security programs and provides quarterly status reports to the Information Security Steering Committee and the Audit Committee. As part of the Company's information security program, all global employees including high-risk users and executives, are required to complete annual training on information security awareness, including cybersecurity, global data privacy requirements, and information technology compliance measures. Certain roles require additional role-based, specialized cybersecurity training, such as tabletop exercises to ensure proactive preparation and effective coordination in the event of a security incident. An annual network and application penetration test is conducted by a reputable external vendor. The 
 6 

outcomes and findings of the penetration testing are shared with the Information Security Steering Committee and the Audit Committee, as well as any steps the Company has taken to mitigate and remediate any identified risks. Additionally, we maintain network security and cyber liability insurance in order to provide a level of financial protection in the event of certain covered cyber losses and data breaches. 
 TRADEMARKS 
 Our strategy for the continued growth of our business includes expanding our presence beyond footwear, accessories, and apparel through the selective licensing of our brands. We consider our company-owned trademarks to be among our most valuable assets, and have registered many of our trademarks in the United States and 149 other countries and in numerous International Classes. From time to time, we adopt new trademarks and new logos and/or stylized versions of our trademarks in connection with the marketing of new product lines. We believe that these trademarks have significant value and are important for purposes of identifying our Company, the marketing of our products and the products of our licensees, and distinguishing them from the products of others. 
 Trademarks we believe to be most significant to our business include: Steve Madden , Madden Girl , Madden NYC , Betsey Johnson , Dolce Vita , and Blondo . We license our Steve Madden and the Betsey Johnson trademark for use in connection with the manufacture, marketing, and sale of select apparel, accessories, and home categories as well as various other non-core products. 
 In addition to the licensing of our trademarks, we in-license the trademarks of third parties for use in connection with certain of our product lines. Generally, these licensing arrangements require us to make advertising payments to the licensor as well as royalty payments equal to a percentage of our revenue and/or a minimum royalty and in some cases additional payments in the event that specified revenue targets are not achieved. 
 For additional information on our licensing arrangements, refer to Note B Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note O Commitments, Contingencies, and Other in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 As of February 1, 2024, we employed approximately 4,200 employees globally, with approximately 2,200 of these employees located in the United States and 2,000 located internationally. Of these employees, approximately 2,900 work full-time and approximately 1,300 work part-time. Most of our part-time employees work in the Direct-to-Consumer segment. None of our employees are represented by a union, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. We have never experienced a material interruption of our operations due to a labor dispute. 
 Culture 
 Steve Madden is for the bold, expressive, and ambitious. Our guiding principles are key to our competitive edge and are embedded throughout all levels of our Company. They motivate our growth, inspire our innovation, define our culture, and set the standard for all of our actions. 
 First things first. Take care of the fundamentals before anything else. 
 It starts with trust. Great teams are built upon trust. We build trust through honesty, care for the greater good, and follow-through. 
 Don t coast . Celebrate success, but don t rest on your laurels. Hustle and grind are what set us apart. 
 Think big and small. Have your eyes on the big picture while obsessing over the details. 
 The customer is our muse. Study our customers, connect with them directly, and always be open to inspiration. 
 Place team ownership over personal ego. The company wins when the team has ownership. Don t let your ego control you. 
 Everyone can be creative. Creativity is about more than making art. It s about seeing around corners, working within limitations, and being original. 
 Progress, not perfection. Act upon good ideas quickly and always be ready to iterate. 
 Career Development 
 In the dynamic world of fashion, it is vital that we support the continuous learning and personal growth of our employees. Our talent development initiatives focus on enhancing internal programs and processes that empower our 
 7 

employees to excel and feel a strong sense of belonging and fulfillment in their roles. Key initiatives include our long-standing professional development relationship with the University of Arizona Global Campus, a comprehensive tuition reimbursement program, leadership and management training, and access to external conferences and workshops that focus on specific industry knowledge. In 2021, we introduced the SM Learning Sessions, a monthly, company-wide initiative that brings together internal and external experts to share knowledge on diverse topics. This program not only enhances skillsets, but also fosters a collaborative and inclusive environment, encouraging cross-departmental interaction and networking. Furthermore, annual performance evaluations and constructive feedback mechanisms are integral to our strategy. By investing in employee development, we aim to create a workplace where employees are not only equipped to meet the challenges of the ever-evolving fashion industry but are also deeply engaged and committed to our long-term success. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 We believe that recruiting, employing, and retaining people from all backgrounds, ethnicities, genders, lifestyles, and belief systems have been the cornerstones of meeting the needs of our diverse consumer base and building a global business. By embracing a diverse and inclusive workplace, we create an environment that offers all our employees opportunities to succeed. We want all our employees to be as successful as they can be and to reach their full potential no matter who they are, where they are from, or what they believe. In the spirit of this core belief, we strive to build an increasingly inclusive culture where all employees feel free to express themselves and have opportunities to grow. A few highlights of our diversity initiatives include: 
 we established a Diversity and Inclusion Council made up of key leaders in our Company to oversee the implementation of our detailed Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Strategic Plan; 
 we added three members to our Board of Directors, each of whom are people of color and bring new perspectives to the highest level of Company leadership; 
 our employees formed three employee resource groups one for Black employees and allies called Black Sole, one for LGBTQ+ employees and allies called SM Pride, and one for Hispanic employees and allies called De La Sole; 
 we launched Tune-In Tuesday, a weekly email of internal job openings to encourage career development and advancement; 
 we signed the Open to All pledge with other major brands and retailers; 
 we joined the Black in Fashion Council; 
 we implemented Company-wide diversity and inclusion training; 
 we sponsored scholarships provided for the country s most talented young students from diverse backgrounds through the Fashion Scholarship Fund; 
 we provided financial support and hands-on retail education programs for Howard University, thereby enhancing the students educational experience and creating a talent pipeline from the university to Steve Madden; and 
 we launched Adaptive Kids footwear, soon to expand to adults, and engaged partners such as Open Style Lab and Runway of Dreams to enhance and promote our adaptive styles along people with disabilities. 
 Employee Wellness 
 At Steve Madden, we prioritize the well-being of our employees, which is why we ve established #SMWellness as a monthly opportunity for our team to invest in themselves. During these sessions, employees can take a break from their work routines to indulge in rejuvenating activities like meditation sessions, soothing back massages, and nutritious snacks. Additionally, we offer financial wellness seminars, health fairs, discounted gym memberships, and on-site discounted food. We also offer an Employee Assistance Program with a range of programs, resources, and tools that can help with various wellness issues. We collaborate with featured vendors to enhance the experience and provide even more ways for our employees to prioritize their wellness. 
 Charitable Giving 
 In December 2021, the Company formed The Steve Madden Corporate Foundation, a donor-advised fund established under Fidelity Charitable and managed by Rockefeller Capital Management. As part of the Company's charitable giving strategy, we made a one million dollar contribution for each of 2023 and 2022, and we have since launched multiple shop-to-give campaigns across our various company-operated e-commerce websites. 
 GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS 
 Our business is subject to various United States federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations, including environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations. In addition, we may incur liability under environmental statutes and 
 8 

regulations with respect to the contamination of sites that we own, or operate, or previously owned, or operated (including contamination caused by prior owners and operators of such sites and neighboring properties, or other persons) and the off-site disposal of hazardous materials. We believe our operations are in compliance with the terms of all applicable laws and regulations and our compliance with these laws and regulations has not had, and is not expected to have, a material effect on our capital expenditures, cash flows, earnings, or competitive position. 
 SEASONALITY AND OTHER FACTORS 
 Our operating results are subject to some variability due to seasonality and other factors. For example, the highest percentage of our boot sales occur in the fall and winter months (our third and fourth fiscal quarters) and the highest percentage of our sandal sales occur in the spring and summer months (our first and second fiscal quarters). Historically, some of our businesses, including our Direct-to-Consumer segment, have experienced holiday retail seasonality. Our diverse range of product offerings, however, provides some mitigation to the impact of seasonal changes in demand for certain items. In addition to seasonal fluctuations, our operating results fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of the weather, the timing of holidays and larger shipments of footwear, market acceptance of our products, pricing and presentation of the products offered and sold, the hiring and training of additional personnel, inventory write-downs for obsolescence, the cost of materials, the product mix among our wholesale, direct-to-consumer and licensing businesses, the incurrence of other operating costs, and factors beyond our control, such as general economic conditions and actions of competitors. Revenue levels in any period are also impacted by customer decisions to increase or decrease their inventory levels in response to anticipated consumer demand. Our customers may cancel orders, change delivery dates, or change the mix of products ordered with minimal notice to us. 
 BACKLOG 
 We had unfilled wholesale customer orders of approximately 533,609 and 500,921, as of February 1, 2024 and February 1, 2023, respectively. Our backlog at a particular time is affected by a number of factors, including seasonality, supply chain lead times, timing of market weeks, and wholesale customer purchases of our core products through our open stock program. Accordingly, a comparison of backlog from period to period may not be indicative of actual future shipments. 
 
 9 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties we describe below and the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before deciding to invest in, sell, or retain shares of our common stock. These are not the only risks and uncertainties that we face. Other sections of this report may discuss factors that could adversely affect our business. Our industry is highly competitive and subject to rapid change. There may be additional risks and uncertainties that we do not currently know about, that we currently believe are immaterial, or that we have not predicted, which may also harm our business, or adversely affect us. If any of these risks or uncertainties actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity could be materially harmed. 
 INDUSTRY RISKS 
 The fashion footwear, accessories, and apparel industry is subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences. If we do not accurately anticipate fashion trends and promptly respond to consumer demand, we could lose sales, our relationships with customers could be harmed, and our brand loyalty could be diminished. 
 The strength of our brands and our success depends in significant part upon our ability to anticipate and promptly respond to product and fashion trends as well as to anticipate, gauge, and react to changing consumer demands in a timely manner. There can be no assurance that our products will correspond to the changes in taste and demand or that we will be able to successfully advertise and market products that respond to trends and customer preferences. If we misjudge the market for our products, we may be faced with significant excess inventories for some products and missed opportunities as to others. In addition, misjudgments in merchandise selection could adversely affect our image with our customers resulting in lower sales and increased markdown allowances for customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 We face intense competition from both established companies and newer entrants into the market. Our failure to compete effectively could cause our market share to decline, which could harm our reputation and have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 The fashion footwear, accessories, and apparel industry is highly competitive and barriers to entry are low. Our competitors include specialty companies as well as companies with diversified product lines. Market growth in the sales of fashion footwear, accessories, and apparel has encouraged the entry of many new competitors and increased competition from established companies. Many of these competitors, including Aldo, Sam Edelman, Lucky Brand, and Vince Camuto, may have significantly greater financial and other resources than we do, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully with these and other fashion footwear, accessories, and apparel companies. Increased competition could result in pricing pressures, increased marketing expenditures, and loss of market share and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 If we and the retailers that are our customers are unable to adapt to recent and anticipated changes in the retail industry, the sales of our products may decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 In recent years, the retail industry has experienced consolidation and other ownership changes. In the future, retailers in the United States and in foreign markets may further consolidate, undergo restructurings or reorganizations, or realign their affiliations, any of which could decrease the number of stores that carry our licensees products, or increase the ownership concentration within the retail industry. Changing shopping patterns, including the rapid expansion of online retail shopping and the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic, have adversely affected customer traffic in mall and outlet centers, particularly in North America. We expect competition in the e-commerce market will intensify. As a greater portion of consumer expenditures with retailers occurs online and through mobile commerce applications, our brick-and-mortar retail customers who fail to successfully integrate their physical retail stores, and digital retail may experience financial difficulties, including store closures, bankruptcies, or liquidations. A continuation or worsening of these trends could cause financial difficulties for one or more of our major customers, which, in turn, could substantially increase our credit risk and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We have little or no control over how our customers will respond to the challenges posed by these changes in the retail industry. Our success will be determined, in part, on our and our customers ability to manage the impact of the rapidly changing retail environment and identify and capitalize on retail trends, including technology, e-commerce, artificial intelligence, and other process efficiencies, or advanced technologies that will better service our customers. If we and our customers fail to compete successfully, our businesses, market share, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 10 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR COMPANY 
 The loss of Steve Madden, our Founder and Creative and Design Chief, or members of our executive management team could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 The growth and success of our Company since its inception more than a quarter century ago is attributable, to a significant degree, to the talents, skills, and efforts of our Founder and Creative and Design Chief, Steven Madden. An extended or permanent loss of the services of Mr. Madden could severely disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our Company. We also depend on the contributions of the members of our senior management team. Our senior executives have substantial experience and expertise in our business and industry and have made significant contributions to our growth and success. Competition for executive talent in the fashion footwear, accessories, and apparel industries is intense. While our employment agreements with Mr. Madden and most of our senior executives include a non-compete provision in the event of the termination of employment, the non-compete periods are of limited duration and scope and the enforceability of such non-compete provisions are subject to existing and future laws. Although we believe we have depth within our senior management team, if we were to lose the services of Mr. Madden or any of our senior executives, and especially if any of these individuals were to join a competitor or form a competing company, our business and financial performance could be seriously harmed. A loss of the skills, industry knowledge, contacts, and expertise of Mr. Madden or any of our senior executives could cause a setback to our operating plan and strategy. 
 If we are not successful in implementing our growth strategy or integrating acquired businesses, we may not be able to take advantage of certain market opportunities and may become less competitive. 
 Our business has grown organically and as a result of business acquisitions. In order to gain from our acquisitions, we must be effective in integrating the businesses acquired into our overall operations. Further, the expansion of our operations has increased and will continue to increase the demand on our managerial, operational, and administrative resources. In recent years, we have invested significant resources in, among other things, our management information systems and hiring and training of new personnel. However, in order to manage currently anticipated levels of future demand, we may be required to, among other things, expand our distribution facilities, establish relationships with new manufacturers to produce our products and continue to expand and improve our financial, management, and operating systems. We may experience difficulty integrating acquired businesses into our operations and may not achieve anticipated synergies from such integration. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage future growth effectively and a failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 If one or more of our significant customers were to reduce or stop purchases of our products, our sales and profits could decline. 
 The retailers that are our customers consist principally of department stores, mass merchants, off-price retailers, shoe chains, online retailers, national chains, specialty retailers, independent stores, and clubs. Certain of our department store customers, including some under common ownership, account for significant portions of our wholesale business. We generally enter into a number of purchase order commitments with our customers for each of our lines every season and do not enter into long-term agreements with any of our customers. Therefore, a decision by a significant customer, whether motivated by competitive conditions, financial difficulties, or otherwise, to decrease the amount of merchandise purchased from us or to change its manner of doing business could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 Our financial results are subject to quarterly fluctuations. 
 Our results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and are affected by a variety of factors, including: 
 the timing of larger shipments of products; 
 market acceptance of our products; 
 the mix, pricing, and presentation of the products offered and sold; 
 the hiring and training of additional personnel; 
 inventory write-downs for obsolescence; 
 the cost of materials; 
 the product mix between wholesale, retail, and licensing businesses; 
 the incurrence of other operating costs; 
 factors beyond our control, such as health pandemics, general economic conditions, declines in consumer confidence, and actions of competitors; 
 11 

the timing of holidays; and 
 weather conditions. 
 In addition, we expect that our sales and operating results may be significantly impacted by the opening of new retail stores, and the introduction of new products. Accordingly, the results of operations in any quarter will not necessarily be indicative of the results that may be achieved for a full fiscal year or any future quarter. 
 Extreme or unseasonable weather conditions in locations where we or our customers and suppliers are located could adversely affect our business. 
 Our corporate headquarters and principal operational locations, including retail, distribution, and warehousing facilities, may be subject to natural disasters and other severe weather, geological events, and climate-change related risks (including resource scarcity, rationing or unexpected costs from increases in fuel or raw material prices that may be caused by severe weather conditions) that could disrupt our operations. The occurrence of such natural events may result in sudden disruptions in business conditions of the local economies affected, as well as of the regional and global economies. Such disruptions may result in decreased demand for our products and disruptions in our management functions, sales channels and manufacturing and distribution networks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Extreme weather events and changes in weather patterns can also influence customer trends and shopping habits. Extended periods of unseasonably warm temperatures during the winter season or cool weather during the summer season may diminish demand for our seasonal merchandise. Heavy snowfall, hurricanes, or other severe weather events where our retail stores and the retail stores of our wholesale customers are located may decrease customer traffic in those stores and reduce our sales and profitability. There is growing concern that climate change may increase both the frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions and natural disasters. Any of these events could result in decreased demand for our products and disruptions in our sales channels and manufacturing and distribution networks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We extend credit to most of our wholesale customers, and their failure to pay for products shipped to them could adversely affect our financial results. 
 We extend credit to our wholesale customers based on an evaluation of each customer's financial condition, usually without collateral. Various retailers, including some of our customers, have experienced financial difficulties, which has increased the risk of extending credit to such retailers. Even though we seek to mitigate the risks of extending credit by factoring most of our accounts receivable and obtaining letters of credit, or credit insurance for others, if any of our customers were to experience a shortage of liquidity, the risk that the customer's outstanding payables to us not being paid could cause us to curtail business with the customer, or require us to assume more credit risk relating to the customer's accounts payable. 
 Our stock price may fluctuate substantially if our operating results are inconsistent with our forecasts or those of analysts who follow us. 
 One of our primary business objectives is to maximize the long-term strength, growth, and profitability of our Company, rather than to achieve an earnings target in any particular fiscal quarter. We believe that this longer-term goal is in our best interests and those of our stockholders. The trading price of our common stock periodically may rise or fall based on the accuracy of forecasts of our future performance. Our actual results may differ from our forecasts as the guidance is based on assumptions and expectations that may or may not come to pass. As such, we assume no responsibility to update any of our forward-looking statements at such times or otherwise. If and when we announce actual results that differ from our forecast and guidance, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected. Investors who rely on these forecasts in making investment decisions with respect to our common stock do so at their own risk. We take no responsibility for any losses suffered as a result of changes in the price of our common stock. 
 In addition, outside securities analysts may follow our financial results and issue reports that discuss our historical financial results and their predictions of our future performance. These analysts' predictions are based upon their own opinions and could be different from our own forecasts. Our stock price could decline if our results are below the estimates or expectations of these outside analysts. 
 12 

FOREIGN SOURCING RISKS 
 Disruptions to our product delivery systems and failure to effectively manage inventory based on business trends across various distribution channels could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 Our products are manufactured overseas and most of our products are shipped via ocean freight carriers. The trend-focused nature of the fashion industry and the rapid changes in customer preferences leave us vulnerable to the risk of inventory obsolescence. Our reliance upon ocean freight transportation for the delivery of our inventory exposes us to various inherent risks, including port congestion, severe weather conditions, natural disasters, and terrorism, any of which could result in delivery delays and inefficiencies, increase our costs, and disrupt our business. 
 Any severe and prolonged disruption to ocean freight transportation could force us to rely on alternate and more expensive transportation methods. Efficient and timely inventory deliveries and proper inventory management are important factors in our operations. Inventory shortages can adversely affect the timing of shipments to customers and diminish sales and brand loyalty. Conversely, excess inventories can result in lower gross profit due to the increased discounts and markdowns that may be necessary to reduce high inventory levels. Severe and extended delays in the delivery of our inventory or our inability to effectively manage our inventory could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 Global inflation has also contributed to higher freight costs, which negatively affected our gross margin and profitability in the year ended December 31, 2023 and may continue to have a negative effect on our future operating results and profitability. 
 Our reliance on foreign manufacturers to provide materials, or produce our goods in a timely manner, or to meet our quality standards could cause problems if we experience a supply chain disruption and we are unable to secure an alternative source of raw materials or end products. 
 We do not own or operate any foreign manufacturing facilities, and, therefore, are dependent upon third parties to manufacture all of our products. During 2023, 79 of our total purchases were manufactured in China. We also have no long-term manufacturing, or supply contracts with any of our suppliers, or manufacturers for the production and supply of our raw materials and products, and we compete with other companies for raw materials and production space. The risks inherent in the reliance on foreign manufacturing include work stoppages, transportation delays, public health emergencies, social unrest, changes in local economic and political conditions, and geopolitical conditions. 
 We have experienced, and may in the future experience, a significant disruption in the supply of raw materials and products and may be unable to locate alternative suppliers of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all. In addition, if we experience significant increased demand, or if we need to replace an existing supplier or manufacturer, we may be unable to locate additional supplies of raw materials or additional manufacturing capacity on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, or we may be unable to locate any supplier or manufacturer with sufficient capacity to meet our requirements or fill our orders in a timely manner. Identifying a suitable supplier is an involved process that requires us to become satisfied with its quality control, responsiveness, and service, financial stability, and labor, and other ethical practices. Even if we are able to expand existing or find new manufacturing sources, we may encounter delays in production, and added costs as a result of the time it takes to train our suppliers and manufacturers in our methods, products, and quality control standards. 
 Our supply of raw materials or manufacture of our products could be disrupted or delayed by the impact of health pandemics, and the related government and private sector responsive actions such as border closures, restrictions on product shipments, and travel restrictions. Delays related to supplier changes could also arise due to an increase in shipping times if new suppliers are located farther away from our markets or from other participants in our supply chain. For example, the receipt of inventory sourced from areas impacted by COVID-19 was, in some cases, slowed or disrupted and our manufacturers faced similar challenges in receiving raw materials and fulfilling our orders. In addition, ocean freight was disrupted worldwide due to COVID-19 as there was much greater demand for shipping and reduced capacity and equipment in the post-pandemic recovery period. Any delays, interruption, or increased costs in the supply of raw materials, or manufacture of our products could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet customer demand for our products and have a material negative effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 Changes in trade policies and tariffs imposed by the United States government and the governments of other nations could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Our operations are dependent upon products purchased, manufactured, and sold internationally. Our sources of supply are subject to the usual risks of doing business abroad, such as the implementation of, or potential changes in, foreign and 
 13 

domestic trade policies, increases in import duties, anti-dumping measures, quotas, safeguard measures, trade restrictions, restrictions on the transfer of funds and, in certain parts of the world, political instability and terrorism. 
 Changes in regulatory, geopolitical, social, economic, or monetary policies and other factors may have a material adverse effect on our business in the future or may require us to exit a particular market or significantly modify our current business practices within that market. For example, in recent years both the U.S. and China have imposed new tariffs on each other related to the importation of certain product categories, including imports of select footwear, accessories, and apparel into the U.S. from China. If the U.S. decides to impose additional tariffs on footwear, accessories, apparel, or any other of our goods imported from China, there can be no assurance that we will be able to offset all related increased costs. This potential increase in costs could be material to our business operations because approximately 79 of our products are currently sourced from China. We cannot predict if, and to what extent, there will be changes to international trade agreements or the resulting impact of any such changes on our business operations. 
 On December 31, 2020, the Generalized System of Preferences ("GSP") expired. GSP is a trade program that provides nonreciprocal, duty-free treatment for certain U.S. imports (including handbags) from qualifying developing countries including Cambodia, Myanmar, Thailand, Indonesia, Sri Lanka, the Philippines, and Pakistan, among others. We currently manufacture handbags in GSP countries, primarily Cambodia. The additional tariff to be paid on such products ranges from approximately 6 to 20 . GSP has historically been renewed, despite lapsing several times, and upon renewal has been retroactive in nature. There is a current debate in Congress to reauthorize the program as is or revise GSP eligibility criteria to include environmental and labor conditions. If GSP is not renewed and our efforts to mitigate the impact of this additional tariff are not successful, the imposition of tariffs on handbags that we manufacture in impacted countries could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 If our manufacturers, the manufacturers used by our licensees, or our licensees themselves fail to use acceptable labor practices or to otherwise comply with local laws and other standards, our business reputation could suffer. 
 Our products are manufactured by numerous independent manufacturers outside of the United States. We also have license agreements that permit our licensees to manufacture or contract to manufacture products using our trademarks. We impose, and require our licensees to impose, on these manufacturers environmental, health and safety standards for the benefit of their labor force. In addition, we require these manufacturers to comply with applicable standards for product safety. However, we do not control our independent manufacturers, or licensing partners, or their labor, product safety, and other business practices. From time to time, our independent manufacturers may not comply with such standards or applicable local law or our licensees may not require their manufacturers to comply with such standards or applicable local law. The violation of such standards and laws by one of our independent manufacturers or by one of our licensing partners, or the divergence of a manufacturer's or a licensing partner's labor practices from those generally accepted as ethical in the United States, could harm our reputation, result in a product recall or require us to curtail our relationship with and locate a replacement for such manufacturer or licensee. We could also be the focus of adverse publicity and our reputation could be damaged. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 GLOBAL BUSINESS RISKS 
 Geopolitical tensions in the regions in which we operate and any related challenging macroeconomic conditions globally may materially and adversely affect our customers, vendors, and partners, and the duration and extent to which these factors may impact our future business and operations, results of operations, and financial condition remains uncertain. 
 On October 7, 2023, Hamas, a U.S. designated terrorist organization, launched a series of coordinated attacks from the Gaza Strip onto Israel. On October 8, 2023, Israel formally declared war on Hamas, and the armed conflict is ongoing as of the date of this filing. Hostilities between Israel and Hamas could escalate and involve surrounding countries in the Middle East, a region in which we operate. Although the length, impact, and outcome of the military conflict between Israel and Hamas are highly unpredictable, this conflict could lead to significant market and other disruptions, including significant disruptions to the operations of our joint ventures in Israel and the Middle East, instability in financial markets, supply chain disruptions, political and social instability and other material and adverse effects on the macroeconomic conditions. At this time, it is not possible to predict or determine the ultimate consequence of this regional conflict. The conflict between Hamas and Israel and its broader impacts could have a lasting effect on the short- and long-term operations and financial condition of our business and the global economy. 
 14 

Our global operations expose us to a variety of legal, regulatory, political, and economic risks that may adversely impact our results of operations in certain regions. 
 As a result of our international operations, we are subject to risks associated with our operations in international markets as a result of a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These risks include, among other things: 
 the challenge of managing broadly dispersed foreign operations; 
 inflationary pressures and economic changes or volatility in foreign economies; 
 the burdens of complying with the laws and regulations of both U.S. and foreign jurisdictions; 
 additional or increased customs duties, tariffs, taxes, and other charges on imports or exports; 
 political corruption or instability; 
 geopolitical regional conflicts, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil strife, and acts of war; 
 local business practices that do not conform to U.S. legal or ethical guidelines; 
 anti-American sentiment in foreign countries in which we operate; 
 delays in receipts of our products at our distribution centers due to labor unrest, increasing security requirements, or other factors at U.S. or foreign ports; 
 significant fluctuations in the value of the dollar against foreign currencies; 
 increased difficulty in protecting our intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions; 
 restrictions on the transfer of funds between the U.S. and foreign nations; and 
 natural disasters or health epidemics in areas in which our businesses, customers, suppliers, and licensees are located. 
 All of these factors could disrupt our operations or limit the countries in which we sell or source our products, significantly increase the cost of operating in or obtaining materials originating from certain countries, result in decreased revenues, and materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits the payment of bribes to foreign officials to assist in obtaining or retaining business. We are also subject to anti-corruption laws of the foreign countries in which we operate. Although we have implemented policies and procedures that are designed to promote compliance with such laws, our employees, contractors, and agents may take actions that violate our policies and procedures. Any such violation could result in sanctions or other penalties against us and have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, and operating results. 
 Our business is exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. 
 We make most of our purchases in U.S. dollars. However, we source substantially all of our products overseas, and as such, the cost of these products may be affected by changes in the value of the relevant currencies against the U.S. dollar. Changes in currency exchange rates may also affect the relative prices at which we and our foreign competitors sell products in the same market. We use forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge material exposure to adverse changes in foreign exchange rates. However, no hedging strategy can completely insulate us from foreign exchange risk. We are also exposed to gains and losses resulting from the effect that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have on the reported results in our financial statements due to the translation of the operating results and financial position of our foreign subsidiaries. There can be no assurance that foreign currency fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. See Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk below for additional information regarding our foreign exchange risk. 
 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RISKS 
 Disruption of our information technology systems and websites could adversely affect our financial results and our business reputation. 
 We are heavily dependent upon our information technology systems to record and process transactions and manage and operate all aspects of our business. We also have e-commerce websites for direct retail sales. 
 Given the nature of our business and the significant number of transactions in which we engage annually, it is essential that we maintain constant operation of our information technology systems and websites and that they operate effectively. We depend on our in-house information technology, employees and third parties, including cloud service providers, to maintain and periodically update and upgrade our systems and websites to support the growth of our business. We also maintain off-site server data facilities that record and process information regarding our vendors and customers and their transactions with us. 
 15 

Our information technology systems and websites may, from time to time, be vulnerable to damage or interruption from events such as computer viruses, security breaches, power outages, and difficulties in replacing or integrating the systems of acquired businesses. Any such problems or interruptions could result in loss of valuable business data, our customers' or employees' personal information, disruption of our operations, and other adverse impacts to our business and require significant expenditures by us to remediate any such failure, problem, or breach. In addition, we must comply with increasingly complex regulatory standards enacted to protect business and personal data and an inability to maintain compliance with these regulatory standards could subject us to legal risks and penalties. Although we maintain disaster recovery centers and insurance coverage aimed at addressing certain of these risks, there can be no assurance that insurance coverage will be available, or that the amounts of coverage will be adequate to cover a specific loss. 
 Our business and reputation could be adversely affected if our computer systems, or the systems of our business partners, or service providers, become subject to a data security, or privacy breach, or other disruption from a third party. 
 In addition to our own confidential and proprietary business information, a routine part of our business includes the gathering, processing, and retention of sensitive and confidential information pertaining to our customers, employees, and others. We, our business partners, or our service providers may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent the rapidly evolving and complex cyber-attacks being unleashed by increasingly sophisticated hackers and data thieves. As a result, our facilities and information technology systems, as well as those of our business partners and third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to cyber-attacks and breaches, acts of vandalism, ransomware, software viruses and other similar types of malicious activities. Any actual or threatened cyber-attack may cause us to incur unanticipated costs, including costs related to the hiring of additional computer experts, business interruption, engaging third-party cyber security consultants, and upgrading our information security technologies. As a result of recent security breaches at a number of prominent companies, the media and public scrutiny of information security and privacy has become more intense and the regulatory environment has become more uncertain. Any compromise or breach of our information technology systems or those of our business partners or service providers that results in the misappropriation, loss, or other unauthorized disclosure of a customer s or other person s private, confidential, or proprietary information could result in: 
 a loss of confidence in us by our customers and business partners; 
 violate applicable privacy and other laws; 
 expose us to litigation and significant potential liability; or 
 require us to expend significant resources to remedy any such breach and redress any damages cause by such a breach. 
 We must also comply with increasingly rigorous regulatory standards for the protection of business and personal data enacted in the U.S., Europe, and elsewhere. Some examples include the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"), and the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"). These regulations impose additional obligations on companies concerning the handling of personal data and provides certain individual privacy rights to persons whose data is stored. Our compliance with existing, proposed, and recently enacted laws (including implementation of the privacy and process enhancements required by these regulations) and regulations can be costly. Any failure by us to comply with these regulatory standards could subject us to significant legal, financial, and reputational harm. We did not have any material cases of information security breaches in the last three years, and we have not incurred any material expenses from security breaches, penalties, or settlements during this period. 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RISKS 
 Failure to adequately protect our trademarks and intellectual property rights, to prevent counterfeiting of our products, or to defend claims against us related to our trademarks and intellectual property rights could reduce sales and adversely affect the value of our brands. 
 We believe that our trademarks and other proprietary rights are of major significance to our success and our competitive position, and we consider some of our trademarks, such as Steve Madden , to be integral to our business and among our most valuable assets. Accordingly, we devote substantial resources to the establishment and protection of our trademarks on a worldwide basis. Nevertheless, policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult, expensive, and time consuming. There can be no assurance that the actions we take to establish and protect our trademarks and other proprietary rights will be adequate to prevent imitation of our products by others or to prevent others from seeking to block sales of our products on the basis that our products violate the trademarks or other proprietary rights of others. Moreover, no assurance can be given that others will not assert rights in, or ownership of, trademarks and other proprietary rights of ours or that we will be able to successfully resolve such conflicts. We could incur substantial costs in legal actions relating to our use of intellectual property or the use of our intellectual property by others. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries may not 
 16 

protect proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Our failure to establish and protect such proprietary rights from unlawful and improper use could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 A portion of our revenue is dependent on licensing our trademarks. The actions of our licensees or the loss of a significant licensee could diminish our brand integrity and adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. 
 We license to others the rights to produce and market certain products that are sold under our trademarks. Although we retain significant control over our licensees products and advertising, our licensees have operational and financial control over their businesses. If the quality, image, or distribution of our licensed products diminish, customer acceptance of and demand for our brands and products could decline. This could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. In fiscal year 2023, approximately 63 of our net royalties were derived from our top five licensed product lines. A decrease in customer demand for any of these product lines could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, if we are unable to engage an adequate replacement for a terminated licensee or to engage such a replacement for an extended period, our revenues and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 Changes in economic conditions may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 Our opportunities for long-term growth and profitability are accompanied by significant challenges and risks, particularly in the near term. Specifically, our business is dependent on consumer demand for our products and the purchase of our products by consumers is largely discretionary. Consumer confidence and discretionary spending could be adversely affected in response to financial market volatility, negative financial news, increases in inflation, and interest rates, conditions in the real estate and mortgage markets, declines in income or asset values, changes to fuel and other energy costs, labor and healthcare costs, food costs, and other economic factors. A downturn in economic conditions leading to a reduction in consumer confidence and discretionary spending could have a negative effect on our sales and results of operations during the year ending December 31, 2024 and thereafter. 
 Litigation or other legal proceedings could divert management resources and result in costs that adversely affect our operating results from quarter to quarter. 
 We are involved in various claims, litigation, and other legal and regulatory proceedings and governmental investigations that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and such other proceedings and investigations, we cannot predict with accuracy the ultimate outcome of any such matters. An unfavorable outcome could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, and the amount of insurance coverage we maintain to address such matters may be inadequate to cover those claims. In addition, any significant litigation, investigation or proceeding, regardless of its merits, could divert financial and management resources that would otherwise be used to benefit our operations. See Item 3 Legal Proceedings, below for additional information regarding legal proceedings in which we are involved. 
 We may be subject to additional tax liabilities as a result of audits by various taxing authorities. 
 We are subject to the tax laws and regulations of numerous jurisdictions as a result of our international operations. These tax laws and regulations are highly complex and significant judgment and specialized expertise is required in evaluating and estimating our worldwide provision for income taxes. We are subject to audit by the taxing authorities in each jurisdiction where we conduct our business and any one of these jurisdictions may assess additional taxes against us as a result of an audit. The final determination with respect to any tax audits, and any related litigation, could be different from our estimates or from our historical tax provisions and accruals. The outcome of any audit or audit-related litigation could have a material adverse effect on our operating results or cash flows in the periods for which that determination is made and may require a restatement of prior financial reports. In addition, future period earnings may be adversely impacted by litigation costs, settlement payments, or interest or penalty assessments. 
 Changes in tax laws could have an adverse effect upon our financial results. 
 We are subject to income taxation in various jurisdictions in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, in any jurisdiction are subject to significant changes. Legislation or other changes in the tax laws of the jurisdictions where we do business could increase our tax liability and adversely affect our after-tax profitability. Adjustments to the incremental provisional tax expense may be made in future periods as actual amounts may differ due to, among other factors, a change in interpretation of the U.S. tax code, and related tax accounting guidance, 
 17 

changes in assumptions made in developing these estimates, regulatory guidance that may be issued with respect to the applicable revisions to the U.S. tax code, and state tax implications. 
 Other jurisdictions are contemplating changes or have unpredictable enforcement activity. Increases in applicable tax rates, implementation of new taxes, changes in applicable tax laws and interpretations of these tax laws and actions by tax authorities in jurisdictions in which we operate could reduce our after-tax income and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Any failure to maintain effective internal control over our financial reporting could materially adversely affect us. 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to include in our annual reports on Form 10-K an assessment by management of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow management and our independent registered public accounting firm to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Our compliance with Section 404 may require us to incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management efforts. Our failure to maintain effective internal controls could result in a determination by our auditors that a material weakness or significant deficiency exists in our internal controls. Such a determination could result in a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements and could require us to restate our quarterly or annual financial statements. These factors could, in turn, negatively affect the price of our common stock. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 
 The Company employs a comprehensive, cross-departmental approach to continuously assess, identify, and manage potential cybersecurity risks. Our cybersecurity risk management program involves collaboration between our employees, the information technology IT security team, which is led by our Chief Information Security Officer CISO ), the Information Security Steering Committee ("ISSC ), which is chaired by our CISO and comprised of executive and senior representatives from key corporate functions as overseen by the Board of Directors, primarily through the Audit Committee. The Company s cybersecurity policies, standards, processes, and practices are integrated into the Company s overall risk management program and we regularly consider cybersecurity risks in the context of material risks to the Company. 
 Our cybersecurity risk management program categorizes cybersecurity risks into five areas: identify, protect, detect, respond, and recover. We regularly assess the cybersecurity threat landscape, employing a layered cybersecurity strategy that emphasizes prevention, detection, and mitigation through a variety of technical and operational measures. As a part of our cybersecurity risk management program, our information security program is tailored to address identified risks, while aligning with pertinent business requirements. 
 We foster a shared responsibility for the Company s cybersecurity with all of our employees, conducting periodic phishing simulation campaigns and providing regular, mandatory cybersecurity training to enhance awareness and readiness against potential cyber threats. Certain roles require additional role-based, specialized cybersecurity training, such as tabletop exercises to ensure proactive preparation and effective coordination in the event of a security incident. We engage a third-party to conduct annual tabletop exercises in order to rehearse our incident response plan, as well as to identify and prioritize opportunities for improvement within our cybersecurity program and associated security controls, through a customized simulation specifically tailored to our current environment, processes, and procedures. To protect our data and information systems, we maintain Company-wide cybersecurity policies and procedures regarding encryption standards, antivirus protection, remote access, multifactor authentication, confidential information, and internet, social media, email, and wireless device usage. Our IT security team reviews and updates such policies and procedures to adapt to evolving cybersecurity landscapes, industry best practices, and regulatory and statutory updates. Our CISO conducts thorough reviews of these updates at least annually to ensure their continued relevance and effectiveness in safeguarding the Company s assets and business interests. 
 We continually seek to update our IT security, encompassing end-user training, layered defenses, critical asset identification and protection, enhanced monitoring and alerting, and engagement with third-party experts to evaluate the efficacy of our security measures. We engage reputable third parties to assist in the monitoring, protection, detection, and potential remediation of cybersecurity threats and incidents. We also regularly evaluate cybersecurity risks associated with our 
 18 

use of third-party service providers, conducting an annual review of hosted applications and assessing their cybersecurity preparedness. Risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of previous cybersecurity incidents encountered by the Company and known incidents encountered by third parties with a connection to the Company, have not materially affected, and are not currently viewed as reasonably likely to materially affect our Company, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 Governance 
 
 Management 
 
 Our CISO is primarily responsible for the assessment and management of the Company s material cybersecurity risks and the related cybersecurity risk management policies and procedures. Our CISO oversees our cybersecurity risk management and information security programs and provides quarterly status reports to the ISSC and the Audit Committee. Our CISO possesses over 24 years of experience in various technology, cybersecurity operations, and engineering roles, holds a bachelor s degree in computer information science and a master s degree in technology management, earned a CISO Certificate from Carnegie Mellon University, and is ISC2 CISSP certified. 
 Other key members of management assist our CISO in the oversight of cybersecurity risk management through their membership in the ISSC, which is chaired by our CISO and is comprised of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Information Officer, General Counsel, President of Direct-to-Consumer, and Global Digital, Privacy Counsel, and our Vice President of Internal Audit. The ISSC reviews and discusses comprehensive quarterly and annual reports from our CISO and the IT security team in order to provide cooperation, collaboration, and consensus driven information security guidance to the IT department and the Company as whole. 
 We have also established an Incident Response Team (the IRT ), which is composed of individuals from our various IT and managerial functions and consults with members of internal departments, as needed, to identify and assess security incidents, including the impact and severity of such incidents. Upon the identification of a security incident, the IRT performs an impact analysis and then determines the appropriate course of action, which may include escalation to the ISSC. Upon consultation with the ISSC and consideration of the relevant risks, the IRT will determine whether the incident should be communicated to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 Board of Directors 
 
 The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors has responsibility for oversight of information and cybersecurity risks and assessment of cyber threats and defenses, and it oversees management to ensure that the processes designed, implemented, and maintained with respect to such risks are functioning as intended and adapted when necessary to respond to changes in our strategy, as well as emerging risks. Given the importance of information security and cybersecurity to our stakeholders, our Audit Committee reviews quarterly reports from our CISO regarding the Company s cybersecurity strategies for mitigating known risks, any newly-identified risks, existing projects, and key performance insights and engages in discussions with management based on such reports and other recent developments. 
 19 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We lease space for our headquarters, retail stores, showrooms, warehouses, storage, and office facilities in various locations in the United States, as well as overseas. All of our locations are leased, with an exception of one improved real property parcel in Long Island City, New York, which we own. We believe that our existing facilities are in good operating condition and are adequate for our present level of operations. The following table sets forth the location, use, segment, and size of the Company's principal properties as of December 31, 2023. 
 Location Use Segment Approximate Square Feet Montreal, Canada Offices, warehouse Wholesale Footwear 173,300 Dongguan, China Offices and sample production Wholesale Footwear 154,900 Long Island City, NY Executive offices and sample factory Corporate (1) 
 111,000 New York, NY Offices and showroom, Schwartz Benjamin Wholesale Footwear 29,800 New York, NY Offices and showroom, Accessories Wholesale Accessories/Apparel 27,200 Nieuwkuijk, Netherlands Offices and showroom Wholesale Footwear 23,800 New York, NY Offices and showroom Wholesale Accessories/Apparel 17,600 Renton, WA Topline office Wholesale Footwear 14,200 New York, NY Offices and showroom Wholesale Footwear 10,000 Renton, WA Topline office Wholesale Footwear 9,500 Putian City, China Offices Wholesale Footwear 8,700 Long Island City, NY Storage Corporate (1) 
 7,200 Le n, Mexico Offices Wholesale Footwear 6,400 Mexico City, Mexico Offices, SM Mexico Wholesale Footwear and Wholesale Accessories/Apparel 5,700 (1) Corporate does not constitute a reportable segment. 
 In addition to the above properties, the Company occupies 255 leased full price and outlet brick-and-mortar locations. These leases expire at various times through fiscal year 2034. All of our retail stores are leased pursuant to leases that, under their original terms, extend for an average of five years. Many of the leases contain rent escalation clauses to compensate for increases in operating costs and real estate taxes over the base year. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 In the ordinary course of business, we have various pending cases involving contractual disputes, employee-related matters, distribution matters, product liability claims, intellectual property infringement, and other matters. In the opinion of management, after consulting with legal counsel, the liabilities, if any, resulting from these legal proceedings should not have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

20 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 in thousands, except for holders of record, beneficial owners, and per share data) 
 Market Information. Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market since August 1, 2007 under the trading symbol SHOO and was previously traded on the NASDAQ National Market. 
 Holders. As of February 22, 2024, there were 154 holders of record and 33,453 beneficial owners of our common stock. 
 Dividends. Beginning in the first quarter of 2018, we began paying a quarterly cash dividend on our outstanding shares of common stock. At the end of March 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and as a precautionary measure, our Board of Directors temporarily suspended the payment of dividends. In February 2021, our Board of Directors approved the reinstatement of a quarterly cash dividend. A quarterly cash dividend of 0.21 per share on our outstanding shares of common stock was paid on March 25, 2022, June 24, 2022, September 26, 2022, and December 30, 2022. The aggregate cash dividend paid for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was 66,005. A quarterly cash dividend of 0.21 per share on our outstanding shares of common stock was paid on March 24, 2023, June 23, 2023, September 25, 2023, and December 29, 2023. The aggregate cash dividend paid for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 was 63,177. In February 2024, our Board of Directors approved the quarterly dividend of 0.21 per share payable on March 22, 2024 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 8, 2024. The payment of future dividends will be subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be contingent upon future earnings, our financial condition, capital requirements, general business conditions, and other factors. Therefore, we can give no assurance that dividends of any kind will be paid to holders of our common stock in the future. 
 Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities. Our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program (the Share Repurchase Program ), effective as of January 1, 2004. The Share Repurchase Program does not have a fixed expiration or termination date and may be modified or terminated by the Board of Directors at any time. On several occasions the Board of Directors has increased the amount authorized for repurchase of our common stock. On November 2, 2021, the Board of Directors approved an increase in the Company's share repurchase authorization of approximately 200,000, bringing the total authorization to 250,000, which included the amount remaining under the prior authorization. The Share Repurchase Program permits us to effect repurchases from time to time through a combination of open market repurchases or in privately negotiated transactions at such prices and times as are determined to be in our best interest. In the middle of March 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, as a precautionary measure the Board of Directors temporarily suspended the repurchase of our common stock, which the Board of Directors reinstated on February 24, 2021. On May 8, 2023, the Board of Directors approved an increase in the Company's share repurchase authorization of approximately 189,900, bringing the total authorization to 250,000. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, we repurchased an aggregate of 3,127 shares of our common stock under the Share Repurchase Program, at a weighted average price per share of 34.89, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 109,118, which includes the amount remaining under the prior authorization. As of December 31, 2023, approximately 175,463 remained available for future repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. The following table presents the total number of shares of our common stock, 0.0001 par value, purchased by us in the three months ended December 31, 2023, the average price paid per share, the amount of shares purchased pursuant to our Share Repurchase Program and the approximate dollar value of the shares that still could have been purchased at the end of the fiscal period pursuant to our Share Repurchase Program. See Note J Share Repurchase Program to the consolidated financial statements for further details on our share repurchase program. During the three months ended December 31, 2023, there were no sales by us of unregistered shares of common stock. 
 (in thousands except for per share) Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 10/1/2023 - 10/31/2023 6 31.46 193,676 11/1/2023 - 11/30/2023 261 36.68 247 184,569 12/1/2023 - 12/31/2023 702 41.33 226 175,463 Total 969 40.02 473 
 (1) The Steven Madden, Ltd. 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan and its predecessor plan, the Steven Madden, Ltd. Amended and Restated 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, each provide us with the right to deduct, or withhold, or require employees to remit to us, an amount sufficient to satisfy all or part of the tax withholding obligations applicable to stock-based compensation awards. To the extent permitted, participants may elect to satisfy all or part of such withholding obligations by tendering to us previously owned shares or by having us withhold shares having a fair market value equal to the minimum 
 21 

statutory tax-withholding rate that could be imposed on the transaction. Included in this table are shares withheld during the fourth quarter of 2023 in connection with the settlement of vested restricted stock to satisfy tax-withholding requirements with an aggregate purchase price of approximately 20,589. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the yearly percentage change in the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock during the period beginning on December 31, 2018, and ending on December 31, 2023, with the cumulative total return on the Russell 2000 Index and a peer group index. As of December 31, 2023, our peer group index consisted of seven companies: Caleres, Inc., Crocs, Inc., Deckers Outdoor Corporation, Genesco Inc., Skechers U.S.A., Inc., Designer Brands Inc., and Wolverine World Wide, Inc. 
 The comparison assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2018 in our common stock and in the foregoing indices and assumes the reinvestment of dividends. 
 
 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 12/31/2023 Steven Madden, Ltd. 100.00 144.42 119.40 159.35 112.32 151.14 Russell 2000 Index 100.00 125.52 150.58 172.90 137.56 160.85 Peer Group 100.00 130.63 145.91 204.48 187.00 252.60 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

22 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Overview 
 in thousands, except for retail store count, earnings per share, and per share data) 
 
 Steven Madden, Ltd. and its subsidiaries design, source, and market fashion-forward branded and private label footwear, accessories, and apparel. We distribute our products in the wholesale channel through department stores, mass merchants, off-price retailers, shoe chains, online retailers, national chains, specialty retailers, independent stores, and clubs throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Europe, and other international markets through our joint ventures in Israel, South Africa, China, Taiwan, Malaysia, and the Middle East along with special distribution arrangements in certain European countries, North Africa, South and Central America, Australia, and various countries in Asia. In addition, our products are distributed through our direct-to-consumer channel within the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Europe, and our joint ventures in Israel, South Africa, China, Taiwan, and the Middle East. 
 Our product lines include a broad range of contemporary styles designed to establish or capitalize on market trends, complemented by core product offerings. We have established a reputation for design creativity and our ability to offer quality, trend-right products at accessible price points, delivered in an efficient manner and time frame. 
 We manage our operations through our operating divisions, which are presented as the following reportable segments: Wholesale Footwear, Wholesale Accessories/Apparel, Direct-to-Consumer, and Licensing. As of January 2023, the Company no longer serves as a buying agent for any of its customers, and as a result no longer reports under the First Cost segment. This change is not considered to have a material or meaningful impact on the Company's operations. Our Wholesale Footwear segment designs, sources, and markets our brands and sells our products to department stores, mass merchants, off-price retailers, shoe chains, online retailers, national chains, specialty retailers, independent stores, and clubs throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Europe, and through our joint ventures and international distributor network. Our Wholesale Accessories/Apparel segment designs, sources, and markets our brands and sells our products to department stores, mass merchants, off-price retailers, online retailers, specialty retailers, independent stores, and clubs throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Europe and through our joint ventures and international distributor network. Our Direct-to-Consumer segment consists of Steve Madden and Dolce Vita full-price retail stores, Steve Madden outlet stores, Steve Madden concessions in international markets, and our directly-operated digital e-commerce websites. We operate retail locations in regional malls and shopping centers, as well as high streets in major cities across the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe, Israel, South Africa, Taiwan, China, and the Middle East. Our Licensing segment is engaged in the licensing of the Steve Madden and Betsey Johnson trademarks for use in the sale of select apparel, accessory, and home categories as well as various other non-core products. Corporate does not constitute a reportable segment and includes costs not directly attributable to the segments. These costs are primarily related to expenses associated with corporate executives, corporate finance, corporate social responsibility, legal, human resources, information technology, cyber security, and other shared services. 
 Dividends 
 Our Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of 0.21 per share on our outstanding shares of common stock which was paid on March 24, 2023, June 23, 2023, September 25, 2023, and December 29, 2023. The aggregate cash dividends paid for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 was 63,177. 
 On February 27, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a quarterly dividend of 0.21 per share is payable on March 22, 2024 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 8, 2024. 
 
 23 

Executive Summary 
 Recent Developments 
 Acquisitions 
 On October 20, 2023, we acquired substantially all of the assets and certain liabilities of Turn On Products Inc. ("Almost Famous"), for cash consideration of 73,228 and a future payment contingent on the Almost Famous brand achieving certain earnings before interest and tax ("EBIT") targets. In connection therewith, we recorded a short-term liability of 3,325 and a long-term liability of 9,975 as of the date of acquisition to reflect the estimated fair value of the contingent purchase price. The fair value of the contingent payments liability was estimated on the date of acquisition using the Monte Carlo simulation model, which included significant unobservable Level 3 inputs, such as projected EBIT over the earn-out period and a discount rate of 20.3 . Changes in these significant unobservable inputs might result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement. The maximum consideration which can be paid over the consideration period of four years is 68,000 and there are no minimum payments required. The liability will be remeasured at each reporting period with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. The amount of future payments will be determined by Almost Famous's future performance with no minimum future payment. After the effect of closing adjustments, the total purchase price of the acquisition was 86,528. The acquisition was funded by cash on hand. Almost Famous is a designer and marketer of women s junior apparel. Almost Famous distributes its products to wholesale customers, including mass merchants, department stores, off-price retailers, and chain stores within the United States. Almost Famous markets products under its own brands, primarily Almost Famous, as well as private label brands for various retailers. For additional information on this acquisition, refer to Note D Acquisitions Sale of Minority Noncontrolling Interest in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 
 Key Highlights 
 Total revenue for 2023 decreased by 6.6 to 1,981,582 from 2,122,009 in 2022. Net income attributable to Steven Madden, Ltd. was 171,554 in 2023 compared to 216,061 in 2022. Our effective tax rate for 2023 decreased to 21.1 compared to 23.1 in 2022. Diluted earnings per share in 2023 was 2.30 per share on 74,565 diluted weighted average shares outstanding compared to diluted income of 2.77 per share on 78,069 diluted weighted average shares outstanding in the prior year. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had 255 brick-and-mortar retail stores and five e-commerce websites in operation, compared to 232 brick-and-mortar retail stores and six e-commerce websites as of December 31, 2022. This increase resulted from the opening of 38 brick-and-mortar stores, most in international markets, offset by the closure of 15 brick-and-mortar stores and one e-commerce site. The Company also operated 25 concessions in international markets. 
 Our inventory turnover (calculated on a trailing four quarter average) for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was 5.6 times and 4.9 times, respectively. Our total Company accounts receivable average collection days were 71 days in 2023 compared to 72 days in 2022. As of December 31, 2023, we had 219,813 in cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, no debt, and total stockholders equity of 848,032. Working capital decreased to 477,208 as of December 31, 2023, compared to 522,649 on December 31, 2022. 
 As we look ahead, we remain focused on delivering trend-right product, deepening connections with our consumers, growing our international business, expanding our non-footwear categories, enhancing our digital commerce business, strengthening our core U.S. wholesale business, and efficiently managing our inventory and expenses, while continuing to make meaningful progress on our corporate social responsibility initiatives. 
 
 24 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Years Ended December 31, (in thousands, except for number of stores) 2023 2022 2021 CONSOLIDATED: Net sales 1,971,474 99.5 2,111,296 99.5 1,853,902 99.3 Commission and licensing fee income 10,108 0.5 10,713 0.5 12,240 0.7 Total revenue 1,981,582 100.0 2,122,009 100.0 1,866,142 100.0 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 1,149,168 58.0 1,248,173 58.8 1,098,645 58.9 Gross profit 832,414 42.0 873,836 41.2 767,497 41.1 Operating expenses 612,672 30.9 592,192 27.9 519,848 27.9 Impairment of intangibles 6,520 0.3 2,620 0.1 Impairment of lease right-of-use asset and fixed assets 1,432 0.1 Income from operations 213,222 10.8 281,644 13.3 243,597 13.1 Interest and other income/(expense) net 7,392 0.4 676 (1,529) (0.1) Income before income taxes 220,614 11.1 282,320 13.3 242,068 13.0 Net income attributable to Steven Madden, Ltd. 171,554 8.7 216,061 10.2 190,678 10.2 BY SEGMENT: WHOLESALE FOOTWEAR SEGMENT: Net sales 1,048,448 100.0 1,194,890 100.0 1,022,322 100.0 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 677,817 64.6 763,809 63.9 677,155 66.2 Gross profit 370,631 35.4 431,081 36.1 345,167 33.8 Operating expenses 165,681 15.8 166,123 13.9 128,004 12.5 Income from operations 204,950 19.5 264,958 22.2 217,163 21.2 WHOLESALE ACCESSORIES/APPAREL SEGMENT: Net sales 416,532 100.0 394,676 100.0 343,675 100.0 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 281,364 67.5 294,591 74.6 249,000 72.5 Gross profit 135,168 32.5 100,085 25.4 94,675 27.5 Operating expenses 73,740 17.7 70,310 17.8 64,776 18.8 Impairment of intangibles 2,620 0.8 Impairment of lease right-of-use asset and fixed assets 651 0.2 Income from operations 61,428 14.7 29,775 7.5 26,628 7.7 DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER SEGMENT: Net sales 506,494 100.0 521,729 100.0 487,906 100.0 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 189,987 37.5 189,773 36.4 172,490 35.4 Gross profit 316,507 62.5 331,956 63.6 315,416 64.6 Operating expenses 279,827 55.2 264,307 50.7 240,093 49.2 Impairment of intangibles 6,520 1.3 Impairment of lease right-of-use asset and fixed assets 781 0.2 Income from operations 30,160 6.0 67,649 13.0 74,542 15.3 Number of stores 260 238 220 FIRST COST SEGMENT: Commission fee income 916 100.0 2,346 100.0 Gross profit 916 100.0 2,346 100.0 Operating expenses 150 16.4 375 16.0 Income from operations 766 83.6 1,971 84.0 LICENSING SEGMENT: Licensing fee income 10,108 100.0 9,798 100.0 9,893 100.0 Gross profit 10,108 100.0 9,798 100.0 9,893 100.0 Operating expenses 1,681 16.6 1,944 19.8 1,785 18.0 Income from operations 8,427 83.4 7,854 80.2 8,108 82.0 CORPORATE: Operating expenses (91,743) (89,358) (84,815) Loss from operations (91,743) (89,358) (84,815) 

25 

The following section discusses our results of operations for 2023 and 2022 and year-to-year comparisons between those periods. Discussions of 2021 and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021 are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and can be found within Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 vs. Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Consolidated: 
 Total revenue in the year ended December 31, 2023 decreased 6.6 to 1,981,582 compared to 2,122,009 in 2022, with decreases in the Wholesale Footwear and Direct-to-Consumer segments, partially offset by increases in the Wholesale Accessories/Apparel and Licensing segments. Gross profit was 832,414, or 42.0 of total revenue, as compared to 873,836, or 41.2 of total revenue, in the prior year. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of total revenue was primarily driven by an improvement in gross margin in the Wholesale Accessories/Apparel segment, partially offset by lower gross margin in the Wholesale Footwear and Direct-to-Consumer segments. Gross profit in 2023 included a charge of 2,023, related to the fair value step-up of inventory in connection with the acquisition of Almost Famous. Operating expenses in 2023 were 612,672, or 30.9 , of total revenue, as compared to 592,192, or 27.9 of total revenue, in the prior year. Operating expenses in 2023 included severance and a certain office restructuring costs of 3,803 and acquisition costs of 2,443 primarily related to the acquisition of Almost Famous and international joint-ventures. Operating expenses in 2022 included the accelerated amortization of a trademark of 7,050 and a benefit from the change in valuation of a contingent consideration of 5,807. The 2023 financial results also included a pre-tax charge of 6,520 for an impairment of a trademark. In the year ended December 31, 2023, income from operations decreased to 213,222, or 10.8 of total revenue, as compared to 281,644, or 13.3 of total revenue, in the prior year. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 21.1 compared to 23.1 last year. The primary changes between the Company s effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are due to a higher tax benefit related to equity-based awards and jurisdictional mix. Net income attributable to Steven Madden, Ltd. for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 171,554 compared to 216,061 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Wholesale Footwear Segment: 
 Revenue from the Wholesale Footwear segment in the year ended December 31, 2023 accounted for 1,048,448, or 52.9 of total revenue, as compared to 1,194,890, or 56.3 of total revenue, in the year ended December 31, 2022. The 12.3 decrease in revenue in the current year is primarily the result of a moderation in wholesale customers' order patterns in a challenging retail environment, impacting both our branded and private label businesses. Gross profit was 370,631, or 35.4 of Wholesale Footwear revenue, in the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to 431,081, or 36.1 of Wholesale Footwear revenue, in the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease of gross profit as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to higher promotional activity partially offset by lower freight expenses. Operating expenses in the year ended December 31, 2023 were 165,681, or 15.8 , of Wholesale Footwear revenue, as compared to 166,123, or 13.9 of Wholesale Footwear revenue, in the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in operating expenses as a percentage of Wholesale Footwear revenue was primarily due to expense deleverage on a lower revenue base. Operating expenses in 2023 included severance and a certain office restructuring costs of 1,546 and acquisition costs of 929 related to newly formed international joint ventures. Income from operations decreased to 204,950, or 19.5 of Wholesale Footwear revenue in 2023 as compared to 264,958, or 22.2 of Wholesale Footwear revenue, in 2022. 
 Wholesale Accessories/Apparel Segment: 
 Revenue from the Wholesale Accessories/Apparel segment in the year ended December 31, 2023 accounted for 416,532, or 21.0 of total revenue, as compared to 394,676, or 18.6 of total revenue, in the year ended December 31, 2022. The 5.5 increase in revenue resulted primarily from the performance of our branded handbag business and the additional apparel revenue related to the acquisition of Almost Famous, partially offset by a reduction in our private label business. Gross profit was 135,168, or 32.5 of Wholesale Accessories/Apparel revenue, in the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to 100,085, or 25.4 of Wholesale Accessories/Apparel revenue, in the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to lower freight costs, improved production costs, and lower markdown allowances. Operating expenses in the year ended December 31, 2023 were 73,740, or 17.7 , of Wholesale Accessories/Apparel revenue, as compared to 70,310, or 17.8 , of Wholesale Accessories/Apparel revenue, in the year ended December 31, 2022. Operating expenses in 2023 included acquisition costs of 1,505 related to the acquisition of Almost Famous. Operating expenses in 2022 included the accelerated amortization of a trademark of 7,050 and a benefit from the change in valuation of a contingent consideration of 5,807. Income from operations for the Wholesale Accessories/Apparel segment in 2023 was 61,428, or 14.7 of Wholesale Accessories/Apparel revenue, as compared to 29,775, or 7.5 of Wholesale Accessories/Apparel revenue, in 2022. 
 26 

Direct-to-Consumer Segment: 
 In the year ended December 31, 2023, revenue from the Direct-to-Consumer segment accounted for 506,494, or 25.6 of total revenue, as compared to 521,729, or 24.6 of total revenue, in the twelve months of 2022. The 2.9 decrease in revenue was primarily driven by a decline in our e-commerce business and brick-and-mortar comparable store sales, partially offset by the addition of the Middle East joint-venture and the expansion of our footprint in international markets. We opened 38 brick-and-mortar stores and closed 15 brick-and-mortar stores and one e-commerce site during the year ended December 31, 2023 and ended the year with 255 brick-and-mortar stores and five e-commerce sites compared to 232 brick-and-mortar stores and six e-commerce sites as of December 31, 2022. In addition, we operated 25 concessions in international markets as of December 31, 2023 compared to 20 concessions in international markets as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2023, gross profit was 316,507, or 62.5 of Direct-to-Consumer revenue, compared to 331,956, or 63.6 of Direct-to-Consumer revenue, in the twelve months of 2022. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to higher promotional activity, partially offset by lower freight costs. Operating expenses for the twelve months of 2023 were 279,827, or 55.2 of Direct-to-Consumer revenue, as compared to 264,307, or 50.7 of Direct-to-Consumer revenue, for the twelve months of 2022. The increase in operating expenses as a percentage of revenue was primarily attributable to expense deleverage on a lower revenue base. The 2023 financial results also included a pre-tax charge of 6,520 for an impairment of a trademark. In 2023, income from operations for the Direct-to-Consumer segment was 30,160, or 6.0 of Direct-to-Consumer revenue as compared to 67,649, or 13.0 of Direct-to-Consumer revenue, in 2022. 
 First Cost Segment: 
 As of January 2023, the Company no longer serves as a buying agent for any of its customers, and as a result no longer reports under the First Cost segment. This change is not considered to have a material or meaningful impact on the Company's operations. In 2022, commission income generated by the First Cost segment accounted for 916, operating expenses were 150, and income from operations was 766. 
 Licensing Segment: 
 Royalty income generated by the Licensing segment accounted for 10,108, or 0.5 of total revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 9,798, or 0.5 of total revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2022. Operating expenses decreased to 1,681 in the current year compared to 1,944 last year. Income from the Licensing segment was 8,427 for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to 7,854 in the prior year. 
 Corporate: 
 Corporate does not constitute a reportable segment and includes costs not directly attributable to the segments. These costs are primarily related to expenses associated with corporate executives, corporate finance, corporate social responsibility, legal, human resources, information technology, cyber security, and other shared services. Corporate operating expenses amounted to 91,743 during the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to 89,358 in the prior year. 
 
 27 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations, cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments. Cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaled 219,813 and 289,798 at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. Of the total cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments as of December 31, 2023, 134,745, or approximately 61 , was held in our foreign subsidiaries, and of the total cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments on December 31, 2022, 133,729, or approximately 46 , was held in our foreign subsidiaries. 
 On July 22, 2020, we entered into a 150,000, five-year, asset-based revolving credit facility with various lenders and Citizens Bank, N.A (the Credit Agreement ). On March 25, 2022, we entered into the Credit Agreement, which replaced the London Interbank Offering Rate LIBOR with the Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index BSBY as the interest rate benchmark, among other changes. On April 3, 2023, we entered into a second amendment to the Credit Agreement, which reflects CIT Group/Commercial Services, Inc. CIT as an additional receivables collection agent for us and certain guarantors. Further, on October 23, 2023, we entered into a third amendment to the Credit Agreement in order to accommodate certain changes made to our existing factoring arrangement with CIT. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had working capital of 477,208, cash and cash equivalents of 204,640, short-term investments of 15,173, no cash borrowing, and 504 in letters of credit outstanding unrelated to the Credit Agreement. 
 We believe that based on our current financial position and available cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, we will meet all our financial commitments and operating needs for at least the next twelve months. In addition, our 150,000 asset-based revolving credit facility provides us with additional liquidity and flexibility on a long-term basis. 
 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by operations was 229,237 in 2023 compared to 267,883 in the same period of the prior year. The decrease in cash provided by operations was primarily driven by unfavorable changes in receivables and net income offset by less cash used in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities was 99,892 for the year ended December 31, 2023, which consisted of 75,271 for the acquisition of Almost Famous and purchases of 25,688 in short-term investments offset by cash received of 25,872 from the maturities and sales of short-term investments. We also made capital expenditures of 19,470, principally for leasehold improvements, new stores, and systems enhancements. We also had investments of 5,339 related to other investing activities. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, net cash used in financing activities was 200,936, which primarily consisted of share repurchases and net settlements of stock awards of 142,348, cash dividends paid of 63,177, partially offset by an investment of a noncontrolling interest of 4,486. 
 
 28 

Contractual Obligations 
 Our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2023 were as follows: 
 Payment due by period (in thousands) Total 2024 2025-2026 2027-2028 2029 and after Operating lease obligations (1) 
 157,264 43,730 66,631 30,406 16,497 Purchase obligations 194,511 194,426 85 Future minimum royalty and advertising payments (2) 
 18,000 6,000 12,000 Transition tax 4,884 4,884 Total 374,659 249,040 78,716 30,406 16,497 
 (1) Refer to Note M Leases to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 (2) Refer to Note O Commitments, Contingencies, and Other to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 Substantially all our products are produced by independent manufacturers at overseas locations, the majority of which are located in China, with a growing percentage located in Cambodia, Mexico, Vietnam, India, Italy, Brazil, and some European nations. We have not entered into any long-term manufacturing or supply contracts with any of these foreign manufacturers. We believe that a sufficient number of alternative sources exist outside of the United States for the manufacture of our products. Purchases are made primarily in United States dollars. 
 As of the date of this report, we have employment agreements with our Founder and Creative and Design Chief, Steven Madden, and certain executive officers, which provide for the payment of compensation aggregating to approximately 10,686 in 2024, 10,368 in 2025 and 9,396 in 2026, 8,589 in 2027, 8,549 in 2028, 7,942 in 2029, and 7,746 in each of the years 2030 and 2031. 
 In addition, some of these employment agreements provide for discretionary bonuses and some provide for incentive compensation based on various performance criteria as well as other benefits, including stock-related compensation. 
 Transition tax of 4,884 was the result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the "Tax Act"). Excluded from the contractual obligations table above are long-term taxes payable of 238 as of December 31, 2023 primarily related to uncertain tax positions, for which we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years beyond one year due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes. For further information, refer to Note N Income Taxes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Dividends 
 In February 2023, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.21 per share on our outstanding shares of common stock. The dividend was paid on March 24, 2023, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 10, 2023. We paid total cash dividends for the three months ended March 31, 2023 of 16,039. 
 In May 2023, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.21 per share on our outstanding shares of common stock. The dividend was paid on June 23, 2023, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on June 12, 2023. We paid total cash dividends for the three months ended June 30, 2023 of 15,856. 
 In August 2023, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.21 per share on our outstanding shares of common stock. The dividend was paid on September 25, 2023, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on September 15, 2023. We paid total cash dividends for the three months ended September 30, 2023 of 15,698. 
 In November 2023, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.21 per share on our outstanding shares of common stock. The dividend was paid on December 29, 2023, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 15, 2023. We paid total cash dividends for the three months ended December 31, 2023 of 15,584. 
 On February 27, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend. The quarterly dividend of 0.21 per share is payable on March 22, 2024 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 8, 2024. 
 29 

Future quarterly cash dividend payments are subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and contingent upon future earnings, our financial condition, capital requirements, general business conditions, and other factors. Therefore, we can give no assurance that dividends will be paid to holders of our common stock in the future. 
 
 Inflation 
 Actual results could be negatively and materially impacted due to risks and uncertainties, including the impacts of inflationary pressures globally and the war in Ukraine, the war in the Middle East, and the related broader macroeconomic implications. Consumer spending has been and may continue to be negatively impacted by inflationary pressures, and other macroeconomic and geopolitical factors. All these factors have negatively impacted, and might continue to negatively impact, our direct sales to end consumers and our sales to our wholesale customers. Historically, we have minimized the impact of product, wages, and logistic cost increases by raising prices, renegotiating costs, changing suppliers, and improving operating efficiencies. However, no assurance can be given that we will be able to offset such inflationary cost increases in the future. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND THE USE OF ESTIMATES 
 Management believes the following critical accounting estimates are the most significantly affected by judgments and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements: allowances for doubtful accounts; markdowns and chargeback allowances, co-op advertising allowances, customer returns; inventory valuation; and valuation of intangible assets and goodwill. Our estimates are made based upon historical factors, current and future circumstances and market conditions, and the experience and judgment of management. Assumptions and estimates are evaluated on an ongoing basis, and we may employ outside experts to assist in the valuation process of our intangible assets and goodwill. 
 Allowances for doubtful accounts. A vast majority of our customers receivable balances are protected under our factoring and collection agency agreements with Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc. Rosenthal and CIT Group/Commercial Services, Inc. CIT ), described in Note Q Factoring Agreements to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. Under this agreement, Rosenthal assumes the credit risk resulting from a customer s financial inability to make payment of credit-approved receivables. We also use risk insurance, letters of credit, and put agreements to mitigate credit risk for a significant portion of the receivables not covered under our Rosenthal agreement. The balance of receivables not covered under our Rosenthal agreement is reduced by an allowance for amounts that may be uncollectible in the future. 
 The estimated allowance for doubtful accounts is based on an analysis of the aging of accounts receivable, assessments of collectability based on historical trends, the financial condition of our customers, and an evaluation of economic conditions. Differences in management s estimation of the above factors could impact our results of operations and financial position. The balances of allowances for doubtful accounts are generally correlated with our revenues from wholesale customers whose receivables are not covered under our Rosenthal agreement, and actual losses have historically been within our expectations and in line with the allowances we have established. The balances and activity in the allowances for doubtful accounts are presented in Note T Valuation and Qualifying Accounts to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. A hypothetical 5 increase in our allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2023 would have increased our 2023 operating expenses by approximately 200. 
 Markdowns, chargebacks, co-op advertising, and customer returns. As described in Note B Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K, we provide variable consideration to our wholesale customers to maximize sales of our product on the retail floor, in the form of markdowns and chargeback allowances, co-op advertising allowances, and return reserves related to the current period sales. 
 a. Markdowns and chargeback allowances. We evaluate anticipated customer markdowns and chargeback allowances by reviewing several performance indicators for our major customers. These performance indicators, which include inventory levels on the retail floors, sell through rates to the end consumer, and gross margin levels, are analyzed by management to estimate the amount of customer allowances. We also discuss product performance with our retail partners on an ongoing basis to gather more intelligence to inform our estimation process. Differences in management s estimation of the above factors from period to period could impact our results of operations and financial position. The levels of markdown and chargeback allowances are generally correlated with our revenues to wholesale customers. A hypothetical 5 increase in the reserve balance for markdowns and chargeback allowances as of December 31, 2023 would have decreased our 2023 revenue by approximately 1,500. 
 b. Co-op advertising allowances . Under our co-op advertising programs, we agree to reimburse the retailer for a portion of the costs incurred by the retailer to advertise and promote some of our products. We estimate the costs of co-op advertising programs based on the terms of the agreements with our customers. Differences in management s estimation of the co-op advertising activity at our customers and the resulting amount of the reserve for these allowances from period to period could impact our results of operations and financial position. The level of co-op advertising support is generally correlated with our revenues to wholesale customers. A hypothetical 5 increase in the reserve balance for co-op advertising allowances as of December 31, 2023 would have an immaterial impact on our 2023 revenue. 
 30 

c. Return reserve. Our Direct-to-Consumer segment accepts unworn returns within 30 days from the date of a sale, or 30 days from the date of delivery for online orders. We estimate a return reserve in the Direct-to-Consumer segment by establishing a return rate using historical returns data. The rate is then applied to eligible revenues recorded in the current period to calculate the reserve. We do not accept returns as a normal business practice in our wholesale segments, except for our Blondo and Dolce Vita product lines. We estimate such returns based on historical experience and current market conditions. The level of returns is generally correlated with our revenues. A hypothetical 5 increase in the return reserve as of December 31, 2023 would have decreased our 2023 revenue by approximately 200. 
 The balances and activity in the markdown, chargeback, and co-op advertising allowances are included in Note T Valuation and Qualifying Accounts to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 Inventory valuation. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, on a first-in, first-out basis. We review inventory on a regular basis for excess and slow-moving inventory. The review is based on an analysis of the age and styles of inventory on hand, historical sales of the same or similar products, and expected net realizable value through future sales. The analysis includes a review of inventory quantities on hand at period-end in relation to year-to-date sales and projections for sales in the foreseeable future as well as subsequent sales and discussions with both traditional and off-price retailers. We consider quantities on hand in excess of estimated future sales to be at risk for market impairment. The estimated net realizable value is determined based on the estimate of selling prices of inventory through off-price and discount store channels, department stores, and our own direct-to-consumer channel. The likelihood of any material inventory write-down is dependent primarily on the expectation of future consumer demand for our products, which is influenced by consumer trends, economic and market conditions, weather patterns for seasonal goods, and the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. A misinterpretation or misunderstanding of future consumer demand for our products due to these or any other factors could result in inventory valuation changes compared to the valuation determined to be appropriate as of the balance sheet date. 
 In general, our inventory obsolescence estimates have historically been within our expectations and in line with the reserves established, and although possible, significant variation is not expected in the future. A hypothetical 5 increase to inventory reserves at December 31, 2023 would have decreased our 2023 gross profit by approximately 400. 
 Valuation of intangible assets and goodwill . We estimate and record the fair value of purchased intangible assets at the time of their acquisition. The fair values of these intangible assets are estimated based on independent third-party appraisals that are reviewed and approved by us. Goodwill and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives are not amortized. These assets are tested for impairment at least annually on the first day of the third quarter, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives and tested for impairment if indicators are present. 
 Our annual impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets is generally performed using a qualitative approach to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. Performance of the qualitative impairment assessment requires judgment in identifying and considering the significance of relevant events and circumstances including external factors, such as macroeconomic and industry conditions, and the legal and regulatory environment, as well as entity-specific factors, such as actual and planned financial performance, that could impact the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets. The results of our most recent quantitative tests are also considered in performing the qualitative assessment. 
 If the results of the annual qualitative assessment conclude that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its carrying value, or if interim indicators of impairment are identified, a quantitative impairment test is performed. 
 A quantitative impairment test involves comparing the fair value of a reporting unit or intangible asset with its carrying value. If the fair value is less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recorded for an amount equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair value. For goodwill, the impairment loss is limited to the amount of the respective reporting unit s allocated goodwill. Determination of the fair value of a reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset is subjective in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions including consideration of external factors, such as macroeconomic and industry conditions, and the legal and regulatory environment, as well as entity-specific factors such as actual and planned financial performance. These estimates and assumptions could have a significant impact on whether an impairment charge is recognized and the amount of any such charge. Estimates of fair value are primarily determined using discounted cash flows, market comparisons, and recent transactions. These approaches use significant estimates and assumptions, including projected future cash flows, discount rates, growth rates, and determination of appropriate market comparisons. It is possible that our conclusions regarding impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets could change in future periods if, for example, our businesses do not perform as projected or overall economic conditions in future periods vary from current assumptions. 
 Our annual impairment tests were last performed as of July 1, 2023 using a quantitative impairment test as described above, the results of which indicated that the fair values of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets significantly exceeded their carrying values. A hypothetical 10 decrease in the fair values of our reporting units and our indefinite-lived intangible assets as of December 31, 2023 would not have resulted in any material impairment charges. No goodwill or intangible asset impairment charges were recorded as a result of our annual impairment tests during any of the years presented in this Form 10-K. 
 31 

During the fourth quarter of 2023, certain events occurred which led the Company to conclude that impairment indicators existed and the Company performed a valuation of the GREATS trademark. The estimated fair value of this trademark was determined using an excess earnings method, incorporating the use of projected financial information, and a discount rate which are developed using market participant based assumptions. As a result of this assessment, the GREATS trademark was written down from the carrying value of 12,670 to its fair value of 6,150, resulting in a pre-tax non-cash impairment charge of 6,520. This charge was recorded in impairment of intangibles in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income and recognized in the Direct-to-Consumer segment. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, certain decisions were made by the Company that resulted in the change in the useful life of the BB Dakota trademark from an indefinite to a finite life. As a result, the BB Dakota trademark was assessed for impairment. The estimated fair value of this trademark was determined using an excess earnings method, incorporating the use of projected financial information, and a discount rate, which was developed using market participant-based assumptions. As a result of this assessment, the BB Dakota trademark was written down from the carrying value of 9,670 to its fair value of 7,050, resulting in a pre-tax, non-cash impairment charge of 2,620. This charge was recorded in impairment of intangibles in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income and recognized in the Wholesale Accessories/Apparel segment. The fair value of 7,050 was amortized over its remaining useful life of one year and was fully amortized at the end of 2022. 
 See Note G Goodwill and Intangible Assets to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K for further detail and impairment charges. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 in thousands) 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We do not engage in the trading of market risk sensitive instruments in the normal course of business. Our financing arrangements are subject to variable interest rates, primarily based on the prime rate and the BSBY. The terms of our 150,000 asset-based revolving credit agreement (the Credit Facility and our collection agency agreements with Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc. and CIT Group/Commercial Services, Inc. can be found in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of Item 7 and in Note P Credit Agreement and Note Q Factoring Agreements, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. Because we had no cash borrowings under the Credit Facility as of December 31, 2023, a 10 change in interest rates, with all other variables held constant, would have an immaterial effect on our reported interest expense. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we held short-term investments valued at 15,173, which consist of certificates of deposit. We have the ability to hold these investments until maturity. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 We face market risk to the extent that our U.S. or foreign operations involve the transaction of business in foreign currencies. In addition, our inventory purchases are primarily done in foreign jurisdictions and inventory purchases may be impacted by fluctuations in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the local currencies of our contract manufacturers, which could have the effect of increasing the cost of goods sold in the future. We manage these risks primarily by denominating these purchases in U.S. dollars. To mitigate the risk of purchases that are denominated in foreign currencies we may enter into forward foreign exchange contracts for terms of no more than two years. A description of our accounting policies for derivative financial instruments is included in Note B Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note L Derivative Instruments to the consolidated financial statements. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had entered into forward foreign exchange contracts with notional amounts totaling 105,602. We performed a sensitivity analysis based on a model that measures the impact of a hypothetical change in foreign currency exchange rates to determine the effects that market risk exposures may have on the fair values of our forward foreign exchange contracts that were outstanding as of December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, a 10 increase or decrease of the U.S. dollar against the exchange rates for foreign currencies under forward foreign exchange contracts, with all other variables held constant, would result in a net increase or decrease in the fair value of our derivatives portfolio of approximately 120, which is immaterial to the consolidated financial statements. 
 In addition, we are exposed to translation risk in connection with our foreign operations in Canada, Mexico, Europe, South Africa, China, Taiwan, Israel, Malaysia, and the Middle East because our subsidiaries and joint ventures in these countries utilize the local currency as their functional currency, and those financial results are translated into U.S. dollars. As currency exchange rates fluctuate, foreign currency exchange rate translation adjustments reflected in our financial statements with respect to our foreign operations affects the comparability of financial results between years. 
 32 

Inflation Risk 
 Inflationary factors generally affect us by reducing consumer spending, increasing our labor and overhead costs, and negatively impacting our direct sales to end consumers and our sales to our wholesale customers, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. We have historically been able to minimize the impacts of inflation by raising prices, renegotiating costs, changing suppliers, and improving operating efficiencies. However, no assurance can be given that we will be able to offset such inflationary impacts in the future. 
 33 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the consolidated financial statements listed in response to Item 15 of Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of Steven Madden, Ltd. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act). 
 Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, and effected by the Board of Directors, management, and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 With the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness, as of the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation our management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 In accordance with SEC guidance, our management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Almost Famous, which we acquired in October 2023 and is included in the December 31, 2023 consolidated financial statements. The acquired business constituted 8.8 of consolidated total assets as of December 31, 2023 and 1.9 of consolidated total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has audited our consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. Their attestation report appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting, as identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2023, which has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 34 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 (a) On February 27, 2024, based on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee, and Board approval, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Edward R. Rosenfeld, our Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of our Board of Directors, pursuant to which Mr. Rosenfeld will continue to serve in such positions (the Rosenfeld Employment Agreement ). The Rosenfeld Employment Agreement, the full text of which is filed as Exhibit 10.20 hereto, supersedes and replaces Mr. Rosenfeld s prior employment agreement with us. 
 The term of the Rosenfeld Employment Agreement (the Term commences on March 1, 2024 and will expire on February 28, 2029, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms. 
 Pursuant to the Rosenfeld Employment Agreement, Mr. Rosenfeld will receive an annual base salary of: 1,172 for the period from March 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025, and as of March 1, 2025 and as of each March 1 thereafter during the Term, the Board of Directors or a committee thereof will review the annual base salary for potential increase (but not decrease). Mr. Rosenfeld will also receive a monthly automobile allowance of 2. 
 In addition, pursuant to the Rosenfeld Employment Agreement, on March 15, 2024, Mr. Rosenfeld will receive a grant under the Steven Madden, Ltd. 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2019 Plan of restricted shares of the Company s common stock with a value of 3,400 (the 2024 Award ). The 2024 Award will vest in five equal annual installments commencing on February 28, 2025, being fully vested on February 28, 2029. The Rosenfeld Employment Agreement further provides that, on March 15, 2025 and on each March 15 thereafter through the remainder of the Term, Mr. Rosenfeld will be eligible to receive an additional grant of time-vesting restricted stock shares or restricted stock units in an amount to be determined by the Board of Directors or a committee of the Board of Directors, and such grants will be made under the 2019 Plan (contingent on sufficient shares being available for issuance under the 2019 Plan at such time), will have terms and conditions determined by the Board of Directors or a committee of the Board of Directors, and will be subject to an award agreement under the 2019 Plan. 
 In addition, under the terms of the Rosenfeld Employment Agreement, Mr. Rosenfeld will be eligible to receive an annual grant of performance shares in a target amount equal to 3,600 (the Target Shares that will be eligible to be earned over a three-year performance period based on the Company s average annual return on capital over such performance period compared to the average annual return on capital of a predetermined peer group, with such peer group having been approved by the Board of Directors or a committee of the Board of Directors. The performance period for each grant will begin on January 1 of the year in which the grant occurs and will end on December 31 of the second full calendar year following the year in which such grant occurs. The number of performance shares earned will be determined based on the following payout scale (with linear interpolation between performance levels): 
 Payout Level 
 Company s Percentile Relative to Peer Group 
 of Target Shares Earned 
 Maximum 
 75 th or higher 
 185 
 Target 
 50 th 
 100 
 Threshold 
 25 th 
 50 
 Below Threshold 
 Below 25 th 
 0 
 
 Each of the performance share grants will be subject to approval by the Board of Directors or a committee of the Board of Directors, will be made under the 2019 Plan (contingent on sufficient shares being available in the 2019 Plan reserve) and will be subject to the terms and conditions of a performance share award agreement. 
 The Rosenfeld Employment Agreement permits the Company to terminate Mr. Rosenfeld s employment at any time with or without Cause (as defined under the Rosenfeld Employment Agreement), and Mr. Rosenfeld to resign from his employment at any time, with or without Good Reason (also as defined under the Rosenfeld Employment Agreement). In the event that Mr. Rosenfeld s employment should be terminated by the Company for Cause or by Mr. Rosenfeld s resignation without Good Reason, Mr. Rosenfeld would be entitled to receive only his accrued and unpaid salary through the date of termination and, in the case of a resignation without Good Reason, the performance shares earned during the prior performance period but not yet paid as of the date of termination. 
 In the event that Mr. Rosenfeld s employment should be terminated by the Company without Cause or by Mr. Rosenfeld s resignation for Good Reason, Mr. Rosenfeld would be entitled to receive, subject to the execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims by Mr. Rosenfeld, (i) payment of his annual base salary, payable at regular payroll intervals, from the date of termination of employment through the earlier of (a) the date that is twelve months after the date of termination or (b) the remainder of the Term, (ii) if such termination occurs prior to March 15, any accrued and unpaid bonus 
 35 

amounts relating to the prior period, and (iii) a pro rata portion of performance shares earned based on the achievement of the performance goals during the performance period, as well as any performance shares earned during the prior performance period and not yet paid. 
 If Mr. Rosenfeld s employment should be terminated by the Company without Cause or by Mr. Rosenfeld s resignation for Good Reason during the period commencing 90 days prior to a Change of Control (as defined in the Rosenfeld Employment Agreement) and ending 180 days after a Change of Control, Mr. Rosenfeld would be entitled to receive a cash payment in an amount equal to 2.5 times the sum of (i) the annual base salary to which Mr. Rosenfeld was entitled as of the date of such termination plus (ii) the average annual bonus received by him during the preceding three-year period ending on the last previous December 31st. 
 The Rosenfeld Employment Agreement also contains customary restrictive covenants and other customary provisions. The foregoing description of the Rosenfeld Employment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Rosenfeld Employment Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.20 hereto, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 (b) During the three months ended December 31, 2023, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) , modified, or any contract, instruction, or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules). 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to this Item will be set forth in our proxy statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to this Item will be set forth in our proxy statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to this Item will be set forth in our proxy statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to this Item will be set forth in our proxy statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to this Item will be set forth in our proxy statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Exhibits. 
 See the Exhibit Index included herein. 
 (b) Financial Statements and Financial Statements Schedules 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 36 

Exhibit Index 
 2.01 
 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated January 30, 2017, among the Company, Schwartz Benjamin, Inc., B.D.S., Inc., Quinby Ridge Enterprises LLC, DANIELBARBARA Enterprises LLC, the Sellers party thereto, and Daniel Schwartz, as agent for the Sellers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 31, 2017) 
 2.02 
 First Amendment to Equity Purchase Agreement, dated November 21, 2017, to Equity Purchase Agreement, dated January 30, 2017, among the Company, Schwartz Benjamin, Inc., B.D.S., Inc., Quinby Ridge Enterprises LLC, DANIELBARBARA Enterprises LLC, the Sellers party thereto, and Daniel Schwartz, as agent for the Sellers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2017 filed with the SEC on March 1, 2018) 
 3.01 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Steven Madden, Ltd., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2019 filed with the SEC on August 5, 2019) 
 3.02 
 Second Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company, dated as November 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 2, 2022) 
 4.01 
 Specimen Certificate for shares of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013 filed with the SEC on August 8, 2013) 
 4.02 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated be reference to Exhibit 4.02 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023) 
 10.0 1 
 Collection Agency Agreement dated July 10, 2009 between Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2010 filed with the SEC on November 9, 2010) 
 10.0 2 
 Amendment to Collection Agency Agreement dated February 16, 2010 between Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2010 filed with the SEC on March 12, 2010) 
 10.0 3 
 Collection Agency Agreement dated July 10, 2009 between Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc. and Daniel Friedman Associates, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 16, 2009) 
 10. 0 4 
 Collection Agency Agreement dated July 10, 2009 between Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc. and Diva Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 16, 2009) 
 10.0 5 
 Collection Agency Agreement dated July 10, 2009 between Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc. and Steven Madden Retail, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 16, 2009) 
 10.0 6 
 Collection Agency Agreement dated July 10, 2009 between Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc. and Stevies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 16, 2009) 
 10.0 7 
 Collection Agency Agreement dated July 10, 2009 between Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc. and SML Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 16, 2009) 
 10.08 
 Letter Agreement dated July 10, 2009 among Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc., the Company, Daniel Friedman Associates, Inc., Diva Acquisition Corp., Steven Madden Retail, Inc., Stevies, Inc., and SML Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 16, 2009) 
 10. 09 
 Guarantee dated July 10, 2009 of the Company, Daniel Friedman Associates, Inc., Diva Acquisition Corp., Steven Madden Retail, Inc., Stevies, Inc., and SML Acquisition Corp. in favor of Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 16, 2009) 
 10.1 0 
 Amendment to Collection Agency Agreement, dated May 6, 2020, between Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 28, 2020) 
 10.1 1 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2020, among Steven Madden, Ltd., the other subsidiary borrowers from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Citizens Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2020) 
 10.1 2 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2022, among Steven Madden, Ltd., the other loan parties party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Citizen Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (which includes the marked Credit Agreement as Annex I thereto) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022) 
 
 37 

10.1 3 
 Amended and Restated Deferred Purchase Factoring Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2020, among Steven Madden, Ltd., certain subsidiaries of Steven Madden, Ltd. party thereto and Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2020) 
 10.1 4 
 Third Amended Employment Agreement dated July 15, 2005 between the Company and Steven Madden (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 20, 2005) 
 10.15 
 Amendment dated December 14, 2009 to Third Amended Employment Agreement between the Company and Steven Madden (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 17, 2009) 
 10.1 6 
 Amended and Restated Second Amendment dated as of December 31, 2011 to Third Amended Employment Agreement between the Company and Steven Madden (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 filed with the SEC on February 29, 2012) 
 10.1 7 
 Third Amendment dated April 8, 2016 to Third Amended Employment Agreement between the Company and Steven Madden (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2016 filed with the SEC on May 6, 2016) 
 10. 18 
 Fourth Amendment dated March 25, 2019 to Third Amended Employment Agreement between the Company and Steven Madden (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2019) 
 10.19 
 Employment Agreement dated as of May 15, 2023 between the Company and Karla Frieders # 
 10.20 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2024, between the Company and Edward R. Rosenfeld # 
 10.2 1 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2022, between the Company and Amelia Newton Varela (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022)# 
 10.2 2 
 Employment Agreement dated as of November 10, 2023, between the Company and Zine Mazouzi (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 15, 2023)# 
 10.2 3 
 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated Effective May 22, 2009), amended by the Board of Directors of the Company on April 5, 2012 and approved and adopted by the Company's stockholders on May 25, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 filed with the SEC on March 1, 2013)# 
 10.2 4 
 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan, as adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on February 25, 2019 and approved and adopted by the Company's stockholders on May 24, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2019 filed with the SEC on August 5, 2019)# 
 10.25 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement # 
 10.26 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Non-Employee Directors) 
 10.27 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement # 
 10.28 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Award Agreement # 
 10.29 
 Form of Acknowledgment of Clawback Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023) 
 10.3 0 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2023, among Steven Madden, Ltd., the other loan parties party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Citizens Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (which includes the marked Credit Agreement as Annex I thereto) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 6, 2023) 
 10.3 1 
 Credit Approved Receivables Purchasing Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2023, among Steven Madden, Ltd., the subsidiaries and affiliates of Steven Madden, Ltd. party thereto, and The CIT Group/Commercial Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 6, 2023) 
 10.3 2 
 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2023, among Steven Madden, Ltd., the other loan parties party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Citizens Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (which includes the marked Credit Agreement as Annex I thereto) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 26, 2023) 
 10.3 3 
 Notification Factoring Rider to the Credit Approved Receivables Purchasing Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2023, among Steven Madden, Ltd., Daniel M. Friedman Associates, Inc., and The CIT Group/Commercial Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 26, 2023) 
 
 38 

10.3 4 
 Fifth Amendment to Third Amended Employment Agreement, dated November 10, 2023, between the Company and Steven Madden (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 15, 2023) 
 10.3 5 
 Employment Agreement dated as of January 24, 2024, between the Company and Lisa Keith # 
 14.01 
 Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers 
 14.02 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for the Board of Directors 
 14.03 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.03 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 filed with the SEC on February 28, 2019) 
 21.01 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.01 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 
 24.01 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page hereto) 
 31.01 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.02 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.01 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.02 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 97 
 Clawback Policy 
 101 The following materials from Steven Madden, Ltd.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and (vii) information set forth under paragraph (b) in Part II, Item 9B, tagged as blocks of text. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL) with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibit 101. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 # Indicates management contract, or compensatory plan, or arrangement required to be identified pursuant to Item 15(b) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 This exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filing, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 39 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 DATE: March 4, 2024 
 STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. /s/ EDWARD R. ROSENFELD Edward R. Rosenfeld Chairman and Chief Executive Officer /s/ ZINE MAZOUZI Zine Mazouzi Chief Financial Officer 
 
 40 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned constitutes and appoints Edward R. Rosenfeld and Zine Mazouzi, and each of them, as attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for and in the name, place and stead of the undersigned, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorney-in-fact or substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ EDWARD R. ROSENFELD Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director March 4, 2024 Edward R. Rosenfeld /s/ ZINE MAZOUZI Chief Financial Officer March 4, 2024 Zine Mazouzi /s/ AMELIA NEWTON VARELA President and Director March 4, 2024 Amelia Newton Varela /s/ PETER DAVIS Director March 4, 2024 Peter Davis /s/ AL FERRARA Director March 4, 2024 Al Ferrara /s/ ROSE LYNCH Director March 4, 2024 Rose Lynch /s/ MITCHELL S. KLIPPER Director March 4, 2024 Mitchell S. Klipper /s/ MAR A TERESA KUMAR Director March 4, 2024 Mar a Teresa Kumar /s/ PETER MIGLIORINI Director March 4, 2024 Peter Migliorini /s/ RAVI SACHDEV Director March 4, 2024 Ravi Sachdev /s/ ARIAN SIMONE REED Director March 4, 2024 Arian Simone Reed /s/ ROBERT SMITH Director March 4, 2024 Robert Smith 
 
 41 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm [PCAOB ID No. ] 
 F- 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 3 and 202 2 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 202 3 , 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 3 , 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 3 , 202 2 and 2021 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Steven Madden, Ltd. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Steven Madden, Ltd. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 4, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F-1 

Markdown Allowances Description of the Matter As described in Note B to the consolidated financial statements, revenue recognized by the Company is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring goods, which includes estimates for variable consideration. Variable consideration includes markdown allowances which are recorded as a reduction of revenue in the period in which revenue is recognized. Estimating the amount of markdown allowances to be recorded requires management to review several performance indicators, including retailers inventory levels, sell-through rates and gross margin levels. 
 
 Auditing management's estimate of markdown allowances reserves was complex and judgmental as reserve amounts are sensitive to changes in market or economic conditions, and have a direct, material impact on the amount of revenue recognized by the Company. There is also significant estimation required to establish markdown reserve rates by brand and customer, which are based on the Company's review of periodic negotiations with each customer and the expected performance of the products in the customers' stores. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company s process to calculate the markdown allowances, including the consideration of historical experience, actual and forecasted results, and current economic and market conditions. 
 
 To test the estimate of markdown allowances, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing methodologies and testing the assumptions regarding periodic negotiations with each customer, which include the application of market and economic conditions to individual customers and the expected performance of the products in the customers' stores, that were used by the Company to calculate the projected markdown allowances to be issued upon settlement. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current market and economic trends, historical results and other relevant factors. We also examined the historical accuracy of management's estimates and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to substantively test the changes in the estimate that would result from reasonable changes in the assumptions. 
 Valuation of intangible assets acquired in the Almost Famous acquisition and the related contingent payment liability Description of the Matter As described in Note D to the consolidated financial statements, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets and certain liabilities of Turn On Products Inc. d/b/a Almost Famous on October 20, 2023 for a total purchase price of 86.5 million, which included the estimated fair value of 13.3 million for a future payment contingent on the business achieving certain EBIT targets contingent payment liability ). The Company accounted for the business combination by allocating the total cost of the acquisition to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. The assets acquired included customer relationships intangible assets that were valued at 23.9 million. 
 F-2 

Auditing the Company's accounting for its acquisition of Almost Famous was complex due to the significant estimation uncertainty in determining the fair value of the customer relationships intangible assets acquired and the fair value of the contingent payment liability. The significant assumptions used to estimate the value of the customer relationships intangible assets included forecasted revenue, EBITDA margin, customer attrition rate, and discount rates. The significant assumptions used to estimate the value of the contingent payment liability included projected EBIT over the earn-out period and the discount rate. The significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness internal controls over the accounting for the acquisition of Almost Famous. For example, we tested controls over the Company s process to measure the acquired customer relationships intangible assets and contingent payment liability, as well as controls over management s review of the significant assumptions described above. To test the estimated fair value of the acquired customer relationships intangible assets and contingent payment liability, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the valuation methodologies used, evaluating the significant assumptions described above and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by the Company in its analyses. For example, we evaluated the Company s forecasted revenue and EBITDA margin used to value the customer relationships intangible assets and forecasted EBIT used to value the contingent payment liability by considering historical results of the acquired business and current industry and economic trends. In addition, we involved our internal valuation specialists to assist in testing methodologies and certain significant assumptions including the attrition rates and discount rates used to value the customer relationships intangible assets and the discount rate used to value the contingent payment liability. We also performed a sensitivity analysis on certain of the significant assumptions to evaluate the change in the fair value estimates that would result from changes in assumptions. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March 4, 2024 

F-3 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Steven Madden, Ltd. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Steven Madden, Ltd. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Steven Madden, Ltd. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 As indicated in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Almost Famous, which is included in the 2023 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted 8.8 of consolidated total assets as of December 31, 2023 and 1.9 of consolidated total revenue for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Almost Famous. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes and our report dated March 4, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 New York, New York 
 March 4, 2024 
 
 F-4 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 As of December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and 
 Factor accounts receivable Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Income tax receivable and prepaid income taxes Total current assets Note receivable - related party Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use asset Deferred tax assets Deposits and other Goodwill Intangibles, net Total Assets LIABILITIES Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Operating leases - current portion Income taxes payable Contingent payment liability - current portion Accrued incentive compensation Total current liabilities Contingent payment liability - long-term portion Operating leases - long-term portion Deferred tax liabilities Other liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments, contingencies and other (Note O) 
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred stock par value, shares authorized; issued; Series A Junior Participating preferred stock par value, shares authorized; issued 
 Common stock par value, shares authorized, and shares issued, and shares outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock and shares at cost 
 ) ) Total Steven Madden, Ltd. stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total stockholders equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F-4 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands except share data) 2023 2022 2021 Net sales Commission and licensing fee income Total revenue Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) Gross profit Operating expenses Impairment of intangibles Impairment of lease right-of-use assets and fixed assets Income from operations Interest and other income/(expense) - net ) Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to Steven Madden, Ltd. Basic net income per share Diluted net income per share Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities options/restricted stock Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Cash dividends declared per common share See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F-5 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Pre-tax amounts Tax benefit After-tax amounts Net income Other comprehensive income: Foreign currency translation adjustment (Loss) on cash flow hedging derivatives ) ) Total other comprehensive income Comprehensive income Less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income attributable to Steven Madden, Ltd. Year Ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Pre-tax amounts Tax benefit After-tax amounts Net income Other comprehensive (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) (Loss) on cash flow hedging derivatives ) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income Less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income attributable to Steven Madden, Ltd. Year Ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Pre-tax amounts Tax expense After-tax amounts Net income Other comprehensive income: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Gain on cash flow hedging derivatives ) Total other comprehensive income ) Comprehensive income Less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income attributable to Steven Madden, Ltd. See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F-6 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Treasury Stock Non-Controlling Interest Total Stockholders' Equity (in thousands except share data) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance - December 31, 2020 ) ) Share repurchases and net settlement of restricted stock awards ) ) ) Exercise and net settlement of stock options ) Issuance of restricted stock, net of forfeitures Stock-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Cash flow hedge (net of tax expense of 
 Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Investment of noncontrolling interest ) ) Acquisition adjustment of noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Net income Balance - December 31, 2021 ) ) Share repurchases and net settlement of restricted stock awards ) ) ) Exercise and net settlement of stock options Issuance of restricted stock, net of forfeitures Stock-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Cash flow hedge (net of tax benefit of 
 ) ) Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Investment of noncontrolling interest Distributions to noncontrolling interests, net ) ) Sale of minority ownership of joint venture ) Net income Balance - December 31, 2022 ) ) Share repurchases and net settlement of restricted stock awards ) ) ) ) Exercise and net settlement of stock options ) ) Issuance of restricted stock, net of forfeitures Stock-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment Cash flow hedge (net of tax benefit of 
 ) ) Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Investment of noncontrolling interest Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income Balance - December 31, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F-7 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Stock-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Loss on disposal of fixed assets Impairment of intangibles Impairment of lease right-of-use asset and fixed assets Deferred taxes Accrued interest on note receivable related party ) ) ) Note receivable - related party Change in valuation of contingent liability ) Gain on sale of trademark ) Other operating activities ) ) Recovery of receivables, related to the Payless ShoeSource bankruptcy ) Changes, net of acquisitions, in: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Factor accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses, income tax receivables, prepaid taxes, and other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Accrued incentive compensation ) Leases and other liabilities ) ) ) Payment of contingent consideration ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Purchases of short-term investments ) ) ) Maturity/sale of short-term investments Acquisition of Almost Famous ) Purchase/sale of a trademark ) Other investing activities ) ) Net cash (used in)/provided by investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from exercise of stock options Investment of noncontrolling interest Acquisition of incremental ownership of joint ventures ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest earnings ) ) ) Sale of minority interest of a subsidiary Common stock repurchased and net settlements of stock awards ) ) ) Cash dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Payment of contingent consideration ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

All figures discussed in these notes to our consolidated financial statements are in thousands, except for store count and per share amounts. 
 brick-and-mortar stores and e-commerce sites. 
 
 F-9 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized utilizing the straight-line method over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the remaining lease term. Impairment losses are recognized in income from operations for property and equipment and other long-lived assets when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are not sufficient to recover the assets' carrying amount. Impairment losses are measured by comparing the fair value of the assets to their carrying amount. See Note F Property and Equipment for further information. 
 The accumulated balances for each component of other comprehensive loss attributable to the Company were as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Cash flow hedges, net of tax ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss in operating income in the Consolidated Statements of Income during 2023, 2022, and 2021 were a gain of , and a loss of and , respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, advertising expenses included in operating expenses amounted to approximately , , and , respectively. 
 F-11 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 brick-and-mortar stores throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe, Israel, Middle East, South Africa, and China, 25 Company-operated concessions in international markets, and e-commerce sites. The Company generates revenue through the sale of branded footwear, apparel, and accessories directly to the consumer. The Company's revenue associated with brick-and-mortar store sales is recognized at the time of the point of sale when the customer takes control of the goods and payment is received. The Company's e-commerce business recognizes sales upon receipt of goods by the customer. 
 First Cost Segment. The Company earns commissions for serving as a buying agent for footwear products under private labels and certain owned brands for select national chains, and value-priced retailers. As a buying agent, the Company utilizes its expertise and relationships with shoe manufacturers to facilitate the production of private label shoes to customer specifications. The Company s commission revenue also includes fees charged for its design and product development services provided to certain suppliers. The Company satisfies its performance obligation to its customers by performing the services required in the buying agency agreements and thereby earns its commission fee at the point in time when the customer s freight forwarder takes control of the goods. As of January 2023, the Company no longer serves as a buying agent for any of its customers, and as a result no longer reports under the First Cost segment. 
 Licensing Segment. The Company licenses various owned trademarks under licensing agreements for use in connection with the manufacture, marketing, and sale of select apparel, accessory, and home categories, as well as various other non-core products. The license agreements require the licensee to pay the Company a royalty and, in substantially all of the agreements, an advertising fee, both of which are based on the higher of a minimum or actual net revenues percentage as defined in the various agreements. For license agreements where the sales-based percentage fee exceeds the contractual minimum fee, the Company recognizes revenues as the licensed products are sold as reported to the Company by its licensees. In substantially all of the Company s license agreements, the minimum guaranteed royalty is earned and received on a quarterly basis. For license agreements where the sales-based percentage fee does not exceed the contractual minimum fee, the Company recognizes the contractual minimum fee as revenue ratably over the contractual period. 
 Variable Consideration 
 The Company supports retailers initiatives to maximize the sales of the Company s products on the retail floor by providing markdown allowances and participating in various other marketing initiatives by subsidizing certain co-op advertising programs of such retailers. Such expenses are reflected in the consolidated financial statements as deductions to arrive at net revenues. 
 Markdown Allowances. The Company provides markdown allowances to its retailer customers, which are recorded as a reduction of revenue in the period in which the branded footwear and accessories revenues are recognized. The Company estimates its markdown allowances by reviewing several performance indicators, including retailers' inventory levels, sell-through rates, and gross margin levels. 
 F-12 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the total warehouse and shipping costs (except costs incurred to ship from warehouse to retail stores) included in operating expenses were , , and , respectively. Since the Company's standard terms of sales are FOB Steve Madden warehouse, the Company's wholesale customers absorb most shipping costs. Shipping costs to wholesale customers incurred by the Company are not considered significant and are included in the operating expenses line item in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 of employees' contributions up to a maximum of of employees' compensation, which vest to the employees over a period of time. Total matching contributions to the plan for 2023, 2022, and 2021 were approximately , , and , respectively. 
 F-13 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 to years and may have renewal or early termination options ranging from to years. A majority of the retail store leases provide for contingent rental payments if gross sales exceed certain targets. In addition, many of the leases contain rent escalation clauses to compensate for increases in operating costs and real estate taxes. Rent expense is calculated by amortizing total base rental payments (net of any rental abatements, construction allowances, and other rental concessions), on a straight-line basis, over the lease term. When deemed reasonably certain, the 
 F-14 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Reclassifications: 
 Certain reclassifications were made to prior years' amounts to conform to the 2023 presentation. 
 
 The Company has considered all new accounting pronouncements and has concluded that there are no additional pronouncements that may have a material impact on its results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 
 and a future payment contingent on the Almost Famous brand achieving certain earnings before interest and tax ("EBIT") targets. In connection therewith, we recorded a short-term liability of and a long-term liability of as of the date of acquisition to reflect the estimated fair value of the contingent purchase price. The fair value of the contingent payments liability was estimated on the date of acquisition using the Monte Carlo simulation model, which included significant unobservable Level 3 inputs, such as projected EBIT over the earn-out period and a discount rate of 20.3 . Changes in these significant unobservable inputs might result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement. The maximum consideration which can be paid over the consideration period of four years is 68,000 and there are no minimum payments required. The liability will be remeasured at each reporting period with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. After the effect of closing adjustments, the total purchase price of the acquisition was . 
 F-15 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Inventories Factor accounts receivable Operating lease right-of-use asset Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment, net Intangibles, net (1) 
 Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) Operating leases - current portion ) Operating leases - long-term portion ) Total fair value excluding goodwill Goodwill Net assets acquired 
 (1) Consists of a Trademark of and customer relationships of , both of which are amortized over years. 
 The acquisition was accounted for in accordance with FASB Topic ASC 805 ("Business Combinations"), which requires that the total cost of an acquisition be allocated to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. 
 The Company recorded goodwill for the acquisition based on the amount by which the purchase price exceeded the fair value of the net assets acquired, which consists largely of the synergies expected from the acquisitions. For tax purposes, this goodwill will be amortized over a year period. 
 Preliminary estimates of the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are subject to revision, which may result in adjustments to the preliminary values recorded during the measurement period (a period not to exceed months from acquisition date). 
 The fair value of the trademark was estimated using the relief-from-royalty method, which presumes the owner of the asset avoids hypothetical royalty payments that would need to be made for the use of the asset if the asset was not owned. Key assumptions and estimates used are forecasted revenue, a royalty rate of , and a discount rate of . Such assumptions included significant unobservable inputs and changes in these significant unobservable inputs might result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement. The useful life of the trademark was estimated to be 20 years and amortization for the trademark has been recorded in operating expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 The fair value of the customer relationships was estimated using the multi-period excess earnings method. The excess earnings methodology is an income approach methodology that estimates the projected cash flows of the business attributable to the customer relationships, net of charges for the use of other identifiable assets of the business including working capital, fixed assets, and other intangible assets. Key assumptions and estimates used in deriving the projected cash flows are forecasted revenue, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ("EBITDA") margin of , customer attrition rate of , and discount rates in the range of to . Such assumptions include significant unobservable inputs and such changes in these significant unobservable inputs might result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement. The useful life of the customer relationships was estimated to be 20 years and amortization for these intangible assets has been recorded in operating expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 F-16 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 for the year ended December 31, 2023 have been recorded within operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 AG SM Holdings Ltd 
 On December 23, 2022, the Company formed a joint venture ("AG SM Holdings Ltd.") with Apparel FZCO, through its subsidiary, Madden Asia Holding Limited. The Company owns interest in AG SM Holdings Ltd. and paid a contribution of . AG SM Holdings Ltd. is the exclusive distributor of the Company's products in the Middle East. As the Company has a controlling financial interest in the joint venture in AG SM Holdings Ltd., the assets, liabilities, and results of operations of AG SM Holdings Ltd. are consolidated and included in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The other member's interest is reflected in Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Noncontrolling interests in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Dolce Vita Handbags 
 On December 27, 2021, the Company acquired the rights for Dolce Vita Handbags for the total purchase price of , which include trademarks and all internet domain name registrations. 
 South African joint venture 
 On June 28, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of the remaining non-controlling interest in its South African joint venture in the amount of . The South African joint venture was formed in 2014 and distributes Steve Madden footwear and accessories/apparel throughout South Africa. 
 European joint venture 
 On April 14, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of the remaining non-controlling interest in its European joint venture in the amount of . The European joint venture was formed in 2016 and distributes Steve Madden and Dolce Vita footwear and accessories/apparel to most countries throughout Europe. 
 Sale of Minority Noncontrolling Interest 
 On April 1, 2022, the Company sold a minority non-controlling interest in Steve Madden South Africa Proprietary Limited for to a third party to form a joint venture. 
 
 F-17 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Total assets Liabilities: Contingent consideration (1) 
 Forward contracts Total liabilities 
 (1) On December 31, 2023, was recorded in Contingent payment liability - current portion and was recorded in Contingent payment liability - long-term portion. 
 Forward contracts are used to manage the risk associated with the volatility of future cash flows (see Note L Derivative Instruments). Fair value of these instruments is based on observable market transactions of spot and forward rates. 
 2022: Liabilities: Contingent consideration ) ) 
 (1) In 2022, amount consists of an adjustment of ) that was included as a benefit in operating expenses, related to the change in valuation of the contingent consideration in connection with the acquisition of B.B. Dakota, Inc. 
 (2) On December 31, 2022, the transfer out of Level 3 amount of , which was recorded in the current portion of our contingent payment liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, represented the current portion of our contingent liabilities and was measured at the amount payable based on actual EBITDA performance for the related performance period, and was paid as of December 31, 2023. 
 At December 31, 2023, the liability for potential contingent consideration was in connection with the October 20, 2023 acquisition of Almost Famous. There was no significant change to the fair value of the liability since the date of acquisition. 
 The fair values of goodwill and intangibles are measured on a non-recurring basis and are determined using Level 3 inputs, including forecasted cash flows, discount rates, and implied royalty rates (see Note D Acquisitions Sale of Minority Noncontrolling Interest and Note G Goodwill and Intangible Assets). 
 The fair values of lease right-of-use assets and fixed assets related to company-owned retail stores are measured on a non-recurring basis and are determined using Level 3 inputs, including estimated discounted future cash flows associated with the assets using sales trends, market rents, and market participant assumptions (see Note F Property and Equipment and Note M Leases). 
 The carrying value of certain financial instruments such as cash equivalents, certificates of deposit, accounts receivable, factor accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximates their fair values due to the short-term nature of their underlying terms. Fair value of the notes receivable held by the Company approximates their carrying value based upon their imputed or actual interest rate, which approximates applicable current market interest rates. Some assets are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments only in certain circumstances (non-recurring). These assets can include long-lived assets that have been reduced to fair value when impaired. Assets that are written down to fair value when impaired are not subsequently adjusted to fair value unless further impairment occurs. 
 F-18 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (Building) 
 Leasehold improvements Lesser of remaining lease or asset life Machinery and equipment years 
 Furniture and fixtures to years 
 Computer equipment and software to years 
 Construction in progress Less: impairments and disposals ) ) Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment - net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment included in operating expenses amounted to approximately , , and in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, and includes computer software amortization expense for 2023, 2022, and 2021 of , , and , respectively. 
 Property and equipment, along with other long-lived assets, are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. In 2021, the Company identified indicators of impairment for long-lived assets at certain retail stores. For such stores, the Company performed a recoverability test, comparing estimated undiscounted cash flows to the carrying value of the related long-lived assets. When the carrying value was more than the estimated undiscounted cash flows, the Company determined that an impairment test was required. Fair values of the long-lived assets were estimated using an income approach based on management s forecast of future cash flows derived from continued retail operations and the fair values of individual operating lease assets were determined using estimated market rental rates. Significant estimates are used in determining future cash flows of each store over its remaining lease term, including the Company's expectations of future projected cash flows that include revenues, operating expenses, and market conditions. An impairment loss is recorded if the carrying amount of the long-lived asset group exceeds its fair value. As a result, the Company recorded an impairment charge of related to furniture fixtures and leasehold improvements for the year ended December 31, 2021. These impairment charges were recorded in the Direct-to-Consumer segment. There were no impairment charges recorded for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 F-19 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Translation ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Acquisitions Translation Balance at December 31, 2023 
 The following table details identifiable intangible assets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022: 
 ) ) Customer relationships - years 
 ) ) ) ) Re-acquired right indefinite ) Trademarks indefinite ) ) ) 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company acquired Almost Famous, which consisted of a Trademark of and customer relationships of , both of which are amortized over years.. 
 (2) During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded impairment charges of related to the GREATS trademark. 
 (3) Includes the effect of foreign currency translation related primarily to the movements of the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso in relation to the U.S. dollar. 
 
 years 
 ) ) Customer relationships - years 
 ) ) ) ) Re-acquired right indefinite ) Trademarks indefinite ) ) 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company purchased the trademark for Dolce Vita Handbags for and the cash consideration was paid in 2022. 
 (2) Includes the effect of foreign currency translation related primarily to the movements of the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso in relation to the U.S. dollar. 
 The Company evaluates its goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for indicators of impairment at least annually in the beginning of the third quarter of each year and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. The Company also periodically performs a quantitative test to assess its goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment in lieu of using the qualitative approach in order to reassess the fair values. A quantitative assessment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets was performed as of July 1, 2023. In conducting the quantitative impairment assessments for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles, the Company concluded that the fair values of its reporting units exceeded their carrying values and the fair values of its indefinite-lived intangibles exceeded their respective carrying values. In the fourth quarter of 2023, certain circumstances occurred that indicated potential impairment and the Company performed a valuation of the GREATS trademark. The estimated fair value of this trademark was determined using an excess earnings method, incorporating the use of projected financial information and a discount rate of which was developed using market participant based assumptions. Changes in these significant unobservable inputs might result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement. As a result of this assessment, the GREATS trademark was written down 
 F-20 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 to its fair value of , resulting in a pre-tax non-cash impairment charge of . This charge was recorded in impairment of intangibles in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income and recognized in the Direct-to-Consumer segment. 
 A qualitative assessment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets was performed as of July 1, 2022. In conducting the qualitative impairment assessments for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles, the Company concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair values of its reporting units exceeded their carrying values and the fair values of its indefinite-lived intangibles exceeded their respective carrying values. Therefore, in 2022, as a result of the annual tests, no impairment charges were recorded for goodwill and intangibles. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, certain decisions were made by the Company that resulted in the change in useful life of the BB Dakota trademark from an indefinite to a finite life. As a result, the BB Dakota trademark was assessed for impairment. The estimated fair value of this trademark was determined using an excess earnings method, incorporating the use of projected financial information and a discount rate which was developed using market participant based assumptions. As a result of this assessment, the BB Dakota trademark was written down from the carrying value of to its fair value of , resulting in a pre-tax non-cash impairment charge of . This charge was recorded in impairment of intangibles in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income and recognized in the Wholesale Accessories/Apparel segment. The fair value of was amortized over its remaining useful life of , and was fully amortized in 2022. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold one of its internally developed trademarks for a gain of , which was recorded in operating expenses in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 The amortization of intangible assets amounted to , , and for 2023, 2022, and 2021 and is included in operating expenses in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 Stock-based awards, including restricted stock and stock options granted, net of expired or cancelled awards ) Common stock available for grant of stock-based awards as of December 31, 2023 
 In addition, vested and unvested options to purchase shares of common stock and shares of unvested restricted stock awarded under the 2006 Plan were outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 
 F-21 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Stock options Total 
 We calculate an estimated forfeiture rate annually based on historical forfeiture and expectations about future forfeitures. Equity-based compensation is included in operating expenses on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Restricted Stock 
 The following table summarizes restricted stock activity during the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022: 
 (in thousands) 
 Number of Shares Weighted Average Fair Value at Grant Date Outstanding at January 1, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock awards granted under the 2019 Plan and the 2006 Plan. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The Company determines the fair value of its restricted stock awards based on the market price of its common stock on the date of grant. 
 The fair values of the restricted stock that vested during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 were , , and , respectively. 
 F-22 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 years Vested and Exercisable at December 31, 2022 years Outstanding at January 1, 2023 Granted Exercised ) Expired ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2023 years Vested and Exercisable at December 31, 2023 years 
 At December 31, 2023, of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock option awards is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Additional information pertaining to the Company's stock option plan was as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Cash received from the exercise of stock options Intrinsic value of stock options exercised Tax benefits realized on exercise of stock options 
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of options granted, which requires several assumptions. The expected term of the options represents the estimated period of time until exercise and is based on the historical experience of similar awards. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. The dividend yield is based on the Company's annualized dividend per share amount divided by the Company's stock price. New shares are issued upon option exercise. 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 Risk free interest rate to 
 to 
 to 
 Expected life in years to 
 to 
 to 
 Dividend yield Weighted average fair value 
 F-23 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 shares of preferred stock. The Board of Directors has designated shares of such preferred stock as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock Series A Preferred ). Holders of the shares of Series A Preferred are entitled to dividends equal to times dividends declared or paid on the Company's common stock. Each share of Series A Preferred entitles the holder to vote on all matters submitted to the holders of common stock. The Series A Preferred has a liquidation preference of per share and is not redeemable by the Company. No shares of preferred stock have been issued. 
 
 , bringing the total authorization to . The Share Repurchase Program permits the Company to effect repurchases from time to time through a combination of open market repurchases or in privately negotiated transactions at such prices and times as are determined to be in the best interest of the Company. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, an aggregate of and , respectively, shares of the Company's common stock, excluding net settlements of employee stock awards, were repurchased under the Share Repurchase Program, at a weighted average price per share of and , respectively, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately and , respectively. As of December 31, 2023, approximately remained available for future repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. 
 The Steven Madden, Ltd. Amended and Restated 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (as further amended, the "2006 Plan"), which expired on April 6, 2019, and the Steven Madden, Ltd. 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan (the "2019 Plan") both provide the Company with the right to deduct or withhold, or require employees to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy any applicable tax withholding and/or option cost obligations applicable to stock-based compensation awards. To the extent permitted, employees may elect to satisfy all or part of such withholding obligations by tendering to the Company previously owned shares or by having the Company withhold shares having a fair market value equal to the employee's withholding tax obligation and/or option cost. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, an aggregate of and shares, respectively, were withheld in connection with the settlement of employee stock awards to satisfy tax-withholding requirements and option costs, at an average price per share of and , respectively, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately and , respectively. 
 
 , , and shares for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Diluted net income per share reflects: a) the potential dilution assuming shares of common stock were issued upon the exercise of outstanding in-the-money options and the assumed proceeds, which are deemed to be the proceeds from the exercise plus compensation cost not yet recognized attributable to future services using the treasury method, were used to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at the average market price during the period, and b) the vesting of granted non-vested restricted stock awards for which the assumed proceeds upon vesting are deemed to be the amount of compensation cost not yet recognized attributable to future services using the treasury stock method, to the extent dilutive. 
 F-24 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Basic net income per share Diluted net income per share Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Effect of dilutive securities: Stock awards and options to purchase shares of common stock Diluted 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, options to purchase approximately , , and , respectively, shares of common stock, respectively, have been excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share, as the result would have been anti-dilutive. For the year ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, , , and , respectively, restricted shares, were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share, as the result would have been anti-dilutive. The Company had contingently issuable performance awards outstanding that did not meet the performance conditions as of year ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, therefore, were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per common share for the year ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. The maximum number of potentially dilutive shares that could be issued upon vesting for these performance awards was approximately , , and , respectively, as of December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. These amounts were also excluded from the computation of weighted average potentially dilutive securities. 
 
 , with current maturity dates ranging from January 2024 to December 2024 and the fair value included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets in other current assets of and other current liabilities of . For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company's hedging activities were considered effective, and, thus, no ineffectiveness from hedging activities was recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income during the year. These gains and losses are recognized in cost of sales on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 F-25 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Liabilities Current Operating leases - current portion Noncurrent Operating leases - long-term portion Total operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term years years Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 Variable lease cost (1) 
 Less: sublease income Total lease cost 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred expenses related to the COVID-19 lease amendments of , which were included in variable lease cost. There were no lease amendments for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 The Company recorded impairment charges of related to lease right-of-use assets for the year ended December 31, 2021. These impairment charges were recorded in the Direct-to-Consumer and Wholesale Accessories/Apparel segments. No such impairment charges were recorded in 2023 and 2022. 
 Noncash transactions: Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Right-of-use asset amortization expense (1) 

F-26 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: interest Total lease liabilities 
 Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was approximately , , and , respectively. 
 
 Foreign 
 State and local Foreign Deferred: Federal ) State and local Foreign 
 F-27 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Effects of foreign operations ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) State and local income taxes - net of federal income tax benefit Nondeductible items Valuation allowance ) ) Other ) ) Effective tax rate 
 The primary changes between the Company s effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are due to a higher tax benefit related to equity-based awards and a decrease in pre-tax income in jurisdictions with higher tax rates. The primary changes between the Company s effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 are due to a lower tax benefit related to equity-based awards and an increase in pre-tax income in jurisdictions with higher tax rates. 
 Inventory Accrued expenses Deferred compensation Net operating loss carryforwards Lease liability Other Gross deferred tax assets before valuation allowance Less: valuation allowance Gross deferred tax assets after valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities Depreciation and amortization ) ) Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries ) ) Right-of-use asset ) ) Amortization of goodwill ) ) Indefinite-lived intangibles ) ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 The Company applies the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. 
 The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and carryforward periods), projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. 
 F-28 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 is due to a decrease of net operating loss deferred tax assets in various foreign subsidiaries, which resulted in an aggregate valuation allowance of for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) Ending Balance 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate is approximately , , and , in the aggregate, respectively. The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. Accrued interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits and interest and penalty expense was immaterial to the consolidated financial statements for all periods presented. It is reasonably possible that the unrecognized tax benefits will decrease in the next twelve months. 
 The Company s consolidated financial statements provide for any related tax liability on amounts that may be repatriated from foreign operations, aside from undistributed earnings of certain of the Company s foreign subsidiaries that are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in operations outside the U.S. The deferred tax liability of at December 31, 2023 reflects the withholding tax on amounts that may be repatriated from foreign operations. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA was signed into law, which contains certain revisions to the Internal Revenue Code, including a 15 corporate minimum income tax for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. While the 15 corporate minimum income tax has no effect on the Company s results of operations in the near term, we will continue to evaluate its impact as further information becomes available. The Inflation reduction Act also assesses a 1 excise tax on repurchases of corporate stock which will continue to impact the Company s stock repurchases. 
 The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD has proposed to enact a global minimum tax rate of at least 15 for large multinational companies beginning in 2024 Pillar Two ). Under Pillar Two, a top-up tax will be required for any jurisdiction whose effective tax rate falls below the 15 global minimum rate. Additionally, the OECD issued administrative guidance providing transition and safe harbor rules around the implementation of the Pillar Two global minimum tax. Under the safe harbor, companies would be excluded from Pillar Two requirements provided certain criteria are met. Based on preliminary analysis, the enactment of Pillar Two legislation is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s financial position. The Company will continue to monitor and reflect the impact of such legislative changes in future periods, as appropriate. 
 
 in letters of credit outstanding unrelated to the Company's Credit Agreement. 
 F-29 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 for 2024 and for 2025 through 2026. Royalty expenses are included in the cost of sales on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Concentrations: 
 The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents with various major financial institutions, which at times are in excess of the amount insured. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Company did not purchase more than of its merchandise from any single supplier. Total product purchases from vendors located in China for the year ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, were , , and , respectively. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company did not have any customers who accounted for more than of total revenue. At December 31, 2023, three customers accounted for , , and of total accounts receivable. The Company did not have any other customers who accounted for more than 10 of total accounts receivable. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any customers who accounted for more than of total revenue. At December 31, 2022, three customers accounted for , , and of total accounts receivable. The Company did not have any other customers who accounted for more than 10 of total accounts receivable. 
 At December 31, 2021, two customers represented approximately and of total revenue. At December 31, 2021, the same two customers accounted for and of total accounts receivable. The Company did not have any other customers who accounted for more than of total revenue or any other customers who accounted for more than of total accounts receivable. 
 Purchases are made primarily in United States dollars. 
 
 , secured revolving credit agreement (as amended to date, the Credit Agreement with various lenders and Citizens Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the Agent ), which replaced the Company s existing credit facility provided by Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc. Rosenthal ). The Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility scheduled to mature on July 22, 2025. 
 The initial maximum availability under the Credit Facility is subject to a borrowing base calculation consisting of certain eligible accounts receivable, credit card receivables, inventory, and in-transit inventory. Availability under the Credit Facility is reduced by outstanding letters of credit. The Company may from time-to-time increase the maximum availability under the Credit Agreement by up to if certain conditions are satisfied. 
 On March 25, 2022, an amendment to the Credit Agreement (the Amendment replaced the London Interbank Offering Rate LIBOR with the Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index BSBY as the interest rate benchmark. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement generally bear interest at a variable rate equal to a specified margin, which is based upon the average availability under the Credit Facility from time to time, plus, at the Company s election, (i) BSBY for the 
 F-30 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 , and (c) the sum of the one-month BSBY rate plus ). Furthermore, the Amendment reduced the specified margin used to determine the interest rate under the Credit Agreement and reduced the commitment fee paid by the Company to the Agent, for the account of each lender. Additionally, the Amendment reduced the frequency of the Company s borrowing base reporting requirements when no loans are outstanding. The Amendment also extended the maturity date of the Credit Agreement to March 20, 2027. As amended on April 3, 2023, on October 23, 2023, the Credit Agreement was further amended to accommodate changes made to the Company s factoring arrangement with CIT pursuant to the Notification Factoring Rider as described in Note Q Factoring Agreements. 
 Under the Credit Agreement, the Company must also pay (i) a commitment fee to the Agent, for the account of each lender, which accrues at a rate equal to per annum on the average daily unused amount of the commitment of such lender, (ii) a letter of credit participation fee to the Agent, for the account of each lender, ranging from to per annum, based upon average availability under the Credit Facility from time to time, multiplied by the average daily amount available to be drawn under the applicable letter of credit, and (iii) a letter of credit fronting fee to each issuer of a letter of credit under the Credit Agreement, which will accrue at a rate per annum separately agreed upon between the Company and such issuer. 
 The Credit Agreement contains various restrictions and covenants applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries. Among other requirements, availability under the Credit Facility must, at all times, (i) prior to the occurrence of the permanent borrowing base trigger (as defined in the Credit Agreement), equal or exceed the greater of and of the line cap (as defined in the Credit Agreement), and (ii) after the occurrence of the permanent borrowing base trigger, equal or exceed the greater of and of the line cap (as defined in the Credit Agreement). Other than this minimum availability requirement, the Credit Agreement does not include any financial maintenance covenants. 
 The Credit Agreement requires the Company and various subsidiaries of the Company to guarantee each other s obligations arising from time to time under the Credit Facility, as well as obligations arising in respect of certain cash management and hedging transactions. Subject to customary exceptions and limitations, all borrowings under the Credit Agreement are secured by a lien on all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and each subsidiary guarantor. 
 The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default. If an event of default under the Credit Agreement occurs and is continuing, then the Agent may, and at the request of the required lenders shall, terminate the loan commitments under the Credit Agreement, declare any outstanding obligations under the Credit Agreement to be immediately due and payable, or require the Company to adequately cash collateralize outstanding letter of credit obligations. If the Company or, with certain exceptions, a subsidiary becomes the subject of a proceeding under any bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar law, then the loan commitments under the Credit Agreement will automatically terminate, and any outstanding obligations under the Credit Agreement and the cash collateral required under the Credit Agreement for any outstanding letter of credit obligations will become immediately due and payable. 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had cash borrowings and letters of credit outstanding under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 of the gross invoice amount of each receivable assigned for collection, plus certain additional fees and expenses, subject to certain minimum annual commissions. Rosenthal will generally assume the credit risk resulting from a customer s financial inability to make payment of credit-approved receivables, which are classified as Factor Receivables. The initial term of the Factoring Agreement is twelve months, subject to automatic renewal for additional twelve-month periods, and the Factoring Agreement may be terminated at any time by Rosenthal or the Madden Entities on 60 days' notice and upon the occurrence of certain other events. The Madden Entities pledged all of their rights under the Factoring Agreement to the Agent under the Credit Agreement to secure obligations arising under the Credit Agreement. 
 F-31 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 of the losses sustained for limiting or revoking a credit line during production for any made-to-order goods that have work-in-progress coverage. For its services, CIT will be entitled to receive (1) a base fee of of the gross face amount of each receivable assigned for collection having standard payment terms, (2) certain additional fees for receivables with non-standard payment terms or arising from sales to customers outside of the United States, and (3) reimbursement for certain expenses incurred in connection with the CARPA. The Company, on behalf of the Madden Entities, and CIT may each terminate the CARPA as of the last day of the month occurring one year after the date of the CARPA and at any time thereafter by giving the other party at least days notice. CIT may also terminate the CARPA immediately upon the occurrence of certain events. The Madden Entities pledged all of their right, title, and interest in and to monies due and to become due under the CARPA in favor of the Agent to secure obligations arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement. 
 On October 23, 2023, the Company and Daniel M. Friedman Associates, Inc. DMFA ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Notification Factoring Rider to the Credit Approved Receivables Purchasing Agreement Notification Factoring Rider that amended and supplemented the Factoring Agreement, dated April 3, 2023, among the Company, DMFA and certain of the Company s other subsidiaries party thereto (collectively with the Company, the Madden Entities ), and added CIT. The Notification Factoring Rider enables certain receivables generated from assets acquired by DMFA from Turn On Products Inc. d/b/a Almost Famous Post-Acquisition Receivables ), which assets were acquired by DMFA on October 20, 2023, to be subject to the Factoring Agreement. 
 The Notification Factoring Rider modifies the Factoring Agreement to require, in respect of certain Post-Acquisition Receivables, payment to CIT of a base fee ranging from to of the gross face amount of such Post-Acquisition Receivables assigned to CIT for collection. CIT will generally assume the credit risk resulting from a customer s financial inability to make payment with respect to certain credit approved Post-Acquisition Receivables. The Company or DMFA may terminate the Notification Factoring Rider, separately from the Factoring Agreement, by giving CIT at least 10 days prior written notice of termination. As with monies due and to become due under the Factoring Agreement generally, monies due and to become due to the Company and DMFA under the Notification Factoring Rider are pledged in favor of the Agent to secure obligations under or in connection with the Credit Agreement. 
 
 in order for Mr. Madden to satisfy a personal tax obligation resulting from the exercise of stock options that were due to expire and to retain the underlying Company common stock. The loan, as amended, is secured by non-company securities held in Mr. Madden's brokerage account. The Company agreed to forgive a portion of the note for each year of employment as long as Mr. Madden remained an employee of the Company through December 31, 2023. Accordingly, as of such date, the remaining balance of the note was forgiven by the Company, amounts remain outstanding, and neither the Company nor Mr. Madden have any outstanding obligations under the note. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 the Company recorded a charge in the amount of for each year, respectively, to write-off the required one-tenth of the principal amount of the secured promissory note, which was partially offset by imputed interest income of , , and , respectively. 

F-32 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Gross profit Income/(loss) from operations ) Depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Total revenue Gross profit Income/(loss) from operations ) Depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Total revenue Gross profit Income/(loss) from operations ) Depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures 
 (1) Corporate does not constitute a reportable segment and includes costs not directly attributable to the segments. These costs are primarily related to expenses associated with corporate executives, corporate finance, corporate social responsibility, legal, human resources, information technology, cyber security, and other shared services. 
 
 F-33 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 International Total 
 (1) Includes revenues of , , and , respectively, for the years ended 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, related to sales to U.S. customers where the title is transferred outside the U.S. and the sale is recorded by the Company's international entities. 

) Allowance for doubtful accounts ) Deferred tax asset valuation allowance ) Total ) Year ended December 31, 2022 Markdown, chargeback, co-op advertising allowances, and return reserves ) Allowance for doubtful accounts ) Deferred tax asset valuation allowance ) Total ) Year ended December 31, 2021 Markdown, chargeback, co-op advertising allowances, and return reserves ) Allowance for doubtful accounts ) Deferred tax asset valuation allowance ) Total ) 
 
 F-34 

<EX-10.19>
 2
 shoo-20231231xex1019.htm
 EX-10.19

Document 

May 15, 2023 

Dear Ms. Frieders 
 
 This letter will set forth below the terms and conditions of your employment with Steven Madden, Ltd. (the Company 
 
 1. Term of Agreement . May 1, 2023 through April 30, 2025, unless sooner terminated in accordance with Paragraph 6 of this Agreement. 
 
 2. Position . Chief Merchandising Officer. 
 
 3. Salary . 590,000 per annum (paid in accordance with normal Company practice) from May 1, 2023 through April 30, 2025. 
 
 4. Discretionary Bonus . You shall be eligible to receive a performance bonus for each of 2023 and 2024 in an amount to be determined by the Company in its absolute discretion. Such bonuses (net of any deductions required to be withheld by any applicable laws and regulations) shall be payable on or about March 15 th of the following year. 
 
 5. Restricted Stock . On June 1, 2023, you shall be granted shares of restricted stock. The shares shall vest 20 on June 1, 2024, 20 on June 1, 2025, 20 on June 1, 2026, 20 on June 1, 2027 and 20 on June 1, 2028. The number of restricted shares to be issued shall be determined by dividing Six Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars 650,000) by the closing price of the common stock of the Company on June 1, 2023. 
 
 6. Termination . 
 
 (a) Involuntary Termination . The Company has the right to terminate your employment at any time without Cause (as defined below). In the event the Company terminates your employment without Cause, then the Term shall terminate immediately, and you shall be entitled to receive only Salary payments described in Paragraph 3, at the regular intervals of payment, from the date of termination through the earlier of 
 
 (i) the date one year after the date of termination or 
 
 (ii) the date this Agreement would have otherwise terminated but for the involuntary termination and 
 
 (b) Voluntary Termination by you or Termination for Cause . You shall have the right to terminate your employment at any time for any reason Voluntary Termination and the Company shall have the right to terminate your employment at any time for Cause, on written notice to you, setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances resulting in the Cause upon which such termination is based. In the event of a Voluntary Termination or a termination by the Company for Cause, the Term shall terminate immediately and you shall be entitled only to any accrued and unpaid Salary described in Paragraph 3 through the date of termination. For the purpose of this Agreement, Cause shall mean 
 
 (i) a material breach by you of your material duties or obligations to the Company which is not remedied to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company within ten (10) days after the receipt by you of written notice of such breach from the Company 
 ph Karla Frieders 2023 05-15 

Page 2 

(ii) you are convicted of, or enter a guilty or no contest plea with respect to a felony or a crime of moral turpitude (whether or not a felony) 
 
 (iii) you have an alcohol or substance abuse problem, which in the reasonable opinion of the Company materially interferes with your ability to perform your duties 
 
 (iv) any act or acts of personal dishonesty, fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation or conversion intended to result in your personal enrichment at the expense of the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or any other material breach or violation of fiduciary duty owed to the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates 
 
 (v) any grossly negligent act or omission or any willful and deliberate misconduct by you that results, or is likely to result, in material economic, or other harm, to the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or 
 
 (vi) you violate or pay fines, suffer sanctions or injunctive relief relating to (whether or not you are found to have violated any federal or state securities laws, rules or regulations or the rules and regulations of any stock exchange on which the Company is listed or included. 
 
 (c) Disability . You shall be considered to be Disabled if, in the Company s reasonable opinion after receiving the written report of an independent physician selected by the Company, you are incapable, due to mental or physical disability, of performing the essential functions of your duties for a period of sixty (60) days (whether or not consecutive) during any period of one hundred twenty (120) days. In the event you shall become Disabled during the Term, the Company may terminate your employment and the Term and the Company shall have no further obligation or liabilities to you, except payment of accrued and unpaid Salary described in Paragraph 3 through the date of termination. 
 
 (d) Death . In the event of your death, your employment and the Term shall terminate immediately and the Company shall have no further obligation or liabilities to you or your estate except that your estate shall be entitled to receive payment of accrued and unpaid Salary described in Paragraph 3 through the date of termination. 

(e) Termination Payment . Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, the Company shall have no obligation to make any payment to you under this Paragraph 6 unless and until you execute and deliver to the Company a general release from any and all liability in a form satisfactory to the Company and all applicable periods of time have expired such that the Company shall irrevocably be entitled to enjoy the benefits of the aforementioned release. 
 
 7. Non-Solicitation Non-Competition Agreement . You recognize that the services to be performed by you hereunder are special and unique. In consideration of the compensation granted herein, you agree that for as long as you are receiving your Salary under this Agreement and, if you are terminated by the Company for Cause or if you quit or resign your position, through the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of termination or (ii) April 30, 2025, you shall not, directly or indirectly, anywhere in the United States, whether individually or as a principal officer, employee, partner, member, director or agent of, or consultant for, any person or entity (i) become employed by, an owner of, or otherwise affiliated with, or furnish services to, any 

Page 3 

business that competes with the Company, (ii) solicit any business from any customers of the Company, or (iii) hire, offer to hire, entice away, or in any manner persuade or attempt to persuade any employee of the Company to discontinue his her employment with the Company or any other party that has a business relationship with the Company to discontinue his her its business relationship with the Company. 
 
 8. Covenant Not to Disclose . You covenant and agree that you will not, to the detriment of the Company, at any time during or after the Term, reveal, divulge or make known to any person (other than (i) to the Company, or (ii) in the regular course of business of the Company) or use for your own account any confidential or proprietary records, data, processes, ideas, methods, devices, business concepts, inventions, discoveries, know-how, trade secrets or any other confidential or proprietary information whatsoever (the Confidential Information previously possessed or used by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, (whether or not developed, devised or otherwise created in whole or in part by your efforts) and made known to you by reason of your employment by or affiliation with the Company. You further covenant and agree that you shall retain all such knowledge and information which you shall acquire or develop respecting such Confidential Information in trust for the sole benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns. Additionally, you agree that all right, title and interest in and to any discoveries, processes, ideas, methods and or business concepts that you develop during the Term relating to the business of the Company are, and shall remain the property of the Company, and you hereby assign to the Company any right, title and interest you might otherwise claim therein. 
 
 9. Business Materials, Covenant to Report . All written materials, records and documents made by you or coming into your possession concerning the business or affairs of the Company shall be the sole property of the Company and, upon the termination of your employment with the Company or upon the request of the Company at any time, you shall promptly deliver the same to the Company and shall retain no copies thereof. You agree to render to the Company such reports of your activities or activities of others under your direction during the Term as the Company may request. 
 
 10. Governing Law Injunctive Relief . 
 
 10.1 The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement shall be controlled by and construed under the laws of the State of New York, excluding choice of law rules thereof. 
 
 10.2 You acknowledge and agree that, in the event you shall violate any of the restrictions of Paragraphs 7, 8 or 9 hereof, the Company will be without an adequate remedy at law and will therefore be entitled to enforce such restrictions by temporary or permanent injunctive or mandatory relief in any court of competent jurisdiction without the necessity of proving damages or posting a bond or other security, and without prejudice to any other remedies which it may have at law or in equity. Each of you and the Company acknowledges and agrees that, in addition to any other state having proper jurisdiction, any such relief may be sought in, and for such purpose each of you and the Company consents to the jurisdiction of, the courts of the State of New York. 
 
 11. Assignment . This Agreement, as it relates to your employment, is a personal contract and your rights and interests hereunder may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated. 
 
 12. Notices . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be given or made pursuant to any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been duly given or made for all purposes when hand delivered or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid, overnight mail or courier, or facsimile, addressed, if to the Company, at the Company s offices, Attn CEO, and if to you, at the address of your 

Page 4 

personal residence as maintained in the Company s records, or at such other address as any party shall designate by notice to the other party given in accordance with this Paragraph 12. 
 
 13. Entire Agreement . This Agreement represents the entire understanding and agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, supersedes all prior agreements between such parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and cannot be amended, supplemented or modified orally, but only by an agreement in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such amendment, supplement or modification is sought. 
 
 14. Execution in Counterparts Signatures Severability . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile or electronic mail signatures hereon shall constitute original signatures. If any provisions of this Agreement as applied to any part or to any circumstance shall be adjudged by a court to be invalid or unenforceable, the same shall in no way affect any other provision of this Agreement, the application of such provision in any other circumstances or the validity or enforceability of this Agreement. 
 
 15. Representation by Counsel Interpretation . Each party acknowledges that it has been represented by counsel or has had the opportunity to be represented by counsel in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Accordingly, any rule or law or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any claimed ambiguities in this Agreement against the party that drafted it has no application and is expressly waived by such parties. The provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted in a reasonable manner to effect the intent of the parties hereto. 

Signature s EDWARD R. ROSENFELD 
 Edward R. Rosenfeld, CEO 

Counter-signature s KARLA FRIEDERS 
 Karla Frieders 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 3
 shoo-20231231xex1020.htm
 EX-10.20

Document 

February 27, 2024 

Dear Mr. Rosenfeld 
 
 This letter (the Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions of your employment with Steven Madden, Ltd. (the Company 
 
 1. Term of Agreement Effect on Existing Agreement . The term of this agreement shall be March 1, 2024 through February 28, 2029 unless sooner terminated in accordance with Paragraph 8 of this Agreement (the Term ). At the expiration of the Term, unless you are (a) notified that your employment shall be terminated or (b) this Agreement is renewed in some form, your employment shall continue on an at-will basis, at the same terms as contained herein. You acknowledge and agree that, effective as of March 1, 2024, this Agreement supersedes and replaces all prior agreements, including your existing Employment Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2021, with the Company, and all other understandings, negotiations and discussions, whether written or oral, between you and the Company or its representatives relating to the subject matter hereof. 
 
 2. Position . You shall serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. You shall report to the Board of Directors of the Company. You shall expend all of your working time to the Company and shall devote your best efforts, energy and skills to the Company and the promotion of its interests you shall not take part in any activities detrimental to the best interests of the Company. You shall also continue to serve as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 3. Salary . Your base salary will be 1,171,954 annualized (paid in accordance with normal Company practice) from March 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025. The Board of Directors or a committee thereof will review your base salary for potential increase (but not decrease) as of March 1, 2025 and as of each March 1 thereafter during the Term. 
 
 4. Discretionary Bonus . You shall be eligible to receive an annual performance bonus for each year during the Term in an amount, if any, to be determined by the Company in its absolute discretion (the Bonus ). Such Bonus (net of any deductions required to be withheld by any applicable laws and regulations) shall be payable on or before March 15 of the following year. 
 
 5. Restricted Stock . On March 15, 2024, you shall be granted shares of restricted stock vesting 20 per year on each of February 28, 2025 and the next four anniversaries of such date. The number of restricted shares to be granted shall be determined by dividing Three Million Four Hundred Thousand Dollars 3,400,000) by the closing price of the common stock of the Company on the grant date (or, if the grant date is not a trading day, on the trading day immediately prior to the grant date). On March 15, 2025 and on each March 15 thereafter during the Term, you shall be eligible to receive another grant of time-vesting restricted stock or restricted stock units in an amount determined by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof. Such grants shall be made under the Company s 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan or a successor plan thereto (the Equity Plan (contingent on sufficient shares being available in the Equity Plan reserve), shall have terms and conditions determined by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof and shall be subject to an award agreement under the Equity Plan provided that, to the extent any terms in this Agreement relating to such grants (the Restricted Stock Agreement Terms are more favorable to you than the applicable terms in the Equity Plan or such award agreement, the Restricted Stock Agreement Terms shall apply rather than such terms in the Equity Plan or such award agreement. Restricted stock granted under this paragraph will become fully vested upon the occurrence of both (a) a Change of Control (as defined below) and (b) a termination of your employment in an involuntary termination other than for Cause (as defined below) or due to your resignation for 

Page 2 

Good Reason (as defined below), in each case during the period commencing 90 days prior the Change of Control and ending on the date that is 12 months following the Change of Control. 

6. Performance Shares . On March 15, 2024, and on each subsequent March 15 during the Term, you shall be eligible to receive a grant of performance shares that will be eligible to be earned over a three-year performance period based on the Company s average annual return on capital over such performance period compared to the average annual return on capital of a predetermined peer group. The performance period for each grant shall commence on January 1 of the year in which the grant date occurs and shall end on the December 31 of the second full calendar year following the year in which the grant date occurs. 
 
 The number of performance shares earned shall be determined based on the following payout scale (with linear interpolation between performance levels) 
 
 Payout Level Company s Percentile Relative to Peer Group of Target Shares Earned Maximum 75 th or higher 
 185 Target 50 th 
 100 Threshold 25 th 
 50 Below Threshold Below 25 th 
 0 
 
 The target number of performance shares for each grant shall be determined by dividing Three Million Six Hundred Thousand Dollars 3,600,000) by the closing price of the common stock of the Company on the grant date (or, if the grant date is not a trading day, on the trading day immediately prior to the grant date). 
 
 The applicable peer group for each performance period, and any modifications thereto to reflect changing circumstances among the Company and the peer group companies, shall be approved by the Company s Board of Directors or a committee thereof. 
 
 Following the end of the applicable performance period, the Company's Board of Directors or a committee thereof will determine in good faith the extent the performance goals were satisfied and the corresponding number of performance shares earned, subject to any adjustments required to prevent unintended enlargement or dilution of the benefits intended to be delivered as a result of extraordinary or unforeseen circumstances. Section 2 of Exhibit A to the Company s 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan includes a non-exhaustive list of examples of the types of adjustments contemplated by the preceding sentence. Any performance shares earned will be paid to you during the fiscal year immediately following the final year of the applicable performance period. 
 
 Subject to the exceptions described below, you will forfeit all right to the performance shares if your employment terminates for any reason or for no reason prior to the end of the applicable performance period, or to the extent it is determined that the performance goals have not been satisfied following the end of the performance period. However, if your employment terminates following the end of the applicable performance period for any reason other than an involuntary termination for Cause, you shall remain entitled to receive the performance shares earned based on achievement of the performance goals with respect to such performance period. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing paragraph, if your employment is terminated subsequent to a grant of performance shares and during the performance period relating to such performance shares (1) by the Company without Cause or by you for Good Reason, a pro rata portion of such 

Page 3 

performance shares shall remain eligible to be earned based on the achievement of the performance goals for such performance period or (2) as a result of your death or Disability (as defined below), then such performance shares shall vest without pro ration. For purposes of determining the number of performance shares earned in the event of death or Disability, the applicable performance goals shall be deemed satisfied (a) for any completed years in the performance period at the time of death or Disability, at the greater of the target level or the level corresponding to the actual performance trend through the end of such year or (b) for any uncompleted years in the performance period at the time of death or Disability, at the target level. The complete terms and conditions relating to the effect of a termination of your employment will be set forth in a Performance Share Award Agreement for each grant of performance shares. 
 
 Upon a Change of Control subsequent to a grant of performance shares and during the performance period relating to such performance shares, to the extent that a successor to the Company converts, assumes, substitutes or replaces the performance shares, the performance conditions shall be deemed satisfied at the level described in the following sentence, and the number of performance shares corresponding to the level of performance conditions deemed satisfied will be converted into time-vesting restricted stock units that shall vest upon the end of the original performance period provided that, if your employment is terminated involuntarily other than for Cause or due to your resignation for Good Reason, in each case during the period commencing 90 days prior the Change of Control and ending on the date that is 12 months following the Change of Control, such restricted stock units shall be fully vested upon such termination. For purposes of determining the number of performance shares converted into time-vesting restricted stock units pursuant to the preceding sentence, the applicable performance goals shall be deemed satisfied (a) for any completed years in the performance period at the time of the Change of Control, at the greater of the target level or the level corresponding to the actual performance trend through the end of such year or (b) for any uncompleted years in the performance period at the time of the Change of Control, at the target level. To the extent that a successor to the Company does not convert, assume, substitute or replace the performance shares, you shall receive a cash payment equal to the fair market value at the time of the Change of Control of the number of performance shares determined in accordance with the formula set forth in the preceding sentence in cancellation of the performance shares. 
 
 You will be entitled to receive dividend equivalent payments on performance shares only to the extent, and at the time, such performance shares are earned and paid. 
 
 Each of the performance share grants described above shall be subject to approval by the Company s Board of Directors or a committee thereof, shall be made under the Equity Plan (contingent on sufficient shares being available in the Equity Plan reserve) and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of a Performance Share Award Agreement provided that, to the extent any terms in this Agreement relating to such grants (the Performance Share Agreement Terms are more favorable to you than the applicable terms in the Equity Plan or such award agreement, the Performance Share Agreement Terms shall apply rather than such terms in the Equity Plan or such award agreement.. 
 
 7. Car Allowance . You shall receive a car allowance of 1,500 per month. 
 
 8. Termination . 
 
 (a) Involuntary Termination . The Company has the right to terminate your employment at any time without Cause. In the event the Company terminates your employment without Cause, then the Term shall terminate immediately, and you shall be eligible to receive only 

Page 4 

(i) Salary payments described in Paragraph 3, at the regular intervals of payment, subject to any six (6) month delay that may be required for compliance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Salary Continuation ). The Salary Continuation shall run from the date of termination through the earlier of 
 
 a. the date twelve (12) months after the date of termination or 
 
 b. the date this Agreement would have otherwise terminated but for the involuntary termination and 
 
 (ii) if your employment is terminated without Cause before March 15, any accrued and unpaid Bonus amount described in Paragraph 4 for the calendar year before termination, which such Bonus shall still be payable on or before March 15 of the year in which your employment was terminated Prior Year Bonus ). 
 
 (iii) Continued eligibility to earn certain performance shares as described in Paragraph 6 to the extent set forth in the applicable Performance Share Award Agreement. 
 
 Payment of the Salary Continuation and Prior Year Bonus is contingent upon the execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims in the Company s standard form, which will not include any restrictive covenants in addition to those set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 (a) Voluntary Termination by you or Termination for Cause . You shall have the right to terminate your employment at any time for any reason Voluntary Termination and the Company shall have the right to terminate your employment at any time for Cause, on written notice to you, setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances resulting in the Cause upon which such termination is based. In the event of a Voluntary Termination or a termination by the Company for Cause, the Term shall terminate immediately and you shall be entitled only to any accrued and unpaid Salary described in Paragraph 3 through the date of termination. As indicated in Paragraph 6, in the event of a Voluntary Termination following the end of the applicable performance period for performance shares, you shall also remain entitled to receive the performance shares earned based on achievement of the performance goals with respect to such performance period. For the purpose of this Agreement, Cause shall mean 
 
 (i) a material breach by you of your material duties or obligations to the Company which is not remedied to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company within ten (10) days after the receipt by you of written notice of such breach from the Company 
 
 (ii) you are convicted of, or enter a guilty or no contest plea with respect to a felony or a crime of moral turpitude (whether or not a felony) 
 
 (iii) you have an alcohol or substance abuse problem, which in the reasonable opinion of the Company materially interferes with your ability to perform your duties 
 
 (iv) any act or acts of personal dishonesty, fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation or conversion intended to result in your personal enrichment at the expense of the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or any other material breach or violation of fiduciary duty owed to the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates 

Page 5 

(v) any grossly negligent act or omission or any willful and deliberate misconduct by you that results, or is likely to result, in material economic, or other harm, to the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or 
 
 (vi) you violate or pay fines, suffer sanctions or injunctive relief relating to (whether or not you are found to have violated) any federal or state securities laws, rules or regulations or the rules and regulations of any stock exchange on which the Company is listed or included. 
 
 (b) Termination for Good Reason . You may terminate your employment for Good Reason and, subject to your execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims in the Company s standard form, you will be entitled to the Salary Continuation, Prior Year Bonus, and performance shares on the same terms set forth in subsection (a) above. For purposes of this Agreement, resigning with Good Reason means that you resign from employment after the occurrence of any of the following (i) a material diminution in your authority, duties, or responsibilities, (ii) a reduction in your base salary rate or in the grant date fair value of your equity-based compensation under Paragraph 5 in any year during the Term, (iii) the Company relocates more than twenty-five (25) miles from New York City, or (iv) a material breach of any other material term of this agreement provided, however, that any such condition shall not constitute Good Reason unless you provide written notice to the Company of the condition claimed to constitute Good Reason within thirty (30) days of the initial existence of such condition, thereafter, the Company fails to cure such condition within thirty (30) days following its receipt of such notice and you resign within the thirty (30) day period following the expiration of the Company s cure period. 
 
 (c) Disability . You shall be considered to be Disabled if, in the Company s reasonable opinion after receiving the written report of an independent physician selected by the Company, you are incapable, due to mental or physical disability, of performing the essential functions of your duties for a period of sixty (60) days (whether or not consecutive) during any period of one hundred twenty (120) days. In the event you shall become Disabled during the Term, the Company may terminate your employment and the Term and the Company shall have no further obligation or liabilities to you, except (i) payment of accrued and unpaid Salary described in Paragraph 3 through the date of termination, (ii) payment of the Prior Year Bonus and (iii) the obligation to deliver certain performance shares that remain eligible to be earned following Disability as described in Paragraph 6 to the extent set forth in the applicable Performance Share Award Agreement. Payment of the Prior Year Bonus is contingent upon the execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims in the Company s standard form. For purposes of clarity, in the event the Company terminates your employment due to Disability, you shall not be eligible for Salary Continuation. 
 
 (d) Death . In the event of your death, your employment and the Term shall terminate immediately and the Company shall have no further obligation or liabilities to you or your estate except that your estate shall be entitled to receive (i) payment of accrued and unpaid Salary described in Paragraph 3 through the date of termination, (ii) payment of the Prior Year Bonus and (iii) certain performance shares that may be earned following your death as described in Paragraph 6 to the extent set forth in the applicable Performance Share Award Agreement. Payment of the Prior Year Bonus is contingent upon the execution and non-revocation by your estate of a general release of claims in the Company s standard form. For purposes of clarity, in the event your employment ends due to your death, your estate shall not be eligible to receive Salary Continuation. 

Page 6 

(e) Change of Control . The term Change of Control , as used herein, shall mean when any person or group (excluding the Company or any of its affiliates) becomes the beneficial owner of securities representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. If, during the period commencing 90 days prior to a Change of Control and ending 180 days after a Change of Control, you are terminated by the Company other than for Cause or you quit for Good Reason, you are entitled to receive an amount equal to two and one-half (2.5) times the sum of (i) the annual Salary to which you were entitled under Paragraph 3 as of the date of termination plus (ii) the average Bonus you received for the preceding three-year period ending on the last previous December 31 st . Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, in the event that any payment (or portion thereof) to you under this subparagraph (f), alone or together with any other payments or benefits to you in connection with a Change of Control (together, the Change of Control Payments ), is determined to constitute an excess parachute payment that may be subject to limits on deductibility and the excise tax under Sections 280G and 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the following calculations shall be made (A) the after-tax value to you of the Change of Control Payments without any reduction and (B) the after-tax value to you of the Change of Control Payments as reduced to the maximum amount (the Maximum Amount that may be paid to you without any portion of the payments constituting an excess parachute payment. If after applying the agreed upon calculations set forth above, it is determined that the after-tax value determined under clause (B) above is greater than the after-tax value determined under clause (A) above, the Change of Control Payments shall be reduced to the Maximum Amount. The payments contemplated by the second sentence of this subparagraph (f) shall be in lieu of, and not in addition to, any other payments or compensation you would otherwise be entitled to hereunder as a result of your termination (other than the protections and benefits relating to a Change of Control set forth in Paragraphs 5 and 6). 
 
 9. Non-Solicitation Non-Competition Agreement . You recognize that the services to be performed by you hereunder are special and unique. In consideration of the compensation granted herein, you agree that for as long as you are receiving your Salary or Salary Continuation under this Agreement and, if you are terminated by the Company for Cause or if you quit or resign your position without Good Reason, through the earlier of (a) the date twelve (12) months after the date of termination or (b) February 28, 2029, you shall not, directly or indirectly, anywhere in the United States, whether individually or as a principal officer, employee, partner, member, director or agent of, or consultant for, any person or entity (i) become employed by, an owner of, or otherwise affiliated with, or furnish services to, any Competitive Business (which means a competitor that designs, manufacturers, sells, markets, or distributes (A) branded or designer footwear, apparel, accessories and other products in the categories of products sold by, or under license from, the Company or its affiliates and (B) other branded products related to fashion or lifestyle), (ii) solicit any business from any customers of the Company, or (iii) hire, offer to hire, entice away, or in any manner persuade or attempt to persuade any employee of the Company to discontinue his her employment with the Company or any other party that has a business relationship with the Company to discontinue his her its business relationship with the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company reduces the grant date fair value of your equity-based compensation under Paragraph 5 in any year during the Term, then you shall not be subject to the restrictions set forth in the preceding sentence. This section shall not be construed to prevent you from owning, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate, an amount not exceeding 1 of the issued and outstanding voting securities of any class of any company whose voting capital stock is traded on a national Securities Exchange or in the over-the-counter market. If any of the restrictions contained in this paragraph shall be deemed to be unenforceable by reason of the extent, duration or geographical scope thereof, or otherwise, then the court making such determination shall have the right to reduce such extent, duration, geographical scope, or other 

Page 7 

provisions hereof, and in its reduced form, this paragraph shall then be enforceable in the manner contemplated hereby. 
 
 10. Discoveries . You agree to disclose promptly in writing to the Company s General Counsel all ideas, processes, methods, devices, business concepts, inventions, improvements, discoveries, know-how and other creative achievements (hereinafter referred to collectively as Discoveries to the extent such Discoveries have been reduced to practice, in whole or in part, whether or not the same or any part thereof is capable of being patented, trademarked, copyrighted, or otherwise protected, which you, while employed by the Company, conceive, make, develop, acquire or reduce to practice, whether acting alone or with others and whether during or after usual working hours, and which are related to the Company s business or interests, or are used or usable by the Company, or arise out of or in connection with the duties performed by you. You hereby transfer and assign to the Company all right, title and interest in and such Discoveries that are conceived, made, developed, acquired or reduced to practice during your employment with the Company, including any and all domestic and foreign copyrights and patent and trademark rights therein and any renewals thereof. On request of the Company, you will, without any additional compensation, from time to time during, and after the expiration or termination of, the Term, execute such further instruments (including applications for copyrights, patents, trademarks and assignments thereof) and do all such other acts and things as may be deemed necessary or desirable by the Company to protect and or enforce its rights in respect of such Discoveries. All reasonable expenses incurred by you in complying with the Company s request and all expenses of filing or prosecuting any patent, trademark or copyright application shall be borne by the Company, but you shall cooperate in filing and or prosecuting any such application. 
 
 This Agreement does not apply to any Discoveries that you develop entirely on your own time without using the Company s equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information, except for those Discoveries that either (i) relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the Company s business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company or (ii) result from any work performed by you for the Company. 
 
 11. Covenant Not to Disclose . You covenant and agree that you will not at any time during or after the Term, reveal, divulge or make known to any person (other than to the Company, or in the regular course of business of the Company) or use for your own account any confidential or proprietary records, data, processes, ideas, methods, devices, business concepts, inventions, discoveries, know-how, trade secrets or any other confidential or proprietary information whatsoever (the Confidential Information previously possessed or used by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, (whether or not developed, devised or otherwise created in whole or in part by your efforts) and made known to you by reason of your employment by or affiliation with the Company. You further covenant and agree that you shall retain all such knowledge and information which you shall acquire or develop respecting such Confidential Information in trust for the sole benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns. Additionally, you agree that all right, title and interest in and to any discoveries, processes, ideas, methods and or business concepts that you develop during the Term relating to the business of the Company are, and shall remain the property of the Company, and you hereby assign to the Company any right, title and interest you might otherwise claim therein. 
 
 Nothing in this Agreement prohibits you from reporting violations of law or regulation to an appropriate governmental agency or entity or making other disclosures that are protected under applicable law. Nothing in this Agreement limits your rights under the Defend Trade Secrets Act DTSA and applicable state law. You are hereby notified that the DTSA protects individuals from criminal or civilly liability where the disclosure of a trade secret is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and the confidential disclosure is made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law and (ii) the trade secret disclosure is made in a complaint or other document 

Page 8 

filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, and the disclosure is made under seal. Nothing in this Agreement restricts or impedes you from exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation, or court order. Furthermore, nothing in this Agreement prohibits you from (i) making disclosures that are otherwise prohibited by this Agreement to law enforcement, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, a state division of human rights, a local commission on human rights, or any attorney retained by you or (ii) disclosing or discussing conduct, the existent of a settlement involving conduct, or information involving sexual harassment and sexual assault, as those terms are defined under applicable federal, tribal or state law. 
 
 12. Business Materials, Covenant to Report . All written materials, records and documents made by you or coming into your possession concerning the business or affairs of the Company shall be the sole property of the Company and, upon the termination or expiration of your employment with the Company or upon the request of the Company at any time, you shall promptly deliver the same to the Company and shall retain no copies thereof. You agree to render to the Company such reports of your activities or activities of others under your direction during the Term as the Company may request. 
 
 13. Governing Law Injunctive Relief . 
 
 (a) The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement shall be controlled by and construed under the laws of the State of New York, excluding choice of law rules thereof. 
 
 (b) You acknowledge and agree that, in the event you shall violate any of the restrictions of Paragraphs 9, 10, 11 or 12 hereof, the Company will be without an adequate remedy at law and will therefore be entitled to enforce such restrictions by temporary or permanent injunctive or mandatory relief in any court of competent jurisdiction without the necessity of proving damages or posting a bond or other security, and without prejudice to any other remedies which it may have at law or in equity. Each of you and the Company acknowledges and agrees that, in addition to any other state having proper jurisdiction, any such relief may be sought in, and for such purpose each of you and the Company consents to the jurisdiction of, the courts of the State of New York. You agree that the Company shall have the following rights and remedies (a) to recover all monies and other consideration derived or received by you as a result of the transactions constituting a breach of any of the provisions of Paragraph 9 or 11, which you hereby agree to account for and pay over to the Company, and (b) to recover reasonable attorneys fees incurred in any action or proceeding in which it seeks to enforce its rights under Paragraphs 9 or 11. 
 
 14. Assignment . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and assigns (if any). As used in this Paragraph, Company shall mean both the Company as defined above and any such successor that assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement, by operation of law or otherwise. You shall not assign this Agreement or any of your rights or obligations hereunder (by operation of law or otherwise) without the consent of the Company. 
 
 15. Notices . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be given or made pursuant to any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been duly given or made for all purposes when hand delivered or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid, overnight mail or courier, or facsimile, addressed, if to the Company, at the Company s offices, Attn General Counsel, and if to you, at the address of 

Page 9 

your personal residence as maintained in the Company s records, or at such other address as any party shall designate by notice to the other party given in accordance with this Paragraph 15. 
 
 16. Entire Agreement . This Agreement represents the entire understanding and agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, supersedes all prior agreements between such parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and cannot be amended, supplemented or modified orally, but only by an agreement (excluding e-mail or text message) in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such amendment, supplement or modification is sought. 
 
 17. Execution in Counterparts Signatures Severability . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile or electronic mail signatures hereon shall constitute original signatures. If any provisions of this Agreement as applied to any part or to any circumstance shall be adjudged by a court to be invalid or unenforceable, the same shall in no way affect any other provision of this Agreement, the application of such provision in any other circumstances or the validity or enforceability of this Agreement. 
 
 18. Representation by Counsel Interpretation . Each party acknowledges that it has been represented by counsel or has had the opportunity to be represented by counsel in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Accordingly, any rule or law or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any claimed ambiguities in this Agreement against the party that drafted it has no application and is expressly waived by such parties. The provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted in a reasonable manner to effect the intent of the parties hereto. 
 
 19. Arbitration . You agree that except with regard to any other matters that are not a proper subject of arbitration, all disputes between you and the Company concerning performance, breach, construction or interpretation of this agreement or any portion thereof, shall be submitted to binding arbitration in accordance with the employment arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association at a mutually agreeable location in New York County, New York, or another location as agreed to by the parties. The award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final, binding and conclusive, shall be specifically enforceable, and judgment may be entered on it in accordance with applicable law in the State of New York, with no right of appeal. You and the Company shall pay your own expenses of arbitration, and the expenses of the arbitrator and the arbitration proceeding will be equally shared. 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. 

Signature By s Zine Mazouzi 
 Zine Mazouzi 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Counter-signature s Edward R. Rosenfeld 
 Edward R. Rosenfeld 

Page 10 

EXHIBIT 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. 2019 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 THIS AGREEMENT (the Agreement evidences a grant of Performance Shares by Steven Madden, Ltd. (the Company under the Steven Madden, Ltd. 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan relating to shares of Company common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock or the Shares ), subject to certain restrictions and performance goals (the Performance Shares ), to the Participant named below, pursuant to Paragraph 6 of the Employment Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2024, by and between the Company and the Participant (the Employment Agreement ). Unless otherwise indicated, any capitalized term used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan or the meaning ascribed to such term in the Employment Agreement. 
 1. Participant Edward R. Rosenfeld 
 2. Grant Date March 15, 2024 
 3. Number of Target Performance Shares ___ 
 4. Restrictions on Transfer . The Participant shall not sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate, assign or otherwise dispose of the Performance Shares or the Common Stock subject to the Performance Shares, except as set forth in the Plan or Agreement. Any attempted sale, transfer, pledge, hypothecation, assignment or other disposition of the Performance Shares or the Common Stock subject to the Performance Shares in violation of the Plan or this Agreement shall be void and of no effect and the Company shall have the right to disregard the same on its books and records and to issue stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent with respect to such Common Stock. 
 5. Terms of Performance Shares . 
 6. Rights as Stockholder Dividend Equivalents . The Participant will not for any purposes be deemed to be a stockholder of the Company with respect to any of the Performance Shares (including with respect to voting or dividends) unless and until a certificate for Shares is issued following the Performance Shares being vested and earned as provided in Section 5(b). However, with respect to each Performance Share (if any) that is earned and becomes vested in accordance with this Agreement, the Participant will be entitled to receive a cash payment (without interest), payable at the same time that the Share underlying such vested Performance Share is delivered to the Participant hereunder, equal to the aggregate cash dividends declared and paid with respect to one Share for each dividend payment date that occurs during the period beginning on the Grant Date and ending on the date that the vested Performance Share is settled (a Dividend Equivalent ). The Participant s right to receive any such Dividend Equivalents is subject to and conditioned upon the vesting of the underlying Performance Shares, and the Participant s right to receive any such Dividend Equivalents shall be automatically and correspondingly forfeited to the extent that the underlying Performance Shares are forfeited pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Plan. 
 7. Vesting and Settlement. The Performance Shares shall become earned and vested based on the Company s average annual return on capital (the Performance Goal compared to the average annual return on capital of the Peer Group (as defined below) over the performance period January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2026 (the Performance Period ), as set forth below. 
 The peer group (the Peer Group against which the Company s performance will be measured over the Performance Period will consist of the following companies (provided that, if any of such companies are acquired or merged or undergo another corporate event such that they are no longer independently publicly traded during the Performance Period, then the Committee may remove them from the Peer Group and may, in its discretion, substitute another appropriate company) 

Page 11 

Boot Barn Holdings, Inc. (NYSE BOOT) G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. (NasdaqGS GIII) Shoe Carnival, Inc. (NasdaqGS SCVL) Caleres, Inc. (NYSE CAL) Genesco Inc. (NYSE GCO) Skechers U.S.A., Inc. (NYSE SKX) Crocs, Inc. (NasdaqGS CROX) Guess , Inc. (NYSE GES) The Buckle, Inc. (NYSE BKE) Deckers Outdoor Corporation (NYSE DECK) Lands' End, Inc. (NasdaqCM LE) The Children's Place, Inc. (NasdaqGS PLCE) Designer Brands Inc. (NYSE DBI) Movado Group, Inc. (NYSE MOV) Wolverine World Wide, Inc. (NYSE WWW) Express, Inc. (NYSE EXPR) Oxford Industries, Inc. (NYSE OXM) Zumiez Inc. (NasdaqGS ZUMZ) 
 
 The number of Performance Shares earned shall be determined based on the Company s percentile achievement with respect to the Performance Goal relative to the Peer Group s performance with respect to the Performance Goal, each as determined by the Committee, according to the following payout scale (with linear interpolation between performance levels) 
 Payout Level Company s Percentile Relative to Peer Group of Target Performance Shares Earned Maximum 75th or higher 185 Target 50th 100 Threshold 25th 50 Below Threshold Below 25th 0 
 
 As soon as practicable following the Committee s determination of the Company s achievement of the Performance Goals relative to the Peer Group (which shall occur by no later than May 1, 2026), and in all events during the fiscal year immediately following the end of the Performance Period, the Company shall settle the earned Performance Shares by issuing in the Participant s name certificates, or making an appropriate book entry, for a number of Shares equal to the number of Performance Shares that were earned, subject to applicable withholding. 
 
 8. Termination Forfeiture Change of Control . Subject to the exceptions described below, the Participant will forfeit all right to the Performance Shares if the Participant s employment terminates for any reason or for no reason prior to the end of the Performance Period, or to the extent it is determined that the Performance Goal has not been achieved following the end of the Performance Period. However, if the Participant s employment terminates following the end of the Performance Period for any reason other than an involuntary termination for Cause as defined in the Employment Agreement Cause ), the Participant shall remain entitled to receive the Performance Shares earned based on achievement of the Performance Goal with respect to the Performance Period. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing paragraph, if the Participant s employment is terminated subsequent to the Grant Date and during the Performance Period by the Company without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason as defined in the Employment Agreement Good Reason ), a pro rata portion of the Performance Shares shall remain eligible to be earned based on the actual achievement of the Performance Goal following the end of the Performance Period and if the Participant s employment is terminated subsequent to the Grant Date and during the Performance Period as a result of the Participant s death or Disability as defined in the Employment Agreement Disability ), then the Performance Shares shall vest without pro ration and be settled upon such death or Disability (to the extent consistent with the requirements of Code Section 409A). The pro rata portion of the Performance Shares shall be calculated by multiplying the total number of Performance Shares by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of months that elapsed in the Performance Period prior to the termination of employment and the denominator of which is the total number of months in the Performance Period. For purposes of determining the number of Performance Shares earned in the event of death or Disability, the Performance Goal shall be deemed satisfied (x) for any completed years in the Performance Period at the time of death or Disability, at the greater of the target level or the level corresponding to the actual performance trend through the end of such year, or (y) for any uncompleted years in the Performance Period at the time of death or Disability, at the target level. 
 
 Upon a Change of Control as defined in the Employment Agreement (a Change of Control subsequent to the Grant Date and during the Performance Period, to the extent that a successor to the Company converts, assumes, substitutes or replaces the Performance Shares, the Performance Goal shall be deemed satisfied at the level described in the following sentence, and the number of Performance Shares corresponding to the level of Performance Goal deemed satisfied will be 

Page 12 

converted into time-vesting restricted stock units that shall vest upon the end of the Performance Period provided that, if the Participant s employment is terminated involuntarily other than for Cause within 12 months following the Change of Control, such restricted stock units shall be fully vested and shall, to the extent required for compliance with Code Section 409A, be settled in the fiscal year immediately following the end of the Performance Period. For purposes of determining the number of Performance Shares converted into time-vesting restricted stock units pursuant to the preceding sentence, the Performance Goal shall be deemed satisfied (i) for any completed years in the Performance Period at the time of the Change of Control, at the greater of the target level or the level corresponding to the actual performance trend through the end of such year or (ii) for any uncompleted years in the Performance Period at the time of the Change of Control, at the target level. To the extent that a successor to the Company does not convert, assume, substitute or replace the Performance Shares, the Participant shall receive a cash payment equal to the fair market value at the time of the Change of Control of the number of Performance Shares determined in accordance with the formula set forth in the preceding sentence in cancellation of the Performance Shares. Such cash payment shall be made upon the Change of Control or, to the extent required for purposes of compliance with Code Section 409A, during the fiscal year immediately following the end of the Performance Period. 
 
 9. Taxes . The Participant shall pay, or make arrangements to pay, in a manner satisfactory to the Company, an amount equal to the amount of all applicable federal, state and local or foreign taxes that the Company is required to withhold at any time. In the absence of such arrangements, the Company or one of its Affiliates shall have the right to withhold such taxes from the Participant s normal pay or other amounts payable to the Participant. Any statutorily required withholding obligation may be satisfied, in whole or in part, at the Participant s election, to the extent permitted by the Committee, by delivery of Shares of Common Stock (including Shares issuable under this Agreement). 
 10. Compliance with Law . The grant of Performance Shares hereunder shall be subject to and conditioned upon compliance with all applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations and to such approvals by any government or regulatory agency, or any national securities exchange listing requirements, as may be required. The Company shall not be required to issue Shares if the issuance would constitute a violation by the Participant or the Company of any provisions of any federal or state laws, rules or regulations or any national securities exchange. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any payments or benefits paid by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, including any accelerated vesting or similar provisions Agreement Payments ), would cause some or all of the Agreement Payments or any other payments made to or benefits received by the Participant in connection with a Change of Control (such payments or benefits, together with the Plan Payments, the Total Payments to be subject to the tax Excise Tax imposed by Code Section 4999 but for this Section 5, then the Total Payments shall be delivered either (A) in full or (B) in an amount such that the value of the aggregate Total Payments that the Participant is entitled to receive shall be One Dollar 1.00) less than the maximum amount that the Participant may receive without being subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of (A) or (B) results in the receipt by the Participant of the greatest benefit on an after-tax basis (taking into account applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax). 
 11. Legend. Any certificates representing the Shares issued hereunder shall have endorsed thereon any legend required to be placed thereon by applicable blue sky laws of any state. Any book entry representing the Shares issued hereunder shall include any stop transfer restrictions deemed necessary or appropriate by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Company be obligated to issue a certificate representing Common Stock or make a book entry transfer prior to the vesting and settlement of the Performance Shares as set forth above. 
 12. Securities Representations . The Performance Shares and any Shares issued in settlement thereof are being granted and issued to the Participant, and this Agreement is being made by the Company, in reliance upon the following express representations and warranties of the Participant. The Participant acknowledges, represents and warrants that 
 13. he or she has been advised that he or she may be an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and in this connection the Company is relying in part on his or her representations set forth in this section 
 14. if he or she is deemed an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144 of the Securities Act, any Shares issued hereunder must be held indefinitely unless an exemption from any applicable resale restrictions is available or the Company files an additional registration statement (or a re-offer prospectus) with regard to such Shares and the Company is under no obligation to register the Shares (or to file a re-offer prospectus) and 
 15. if he or she is deemed an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144 of the Securities Act, he or she understands that the exemption from registration under Rule 144 will not be available unless (i) a public trading market then exists for the Common Stock of the Company, (ii) adequate information concerning the Company is then available to the public, and (iii) other terms and conditions of Rule 144 or any exemption therefrom are complied with and that any sale of the Shares may be made only in limited amounts in accordance with such terms and conditions. 
 16. No Obligation to Continue Employment . This Agreement is not an agreement of employment. This Agreement does not guarantee that the Company or its Affiliates will employ or retain, or to continue to, employ or retain the Participant 

Page 13 

during the entire, or any portion of the, term of this Agreement, including but not limited to any period during which the Performance Shares are outstanding, nor does it modify in any respect the Company or its Affiliate s right to terminate or modify the Participant s employment or compensation. 
 17. Power of Attorney . The Company, its successors and assigns, is hereby appointed the attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution, of the Participant for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of this Agreement and taking any action and executing any instruments which such attorney-in-fact may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes hereof, which appointment as attorney-in-fact is irrevocable and coupled with an interest. Nevertheless, the Participant shall, if so requested by the Company, execute and deliver to the Company all such instruments as may, in the judgment of the Company, be advisable for the purpose. 
 18. Provisions of Plan Control . This Agreement is subject to all the terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan, including, without limitation, the amendment provisions thereof and to such rules, regulations and interpretations relating to the Plan as may be adopted by the Committee and as may be in effect from time to time. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference and all capitalized terms in this Agreement that are not otherwise defined shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan. If and to the extent that this Agreement conflicts or is inconsistent with the terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan, the Plan shall control, and this Agreement shall be deemed to be modified accordingly. This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreements between the Company and the Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 19. Acceptance . The Participant shall forfeit the Performance Shares if the Participant does not execute this Agreement within a period of 60 days from the date the Participant receives this Agreement (or such other period as the Committee shall provide). 
 20. Miscellaneous . 
 21. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns. 
 22. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Delaware (regardless of the law that might otherwise govern under applicable Delaware principles of conflict of laws). 
 23. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one contract. 
 24. The failure of any party hereto at any time to require performance by another party of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the right of such party to require performance of that provision, and any waiver by any party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed a waiver of any continuing or succeeding breach of such provision, a waiver of the provision itself, or a waiver of any right under this Agreement. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed on the Grant Date. 
 STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. 
 
 By __________________________________________ 

PARTICIPANT 
 
 __________________________________________ Edward R. Rosenfeld 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.25>
 4
 shoo-20231231xex1025.htm
 EX-10.25

Document 

NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 PURSUANT TO THE STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. 2019 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 

THIS AGREEMENT , dated as of date (this Agreement ), between Steven Madden, Ltd. (the Company and name (the Participant ). 
 Preliminary Statement 
 The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Committee has authorized this grant of a non-qualified stock option (the Option on date (the Grant Date to purchase the number of shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), set forth below in Section 2 to the Participant, as an Eligible Employee of the Company or an Affiliate of the Company. Unless otherwise indicated, any capitalized term used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Steven Madden, Ltd. 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan (as the same may be further amended from time to time, the Plan ). A copy of the Plan as in effect on the date hereof has been delivered to the Participant. By signing and returning this Agreement, the Participant acknowledges having received and read a copy of the Plan as in effect on the date hereof and agrees to comply with the Plan, this Agreement and all applicable laws and regulations. 
 Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Tax Matters . 
 (a) No part of the Option granted hereby is intended to qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 

(b) Withholding . The Participant shall pay, or make arrangements to pay, in a manner satisfactory to the Company, an amount equal to the amount of all applicable federal, state and local or foreign taxes that the Company is required to withhold in connection with the exercise of the Option or at any other time. In the absence of such arrangements, the Company or one of its Affiliates shall have the right to withhold such taxes from the Participant s normal pay or other amounts payable to the Participant. In addition, any statutorily required withholding obligation may be satisfied, in whole or in part, at the Participant s election by delivery of shares of Common Stock (including Option Shares issuable under this Agreement). 
 2. Grant of Option . Subject in all respects to the Plan and the terms and conditions set forth herein and therein, the Participant is hereby granted an Option to purchase from the Company number of shares shares of Common Stock (the Option Shares ), at a price per share of (the Option Price ). 
 3. Vesting and Exercise . 
 (a) Except as set forth below, the Option shall vest and become exercisable in installments as provided below, which shall be cumulative. To the extent that the Option has become vested and exercisable as provided below, the Option thereafter may be exercised by the Participant, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to the expiration or earlier termination of the Option as provided herein and in accordance with Section 6.3(d) of the Plan, including, without limitation, the filing of such written form of exercise notice, if any, as may be required by the Committee or the Company and the payment in full of the Option Price multiplied by the number of Option Shares underlying the portion of the Option exercised. The Option Price may be 

paid, in whole or in part, at the Participant s election by delivery of shares of Common Stock (including Option Shares issuable under this Agreement). Upon expiration of the Option, the Option shall be canceled and no longer exercisable. The following table indicates each date upon which the Participant shall be vested and entitled to exercise the Option with respect to the percentage of the Option Shares indicated beside such date, provided that the Participant has not had a Termination of Employment any time prior to such date (each of the dates set forth below being herein called a Vesting Date 
 Vesting Date Percentage of Option 
 Shares Vested 
 
 date ___ 
 date ___ 
 date ___ 
 date ___ 
 date ___ 
 (b) There shall be no proportionate or partial vesting in the periods prior to each Vesting Date and all vesting shall occur only on the appropriate Vesting Date, provided that the Participant has not had a Termination of Employment at any time prior to such Vesting Date. 
 (c) The Option will become fully vested upon the occurrence of both (i) a Change in Control and (ii) involuntary Termination of Employment, other than termination by the Company for Cause, within one year after such Change in Control. 
 (d) This Option and the obligation of the Company to sell and deliver the Option Shares hereunder, shall be subject to and conditioned upon compliance with all applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations including, without limitation, the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and 

regulations thereunder (the HSR Act ), and to such approvals by any government or regulatory agency as may be required. This Option may not be exercised by the Participant and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any certificates for Option Shares if the exercise of this Option, or the issuance or receipt of such Option Shares upon such exercise, would be in violation of applicable law. 
 (e) In the event that compliance with the HSR Act shall be required prior to exercise of all or any portion of the Option, the Company and the Participant agree to promptly make all necessary notifications, submissions or other filings required by the HSR Act, and to cooperate with one another to supply promptly any information and documentation that may be required or requested by the Department of Justice or the Federal Trade Commission pursuant to the HSR Act. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that, to the extent the HSR Act is applicable to the exercise of the Option, the issuance of the Option Shares shall be conditioned upon and subject to compliance with the HSR Act. 
 4. Option Term . The term of the Option shall be seven years after the Grant Date and the Option shall expire at 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the seventh anniversary of the Grant Date, subject to earlier termination in the event of the Participant s Termination of Employment as specified in Section 5 . 
 5. Termination . Subject to Section 4 and the terms of the Plan, the Option, to the extent vested at the time of the Participant s Termination of Employment, shall remain exercisable as provided in Section 13.1(a) of the Plan. Any portion of the Option that is not vested as of the date of the Participant s Termination of Employment for any reason shall terminate and expire as of the date of such Termination of Employment. 
 6. Restriction on Transfer of Option . No part of the Option shall be subject to Transfer other than by will or by the 

laws of descent and distribution. During the lifetime of the Participant, the Option may be exercised only by the Participant or the Participant s guardian or legal representative. The Option shall not be subject to levy by reason of any execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to Transfer the Option or in the event of any levy upon the Option by reason of any execution, attachment or similar process contrary to the provisions hereof, the Option shall immediately and automatically become null and void. 
 7. Rights as a Stockholder . The Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any Option Shares unless and until the Participant has become the holder of record of the Option Shares. No adjustments shall be made to the Option, the Option Shares or the Option Price for dividends in cash or other property, distributions or other rights in respect or any Option Shares, except as otherwise may he specifically provided for in the Plan. No shares of Common Stock shall be issued unless and until payment therefor has been made or provided. 
 8. Provisions of Plan Control . This Agreement is subject to all the terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan, including, without limitation, the amendment provisions thereof, and to such rules, regulations and interpretations relating to the Plan as may be adopted by the Committee and as may be in effect from time to time. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. If and to the extent that this Agreement conflicts or is inconsistent with the terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan, the Plan shall control, and this Agreement shall be deemed to be modified accordingly, This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral) between the Company and the Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 9. Notices . Any notice or communication given hereunder (each a Notice )shall be in writing and shall be sent by personal delivery, by courier or by United States mail 

(registered or certified mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested), to the appropriate party at the address set forth below 
 If to the Company, to 
 Steven Madden, Ltd. 52-16 Barnett Avenue Long Island City. New York 11104 Attention Chief Executive Officer 
 If to the Participant, to the address for the Participant on file with the Company 
 or such other address or to the attention of such other person as a party shall have specified by prior Notice to the other party. Each Notice will be deemed given and effective upon actual receipt (or refusal of receipt). 
 10. No Obligation to Continue Employment . This Agreement is not an agreement of employment. This Agreement does not guarantee that the Company or its Affiliates will employ, retain or continue to, employ or retain the Participant during the entire, or any portion of the, term of this Agreement, including but not limited to any period during which any Option is outstanding, nor does it modify in any respect the Company s or its Affiliates right to terminate or modify the Participant s employment or compensation. 
 11. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns. 
 (b) This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Delaware (regardless of the law that might otherwise govern under applicable Delaware principles of conflict of laws). 

(c) This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one contract. 
 (d) The failure of any party hereto at any time to require performance by another party of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the right of such party to require performance of that provision, and any waiver by any party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any continuing or succeeding breach of such provision, a waiver of the provision itself, or a waiver of any right under this Agreement. 
 Remainder of Page Left Blank 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement on the date and year first above written. 
 
 STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. 

By ____________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

PARTICIPANT 

_______________________________ 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-10.26>
 5
 shoo-20231231xex1026.htm
 EX-10.26

Document 

RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. 2019 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 (NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR) 
 
 THIS AGREEMENT (the Agreement evidences a grant of shares by Steven Madden, Ltd. (the Company under the Steven Madden, Ltd. 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan of Company common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock or the Shares ), subject to certain restrictions (the Restricted Stock ), to the Participant named below. Unless otherwise indicated, any capitalized term used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan. 
 1. Participant 
 2. Grant Date 
 3. Number of Shares granted subject to restriction ------- 
 4. Restrictions on Transfer . The Participant shall not sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate, assign or otherwise dispose of the Shares, except as set forth in the Plan or Agreement. Any attempted sale, transfer, pledge, hypothecation, assignment or other disposition of the Shares in violation of the Plan or this Agreement shall be void and of no effect and the Company shall have the right to disregard the same on its books and records and to issue stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent. 
 5. Restricted Stock . 
 (a) Retention of Certificates . Promptly after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall issue stock certificates representing the Restricted Stock unless, to the extent permitted under applicable law, it elects to issue the Shares in the form of uncertificated shares and recognize such ownership through an uncertificated book entry account maintained by the Company (or its designee) on behalf of the Participant or through another similar method. The Shares shall be registered in the Participant s name and any stock certificates shall bear any legend required under the Plan or Section 6 of this Agreement. Unless held in uncertified book entry form, such stock certificates shall be held in custody by the Company (or its designated agent) until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed. Upon the Company's request, the Participant shall deliver to the Company a duly signed stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the Restricted Stock. If the Participant receives a stock dividend or extraordinary cash dividend on the Restricted Stock or the Participant receives any other shares, securities, moneys or property (other than regular cash dividends on and after the date of this Agreement) representing a distribution or return of capital upon or in respect of the Restricted Stock pursuant to a stock split, reclassification or other like changes of the Restricted Stock, or otherwise received in exchange therefor, and any warrants, rights or options issued to the Participant in respect of the Restricted Stock (collectively RS Property as long as the Restricted Stock remains 'Restricted Stock, such RS Property shall be subject to the same restrictions as the Restricted Stock with regard to which they are issued and shall herein be encompassed within the term Restricted Stock. 

(b) Rights with Regard to Restricted Stock . The Participant will have the right to vote the Restricted Stock, and to exercise all other rights, powers and privileges of a holder of Common Stock with respect to the Restricted Stock set forth in the Plan, with the exceptions that (i) the Participant will not be entitled to delivery of the stock certificate or certificates representing the Restricted Stock until the Restriction Period shall have expired as to such Shares (ii) the Company (or its designated agent) will retain custody of the stock certificate or certificates representing the Restricted Stock and the other RS Property during the Restriction Period (iii) no RS Property shall bear interest (iv) the Participant may not sell, assign, transfer, pledge, exchange, encumber or dispose of the Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period and (v) the Company will have the right, but not the obligation, in its sole discretion, to pay dividends with respect to Shares of Restricted Stock that are not vested on the record date for payment of such dividends to holders of Shares of Common Stock. Dividends paid on Shares of Restricted Stock shall be treated, to the extent required by applicable law, as additional compensation for tax purposes. If the Participant forfeits any Shares of Restricted Stock upon the Participant s Termination as provided in Section 5(d) Forfeited Shares ), the Participant shall be required to pay back to the Company an amount equal to all dividends previously paid to the Participant with respect to such Forfeited Shares as unearned payments. 
 (c) Vesting . The Restricted Stock shall become vested and cease to be Restricted Stock (but shall remain subject to Sections 5(g) and 7 of this Agreement) as follows 
 Number of 
 Vesting Date Shares Vesting 
 
 provided that the Participant has not had a Termination any time prior to the applicable vesting date. 
 In addition, the Restricted Stock will become fully vested upon the occurrence of both (i) a Change in Control and (ii) involuntary Termination, other than termination by the Company for Cause, coincident with or within one year after such Change in Control. 
 
 Upon vesting, the Company shall promptly issue and deliver, unless the Company is using book entry, to the Participant a new stock certificate registered in the name of the Participant for such Shares without the legend set forth in Section 6 hereof and deliver to the Participant any related other RS Property, subject to applicable withholding. 
 
 (d) Termination Forfeiture . Except as otherwise set forth herein, the Participant shall forfeit to the Company, without compensation, any and all Shares of Restricted Stock that are not vested (but no vested portion of the Shares) and RS Property upon the Participant s Termination for any reason. 

1 

(e) Withholding . The Participant shall pay, or make arrangements to pay, in a manner satisfactory to the Company, an amount equal to the amount of all applicable federal, state and local or foreign taxes that the Company is required to withhold at any time. In the absence of such arrangements, the Company or one of its Affiliates shall have the right to withhold such taxes from the Participant s normal pay or other amounts payable to the Participant. In addition, any statutorily required withholding obligation may be satisfied, in whole or in part, at the Participant s election, in the form and manner prescribed by the Committee, by delivery of Shares of Common Stock (including Shares issuable under this Agreement). 
 (f) Section 83(b) . If the Participant properly elects (as required by Section 83(b) of the Code) within 30 days after the issuance of the Restricted Stock to include in gross income for federal income tax purposes in the year of issuance the fair market value of such Shares of Restricted Stock, the Participant shall pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company to pay to the Company upon such election, any federal, state or local taxes required to be withheld with respect to the Restricted Stock. If the Participant shall fail to make such payment, the Company shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Participant any federal, state or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to the Restricted Stock, as well as the rights set forth in Section 5(e) hereof. The Participant acknowledges that it is his or her sole responsibility, and not the Company s, to file timely and properly the election under Section 83(b) of the Code and any corresponding provisions of state tax laws if he or she elects to utilize such election. 
 (g) Compliance with Law . 
 (i) The grant of Restricted Stock hereunder shall be subject to and conditioned upon compliance with all applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations, including, but not limited to, the HSR Act (as defined below), and to such approvals by any government or regulatory agency, or any national securities exchange listing requirements, as may be required. The Company shall not be required to issue the Restricted Stock or to deliver any certificate representing the Restricted Stock or other RS Property if the issuance or receipt of such Restricted Stock would constitute a violation by the Participant or the Company of any provisions of any federal or state laws, rules or regulations or any national securities exchange. 
 (ii) The Participant and the Company acknowledge that the grant of Restricted Stock hereunder may subject the Participant and or the Company to the filing requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the HSR Act ). If any approval or waiting period under the HSR Act shall be required prior to the Participant being able to accept the grant, then the Company and the Participant agree to promptly make all necessary notifications or other filings required by the HSR Act and to cooperate with one another to supply promptly any information and documentation that may be required or requested by the Department of Justice or the Federal Trade Commission pursuant to the HSR Act. The Participant and the Company acknowledge and agree that, to the extent that the HSR Act is applicable to the grant of Restricted Stock hereunder, the 

issuance of the Restricted Stock shall be conditioned upon and subject to compliance with the HSR Act. 
 6. Legend. All certificates representing the Restricted Stock shall have endorsed thereon the legends (a) required under Section 8.2(c) of the Plan and (b) any legend required to be placed thereon by applicable blue sky laws of any state. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Company be obligated to issue a certificate representing the Restricted Stock prior to the vesting dates set forth above. 
 7. Securities Representations . The Shares are being issued to the Participant and this Agreement is being made by the Company in reliance upon the following express representations and warranties of the Participant. The Participant acknowledges, represents and warrants that 
 (a) he or she has been advised that he or she may be an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and in this connection the Company is relying in part on his or her representations set forth in this section 
 (b) if he or she is deemed an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144 of the Securities Act, the Shares must be held indefinitely unless an exemption from any applicable resale restrictions is available or the Company files an additional registration statement (or a re-offer prospectus) with regard to such Shares and the Company is under no obligation to register the Shares (or to file a re-offer prospectus) and 
 (c) if he or she is deemed an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144 of the Securities Act, he or she understands that the exemption from registration under Rule 144 will not be available unless (i) a public trading market then exists for the Common Stock of the Company, (ii) adequate information concerning the Company is then available to the public, and (iii) other terms and conditions of Rule 144 or any exemption therefrom are complied with and that any sale of the Shares may be made only in limited amounts in accordance with such terms and conditions. 
 8. No Obligation to Continue Employment . This Agreement is not an agreement of employment. This Agreement does not guarantee that the Company or its Affiliates will employ or retain, or to continue to, employ or retain the Participant during the entire, or any portion of the, term of this Agreement, including but not limited to any period during which the Restricted Stock is outstanding, nor does it modify in any respect the Company or its Affiliate s right to terminate or modify the Participant s employment or compensation. 
 9. Power of Attorney . The Company, its successors and assigns, is hereby appointed the attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution, of the Participant for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of this Agreement and taking any action and executing any instruments which such attorney-in-fact may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes hereof, which appointment as attorney-in-fact is irrevocable and coupled with an interest. Nevertheless, the Participant shall, if so requested by the Company, execute and deliver to the Company all such instruments as may, in the judgment of the Company, be advisable for the purpose. 

2 

10. Rights as a Stockholder . The Participant shall have such rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares covered by the Restricted Stock as are contemplated under Section 5(b) hereof. 
 11. Provisions of Plan Control . This Agreement is subject to all the terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan, including, without limitation, the amendment provisions thereof and to such rules, regulations and interpretations relating to the Plan as may be adopted by the Committee and as may be in effect from time to time. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference and all capitalized terms in this Agreement that are not otherwise defined shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan. If and to the extent that this Agreement conflicts or is inconsistent with the terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan, the Plan shall control, and this Agreement shall be deemed to be modified accordingly. This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreements between the Company and the Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 12. Acceptance . As required by Section 8.2(b) of the Plan, the Participant shall forfeit the Restricted Stock if the Participant does not execute this Agreement within a period of 60 days from the date the Participant receives this Agreement (or such other period as the Committee shall provide). 
 13. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns. 
 (b) This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Delaware (regardless of the law that might otherwise govern under applicable Delaware principles of conflict of laws). 
 (c) This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one contract. 
 (d) The failure of any party hereto at any time to require performance by another party of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the right of such party to require performance of that provision, and any waiver by any party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed a waiver of any continuing or succeeding breach of such provision, a waiver of the provision itself, or a waiver of any right under this Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed on the Grant Date. 
 
 STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. 
 
 By ____________________________ 
 Name Edward R. Rosenfeld 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 
 PARTICIPANT 
 
 _________________________________________ 

3 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.27>
 6
 shoo-20231231xex1027.htm
 EX-10.27

Document 

RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. 2019 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 
 THIS AGREEMENT (the Agreement evidences a grant of shares by Steven Madden, Ltd. (the Company under the Steven Madden, Ltd. 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan of Company common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock or the Shares ), subject to certain restrictions (the Restricted Stock ), to the Participant named below. Unless otherwise indicated, any capitalized term used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan. 
 1. Participant 
 2. Grant Date 
 3. Number of Shares granted subject to restriction 
 4. Restrictions on Transfer . The Participant shall not sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate, assign or otherwise dispose of the Shares, except as set forth in the Plan or Agreement. Any attempted sale, transfer, pledge, hypothecation, assignment or other disposition of the Shares in violation of the Plan or this Agreement shall be void and of no effect and the Company shall have the right to disregard the same on its books and records and to issue stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent. 
 5. Restricted Stock . 
 (a) Retention of Certificates . Promptly after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall issue stock certificates representing the Restricted Stock unless, to the extent permitted under applicable law, it elects to issue the Shares in the form of uncertificated shares and recognize such ownership through an uncertificated book entry account maintained by the Company (or its designee) on behalf of the Participant or through another similar method. The Shares shall be registered in the Participant s name and any stock certificates shall bear any legend required under the Plan or Section 6 of this Agreement. Unless held in uncertified book entry form, such stock certificates shall be held in custody by the Company (or its designated agent) until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed. Upon the Company's request, the Participant shall deliver to the Company a duly signed stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the Restricted Stock. If the Participant receives a stock dividend or extraordinary cash dividend on the Restricted Stock or the Participant receives any other shares, securities, moneys or property (other than regular cash dividends on and after the date of this Agreement) representing a distribution or return of capital upon or in respect of the Restricted Stock pursuant to a stock split, reclassification or other like changes of the Restricted Stock, or otherwise received in exchange therefor, and any warrants, rights or options issued to the Participant in respect of the Restricted Stock (collectively RS Property as long as the Restricted Stock remains 'Restricted Stock, such RS Property shall be subject to the same restrictions as the Restricted Stock with regard to which they are issued and shall herein be encompassed within the term Restricted Stock. 

(b) Rights with Regard to Restricted Stock . The Participant will have the right to vote the Restricted Stock, and to exercise all other rights, powers and privileges of a holder of Common Stock with respect to the Restricted Stock set forth in the Plan, with the exceptions that (i) the Participant will not be entitled to delivery of the stock certificate or certificates representing the Restricted Stock until the Restriction Period shall have expired as to such Shares (ii) the Company (or its designated agent) will retain custody of the stock certificate or certificates representing the Restricted Stock and the other RS Property during the Restriction Period (iii) no RS Property shall bear interest (iv) the Participant may not sell, assign, transfer, pledge, exchange, encumber or dispose of the Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period and (v) the Company will have the right, but not the obligation, in its sole discretion, to pay dividends with respect to Shares of Restricted Stock that are not vested on the record date for payment of such dividends to holders of Shares of Common Stock. Dividends paid on Shares of Restricted Stock shall be treated, to the extent required by applicable law, as additional compensation for tax purposes. If the Participant forfeits any Shares of Restricted Stock upon the Participant s Termination of Employment as provided in Section 5(d) Forfeited Shares ), the Participant shall be required to pay back to the Company an amount equal to all dividends previously paid to the Participant with respect to such Forfeited Shares as unearned payments. 
 (c) Vesting . The Restricted Stock shall become vested and cease to be Restricted Stock (but shall remain subject to Sections 5(g) and 7 of this Agreement) as follows 
 Number of 
 Vesting Date Shares Vesting 

provided that the Participant has not had a Termination any time prior to the applicable vesting date. 
 In addition, the Restricted Stock will become fully vested upon the occurrence of both (i) a Change in Control and (ii) involuntary Termination of Employment, other than termination by the Company for Cause, coincident with or within one year after such Change in Control. 
 
 Upon vesting, the Company shall promptly issue and deliver, unless the Company is using book entry, to the Participant a new stock certificate registered in the name of the Participant for such Shares without the legend set forth in Section 6 hereof and deliver to the Participant any related other RS Property, subject to applicable withholding. 
 
 (d) Termination Forfeiture . Except as otherwise set forth herein, the Participant shall forfeit to the Company, without compensation, any and all Shares of Restricted Stock that are not vested (but no vested portion of the Shares) and RS Property upon the Participant s Termination of Employment for any reason. 

1 

(e) Withholding . The Participant shall pay, or make arrangements to pay, in a manner satisfactory to the Company, an amount equal to the amount of all applicable federal, state and local or foreign taxes that the Company is required to withhold at any time. In the absence of such arrangements, the Company or one of its Affiliates shall have the right to withhold such taxes from the Participant s normal pay or other amounts payable to the Participant. In addition, any statutorily required withholding obligation may be satisfied, in whole or in part, at the Participant s election, in the form and manner prescribed by the Committee, by delivery of Shares of Common Stock (including Shares issuable under this Agreement). 
 (f) Section 83(b) . If the Participant properly elects (as required by Section 83(b) of the Code) within 30 days after the issuance of the Restricted Stock to include in gross income for federal income tax purposes in the year of issuance the fair market value of such Shares of Restricted Stock, the Participant shall pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company to pay to the Company upon such election, any federal, state or local taxes required to be withheld with respect to the Restricted Stock. If the Participant shall fail to make such payment, the Company shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Participant any federal, state or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to the Restricted Stock, as well as the rights set forth in Section 5(e) hereof. The Participant acknowledges that it is his or her sole responsibility, and not the Company s, to file timely and properly the election under Section 83(b) of the Code and any corresponding provisions of state tax laws if he or she elects to utilize such election. 
 (g) Compliance with Law . 
 (i) The grant of Restricted Stock hereunder shall be subject to and conditioned upon compliance with all applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations, including, but not limited to, the HSR Act (as defined below), and to such approvals by any government or regulatory agency, or any national securities exchange listing requirements, as may be required. The Company shall not be required to issue the Restricted Stock or to deliver any certificate representing the Restricted Stock or other RS Property if the issuance or receipt of such Restricted Stock would constitute a violation by the Participant or the Company of any provisions of any federal or state laws, rules or regulations or any national securities exchange. 
 (ii) The Participant and the Company acknowledge that the grant of Restricted Stock hereunder may subject the Participant and or the Company to the filing requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the HSR Act ). If any approval or waiting period under the HSR Act shall be required prior to the Participant being able to accept the grant, then the Company and the Participant agree to promptly make all necessary notifications or other filings required by the HSR Act and to cooperate with one another to supply promptly any information and documentation that may be required or requested by the Department of Justice or the Federal Trade Commission pursuant to the HSR Act. The Participant and the Company acknowledge and agree that, to the extent that the HSR Act is applicable to the grant of Restricted Stock hereunder, the 

issuance of the Restricted Stock shall be conditioned upon and subject to compliance with the HSR Act. 
 6. Legend. All certificates representing the Restricted Stock shall have endorsed thereon the legends (a) required under Section 8.2(c) of the Plan and (b) any legend required to be placed thereon by applicable blue sky laws of any state. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Company be obligated to issue a certificate representing the Restricted Stock prior to the vesting dates set forth above. 
 7. Securities Representations . The Shares, are being issued to the Participant and this Agreement is being made by the Company in reliance upon the following express representations and warranties of the Participant. The Participant acknowledges, represents and warrants that 
 (a) he or she has been advised that he or she may be an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and in this connection the Company is relying in part on his or her representations set forth in this section 
 (b) if he or she is deemed an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144 of the Securities Act, the Shares must be held indefinitely unless an exemption from any applicable resale restrictions is available or the Company files an additional registration statement (or a re-offer prospectus) with regard to such Shares and the Company is under no obligation to register the Shares (or to file a re-offer prospectus) and 
 (c) if he or she is deemed an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144 of the Securities Act, he or she understands that the exemption from registration under Rule 144 will not be available unless (i) a public trading market then exists for the Common Stock of the Company, (ii) adequate information concerning the Company is then available to the public, and (iii) other terms and conditions of Rule 144 or any exemption therefrom are complied with and that any sale of the Shares may be made only in limited amounts in accordance with such terms and conditions. 
 8. No Obligation to Continue Employment . This Agreement is not an agreement of employment. This Agreement does not guarantee that the Company or its Affiliates will employ or retain, or to continue to, employ or retain the Participant during the entire, or any portion of the, term of this Agreement, including but not limited to any period during which the Restricted Stock is outstanding, nor does it modify in any respect the Company or its Affiliate s right to terminate or modify the Participant s employment or compensation. 
 9. Power of Attorney . The Company, its successors and assigns, is hereby appointed the attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution, of the Participant for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of this Agreement and taking any action and executing any instruments which such attorney-in-fact may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes hereof, which appointment as attorney-in-fact is irrevocable and coupled with an interest. Nevertheless, the Participant shall, if so requested by the Company, execute and deliver to the Company all such instruments as may, in the judgment of the Company, be advisable for the purpose. 

2 

10. Rights as a Stockholder . The Participant shall have such rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares covered by the Restricted Stock as are contemplated under Section 5(b) hereof. 
 11. Provisions of Plan Control . This Agreement is subject to all the terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan, including, without limitation, the amendment provisions thereof and to such rules, regulations and interpretations relating to the Plan as may be adopted by the Committee and as may be in effect from time to time. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference and all capitalized terms in this Agreement that are not otherwise defined shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan. If and to the extent that this Agreement conflicts or is inconsistent with the terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan, the Plan shall control, and this Agreement shall be deemed to be modified accordingly. This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreements between the Company and the Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 12. Acceptance . As required by Section 8.2(b) of the Plan, the Participant shall forfeit the Restricted Stock if the Participant does not execute this Agreement within a period of 60 days from the date the Participant receives this Agreement (or such other period as the Committee shall provide). 
 13. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns. 
 (b) This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Delaware (regardless of the law that might otherwise govern under applicable Delaware principles of conflict of laws). 
 (c) This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one contract. 
 (d) The failure of any party hereto at any time to require performance by another party of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the right of such party to require performance of that provision, and any waiver by any party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed a waiver of any continuing or succeeding breach of such provision, a waiver of the provision itself, or a waiver of any right under this Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed on the Grant Date. 
 STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. 
 
 By __________________________________________ 
 Name Edward R. Rosenfeld 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

PARTICIPANT 
 
 _____________________________________________ 

3 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 7
 shoo-20231231xex1028.htm
 EX-10.28

Document 

RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. 2019 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 
 THIS AGREEMENT (the Agreement evidences a grant of shares by Steven Madden, Ltd. (the Company under the Steven Madden, Ltd. 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan of Company common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock or the Shares ), subject to certain restrictions (the Restricted Stock ), to the Participant named below. Unless otherwise indicated, any capitalized term used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan. 
 1. Participant 
 2. Grant Date 
 3. Number of Shares granted subject to restriction 
 4. Restrictions on Transfer . The Participant shall not sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate, assign or otherwise dispose of the Shares, except as set forth in the Plan or Agreement. Any attempted sale, transfer, pledge, hypothecation, assignment or other disposition of the Shares in violation of the Plan or this Agreement shall be void and of no effect and the Company shall have the right to disregard the same on its books and records and to issue stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent. 
 5. Restricted Stock . 
 (a) Retention of Certificates . Promptly after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall issue stock certificates representing the Restricted Stock unless, to the extent permitted under applicable law, it elects to issue the Shares in the form of uncertificated shares and recognize such ownership through an uncertificated book entry account maintained by the Company (or its designee) on behalf of the Participant or through another similar method. The Shares shall be registered in the Participant s name and any stock certificates shall bear any legend required under the Plan or Section 6 of this Agreement. Unless held in uncertified book entry form, such stock certificates shall be held in custody by the Company (or its designated agent) until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed. Upon the Company's request, the Participant shall deliver to the Company a duly signed stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the Restricted Stock. If the Participant receives a stock dividend or extraordinary cash dividend on the Restricted Stock or the Participant receives any other shares, securities, moneys or property (other than regular cash dividends on and after the date of this Agreement) representing a distribution or return of capital upon or in respect of the Restricted Stock pursuant to a stock split, reclassification or other like changes of the Restricted Stock, or otherwise received in exchange therefor, and any warrants, rights or options issued to the Participant in respect of the Restricted Stock (collectively RS Property as long as the Restricted Stock remains 'Restricted Stock, such RS Property shall be subject to the same restrictions as the Restricted Stock with regard to which they are issued and shall herein be encompassed within the term Restricted Stock. 

(b) Rights with Regard to Restricted Stock . The Participant will have the right to vote the Restricted Stock, to receive all dividends payable with respect to the Restricted Stock (although such dividends shall be (i) subject to the same terms and conditions, including forfeiture, applicable to the Shares of Restricted Stock with respect to which they were paid, (ii) earned and paid only to the extent that, and at the same time as, the related Shares of Restricted Stock are earned and become vested and (iii) treated, to the extent required by applicable law, as additional compensation for tax purposes if paid on Restricted Stock), and to exercise all other rights, powers and privileges of a holder of Common Stock with respect to the Restricted Stock set forth in the Plan, with the exceptions that (1) the Participant will not be entitled to delivery of the stock certificate or certificates representing the Restricted Stock until the Restriction Period shall have expired as to such Shares (2) the Company (or its designated agent) will retain custody of the stock certificate or certificates representing the Restricted Stock and the other RS Property during the Restriction Period (3) no RS Property shall bear interest or be required to be segregated in separate accounts during the Restriction Period and (4) the Participant may not sell, assign, transfer, pledge, exchange, encumber or dispose of the Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period. 
 (c) Vesting. 
 Vesting Date Number of Shares Vesting 
 In addition, the Restricted Stock will become fully vested upon the occurrence of both (i) a Change in Control and (ii) involuntary Termination of Employment, other than termination by the Company for Cause, coincident with or within one year after such Change in Control. 
 
 Upon vesting, the Company shall promptly issue and deliver, unless the Company is using book entry, to the Participant a new stock certificate registered in the name of the Participant for such Shares without the legend set forth in Section 6 hereof and deliver to the Participant any related other RS Property, subject to applicable withholding. 
 
 (d) Termination Forfeiture . Except as otherwise set forth herein, the Participant shall forfeit to the Company, without compensation, any and all Shares of Restricted Stock that are not vested (but no vested portion of the Shares) and RS Property upon the Participant s Termination of Employment for any reason. 
 (e) Withholding . The Participant shall pay, or make arrangements to pay, in a manner satisfactory to the Company, an amount equal to the amount of all applicable federal, state and local or foreign taxes that the Company is required to withhold at any time. In the absence of such arrangements, the Company or one of its Affiliates shall have the right to withhold such taxes from the Participant s normal pay or other amounts payable to the Participant. In addition, any statutorily required withholding obligation may be satisfied, in whole or in part, at the 

1 

Participant s election, in the form and manner prescribed by the Committee, by delivery of Shares of Common Stock (including Shares issuable under this Agreement). 
 (f) Section 83(b) . If the Participant properly elects (as required by Section 83(b) of the Code) within 30 days after the issuance of the Restricted Stock to include in gross income for federal income tax purposes in the year of issuance the fair market value of such Shares of Restricted Stock, the Participant shall pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company to pay to the Company upon such election, any federal, state or local taxes required to be withheld with respect to the Restricted Stock. If the Participant shall fail to make such payment, the Company shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Participant any federal, state or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to the Restricted Stock, as well as the rights set forth in Section 5(e) hereof. The Participant acknowledges that it is his or her sole responsibility, and not the Company s, to file timely and properly the election under Section 83(b) of the Code and any corresponding provisions of state tax laws if he or she elects to utilize such election. 
 (g) Compliance with Law . 
 (i) The grant of Restricted Stock hereunder shall be subject to and conditioned upon compliance with all applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations, including, but not limited to, the HSR Act (as defined below), and to such approvals by any government or regulatory agency, or any national securities exchange listing requirements, as may be required. The Company shall not be required to issue the Restricted Stock or to deliver any certificate representing the Restricted Stock or other RS Property if the issuance or receipt of such Restricted Stock would constitute a violation by the Participant or the Company of any provisions of any federal or state laws, rules or regulations or any national securities exchange. 
 (ii) The Participant and the Company acknowledge that the grant of Restricted Stock hereunder may subject the Participant and or the Company to the filing requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the HSR Act ). If any approval or waiting period under the HSR Act shall be required prior to the Participant being able to accept the grant, then the Company and the Participant agree to promptly make all necessary notifications or other filings required by the HSR Act and to cooperate with one another to supply promptly any information and documentation that may be required or requested by the Department of Justice or the Federal Trade Commission pursuant to the HSR Act. The Participant and the Company acknowledge and agree that, to the extent that the HSR Act is applicable to the grant of Restricted Stock hereunder, the issuance of the Restricted Stock shall be conditioned upon and subject to compliance with the HSR Act. 
 6. Legend. All certificates representing the Restricted Stock shall have endorsed thereon the legends (a) required under Section 8.2(c) of the Plan and (b) any legend required to be placed thereon by applicable blue sky laws of any state. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Company be obligated to issue 

a certificate representing the Restricted Stock prior to the vesting dates set forth above. 
 7. Securities Representations . The Shares, are being issued to the Participant and this Agreement is being made by the Company in reliance upon the following express representations and warranties of the Participant. The Participant acknowledges, represents and warrants that 
 (a) he or she has been advised that he or she may be an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and in this connection the Company is relying in part on his or her representations set forth in this section 
 (b) if he or she is deemed an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144 of the Securities Act, the Shares must be held indefinitely unless an exemption from any applicable resale restrictions is available or the Company files an additional registration statement (or a re-offer prospectus) with regard to such Shares and the Company is under no obligation to register the Shares (or to file a re-offer prospectus) and 
 (c) if he or she is deemed an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144 of the Securities Act, he or she understands that the exemption from registration under Rule 144 will not be available unless (i) a public trading market then exists for the Common Stock of the Company, (ii) adequate information concerning the Company is then available to the public, and (iii) other terms and conditions of Rule 144 or any exemption therefrom are complied with and that any sale of the Shares may be made only in limited amounts in accordance with such terms and conditions. 
 8. No Obligation to Continue Employment . This Agreement is not an agreement of employment. This Agreement does not guarantee that the Company or its Affiliates will employ or retain, or to continue to, employ or retain the Participant during the entire, or any portion of the, term of this Agreement, including but not limited to any period during which the Restricted Stock is outstanding, nor does it modify in any respect the Company or its Affiliate s right to terminate or modify the Participant s employment or compensation. 
 9. Power of Attorney . The Company, its successors and assigns, is hereby appointed the attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution, of the Participant for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of this Agreement and taking any action and executing any instruments which such attorney-in-fact may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes hereof, which appointment as attorney-in-fact is irrevocable and coupled with an interest. Nevertheless, the Participant shall, if so requested by the Company, execute and deliver to the Company all such instruments as may, in the judgment of the Company, be advisable for the purpose. 
 10. Rights as a Stockholder . The Participant shall have such rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares covered by the Restricted Stock as are contemplated under Section 5(b) hereof. 
 11. Provisions of Plan Control . This Agreement is subject to all the terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan, including, without limitation, the amendment 

2 

provisions thereof and to such rules, regulations and interpretations relating to the Plan as may be adopted by the Committee and as may be in effect from time to time. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference and all capitalized terms in this Agreement that are not otherwise defined shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan. If and to the extent that this Agreement conflicts or is inconsistent with the terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan, the Plan shall control, and this Agreement shall be deemed to be modified accordingly. This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreements between the Company and the Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 12. Acceptance . As required by Section 8.2(b) of the Plan, the Participant shall forfeit the Restricted Stock if the Participant does not execute this Agreement within a period of 60 days from the date the Participant receives this Agreement (or such other period as the Committee shall provide). 
 13. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns. 
 (b) This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Delaware (regardless of the law that might otherwise govern under applicable Delaware principles of conflict of laws). 
 (c) This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one contract. 
 (d) The failure of any party hereto at any time to require performance by another party of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the right of such party to require performance of that provision, and any waiver by any party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed a waiver of any continuing or succeeding breach of such provision, a waiver of the provision itself, or a waiver of any right under this Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed on the Grant Date. 
 
 STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. 
 
 By ________________________________________ 
 Edward R. Rosenfeld 
 Chief Executive Officer 

PARTICIPANT 
 
 ___________________________________________ 

3 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.29>
 8
 shoo-20231231xex1029.htm
 EX-10.29

Document 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. 
 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CLAWBACK POLICY 
 
 INSERT DATE 
 
 INSERT NAME AND EMAIL ADDRESS 
 
 Dear INSERT NAME 
 
 Steven Madden, Ltd. SHOO has recently adopted a Recovery Policy to govern the recovery of erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation (the Revised Clawback Policy and updated the related section of its Corporate Governance Principles to conform with the Revised Clawback Policy. 
 
 The Revised Clawback Policy requires SHOO to recover incentive-based compensation from covered officers in the event there is a restatement of SHOO s financial results. The Revised Clawback Policy also authorizes SHOO to recover certain compensation from individuals determined to be culpable in connection with certain criminal matters. 
 
 The Revised Clawback Policy will not apply to any of your incentive-based compensation awarded prior to October 2, 2023, the effective date of the Revised Clawback Policy (the Effective Date ). However, as you have previously acknowledged, the clawback-related section of the Corporate Governance Principles will continue to apply to any of your incentive-based compensation awarded on or after November 1, 2022. In your role as an executive officer and leader of SHOO, we believe it is important that you are aware of the Revised Clawback Policy and that you agree to its application to incentive-based compensation awarded to you on or after the Effective Date. 
 
 For that reason, we are asking that you review the text of the Revised Clawback Policy, which is included as Exhibit A to this acknowledgement (this Acknowledgement ), and that you indicate your acknowledgement and agreement that your incentive-based compensation awarded on or after the Effective Date will be subject to the Revised Clawback Policy. 
 
 In addition, because we cannot predict with certainty future regulatory requirements or governance developments in this area, we are asking that you agree that your incentive-based compensation and time-based compensation awarded on or after the Effective Date will be subject to any compensation clawback, compensation recoupment or compensation recovery policy that SHOO may adopt, or that may become applicable to SHOO, in the future. 
 
 If you have any questions about the Revised Clawback Policy or this Acknowledgment, please do not hesitate to contact me. Otherwise, please sign and date this Acknowledgement where indicated below and return a copy to me by INSERT DEADLINE FOR RETURN . 

We thank you for your contributions to SHOO to date and appreciate your attention to this important corporate governance topic. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. 
 
 By Title 
 
 By signing below, I acknowledge and agree that (1) I have read and understood the Revised Clawback Policy set forth in Exhibit A , (2) I agree that any incentive-based compensation that I am awarded or otherwise receive on or after the Effective Date will be subject to the Revised Clawback Policy, (3) this Acknowledgment serves as an amendment to any employment agreement, equity award agreement or similar agreement to which I am a party with SHOO, (4) this Acknowledgment will continue to apply to any future employment agreement or similar agreement to which I become a party with SHOO, (5) incentive-based compensation and time-based compensation awarded to me on or after the Effective Date will be subject to any compensation clawback, compensation recoupment or compensation recovery policy that SHOO may adopt, or that may otherwise become applicable to SHOO, in the future, and (6) the grant or payment of future incentive-based compensation or time-based compensation to me serves as adequate consideration for my agreement to this Acknowledgement. 
 
 ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED 
 
 ______________________________________ Date ____________________ 
 INSERT NAME OF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.35>
 9
 shoo-20231231xex1035.htm
 EX-10.35

Document 

January 24, 2024 

Dear Ms. Keith 
 
 This letter (the Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions of your employment with Steven Madden, Ltd. (the Company 
 
 1. Term of Agreement . February 1, 2024 through January 31, 2027 unless sooner terminated in accordance with Paragraph 7 of this Agreement (the Term ). At the expiration of the Term, unless you are (a) notified that your employment shall be terminated or (b) this Agreement is renewed in some form, your employment shall continue on an at-will basis, at the same terms as contained herein. 
 
 2. Position . You shall serve as Executive Vice President General Counsel or in such other comparable role as may be determined by the Company. You shall report to the Chief Executive Officer or such other person as the Chief Executive Officer shall direct. You shall expend all of your working time to the Company and shall devote your best efforts, energy and skills to the Company and the promotion of its interests you shall not take part in any activities detrimental to the best interest of the Company. 
 
 3. Salary . 425,000 annualized (paid in accordance with normal Company practice) from February 1, 2024 through January 31, 2025 450,000 annualized (paid in accordance with normal Company practice) from February 1, 2025 through January 31, 2026 and 475,000 annualized (paid in accordance with normal Company practice) from February 1, 2026 through January 31, 2027. 
 
 4. Discretionary Bonus . You shall be eligible to receive an annual performance bonus for 2024, 2025 and 2026 in an amount, if any, to be determined by the Company in its absolute discretion (the Bonus ). Such Bonus (net of any deductions required to be withheld by any applicable laws and regulations) shall be payable on or about March 15 of the following year. 
 
 5. Restricted Stock . On February 1, 2024, you shall be granted shares of restricted stock vesting 20 per year for five years commencing on the first anniversary of the grant date. The number of restricted shares to be issued shall be determined by dividing Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars 250,000) by the closing price of the common stock of the Company on February 1, 2024. 
 
 On February 1, 2025, you shall be granted shares of restricted stock vesting 20 per year for five years commencing on the first anniversary of the grant date. The number of restricted shares to be issued shall be determined by dividing One Hundred Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars 175,000) by the closing price of the common stock of the Company on February 1, 2025. 
 
 On February 1, 2026, you shall be granted shares of restricted stock vesting 20 per year for five years commencing on the first anniversary of the grant date. The number of restricted shares to be issued shall be determined by dividing One Hundred Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars 175,000) by the closing price of the common stock of the Company on February 1, 2026. 
 
 6. Car Allowance . You shall receive a car allowance of 1,000 per month. 
 
 7. Termination . 
 
 (a) Involuntary Termination . The Company has the right to terminate your employment at any time without Cause (as defined below). In the event the Company terminates your 

Page 2 

employment without Cause, then the Term shall terminate immediately, and you shall be eligible to receive only 
 
 (i) Salary payments described in Paragraph 3, at the regular intervals of payment (the Salary Continuation ). The Salary Continuation shall run from the date of termination through the earlier of 
 
 a. the date six months after the date of termination or 
 
 b. the date this Agreement would have otherwise terminated but for the involuntary termination and 
 
 (ii) if your employment is terminated without Cause before March 15, any accrued and unpaid Bonus amount described in Paragraph 4 for the calendar year before termination, which such Bonus shall still be payable on or about March 15 of the year in which your employment was terminated Prior Year Bonus ). 
 
 Payment of the Salary Continuation and Prior Year Bonus is contingent upon the execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims in the Company s standard form. 
 
 (a) Voluntary Termination by you or Termination for Cause . You shall have the right to terminate your employment at any time for any reason Voluntary Termination and the Company shall have the right to terminate your employment at any time for Cause, on written notice to you, setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances resulting in the Cause upon which such termination is based. In the event of a Voluntary Termination or a termination by the Company for Cause, the Term shall terminate immediately and you shall be entitled only to any accrued and unpaid Salary described in Paragraph 3 through the date of termination. For the purpose of this Agreement, Cause shall mean 
 
 (i) a material breach by you of your material duties or obligations to the Company which is not remedied to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company within ten (10) days after the receipt by you of written notice of such breach from the Company 
 
 (ii) you are convicted of, or enter a guilty or no contest plea with respect to a felony or a crime of moral turpitude (whether or not a felony) 
 
 (iii) you have an alcohol or substance abuse problem, which in the reasonable opinion of the Company materially interferes with your ability to perform your duties 
 
 (iv) any act or acts of personal dishonesty, fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation or conversion intended to result in your personal enrichment at the expense of the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or any other material breach or violation of fiduciary duty owed to the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates 
 
 (v) any grossly negligent act or omission or any willful and deliberate misconduct by you that results, or is likely to result, in material economic, or other harm, to the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or 
 
 (vi) you violate or pay fines, suffer sanctions or injunctive relief relating to (whether or not you are found to have violated) any federal or state securities laws, rules or 

Page 3 

regulations or the rules and regulations of any stock exchange on which the Company is listed or included. 
 
 (b) Termination for Good Reason . You may terminate your employment for Good Reason (as defined below) and, subject to your execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims in the Company s standard form, you will be entitled to the Salary Continuation and Prior Year Bonus, on the same terms set forth in subsections (a)(i) and (ii) above. For purposes of this Agreement, resigning with Good Reason means that you resign from employment after the occurrence of any of the following (i) a material diminution in your authority, duties, or responsibilities, (ii) a material reduction in your aggregate compensation (excluding bonuses for which you did not qualify) unless such reduction is concurrently made to all of the Company s senior management, (iii) the Company relocates more than twenty-five (25) miles from New York City, or (iv) a material breach of any other material term of this agreement provided, however, that any such condition shall not constitute Good Reason unless you provide written notice to the Company of the condition claimed to constitute Good Reason within thirty (30) days of the initial existence of such condition and, thereafter, the Company fails to cure such condition within thirty (30) days following its receipt of such notice. 
 
 (c) Disability . You shall be considered to be Disabled if, in the Company s reasonable opinion after receiving the written report of an independent physician selected by the Company, you are incapable, due to mental or physical disability, of performing the essential functions of your duties for a period of sixty (60) days (whether or not consecutive) during any period of one hundred twenty (120) days. In the event you shall become Disabled during the Term, the Company may terminate your employment and the Term and the Company shall have no further obligation or liabilities to you, except (i) payment of accrued and unpaid Salary described in Paragraph 3 through the date of termination plus (ii) the Prior Year Bonus. Payment of the Prior Year Bonus is contingent upon the execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims in the Company s standard form. For purposes of clarity, in the event the Company terminates your employment due to Disability, you shall not be eligible for Salary Continuation. 
 
 (d) Death . In the event of your death, your employment and the Term shall terminate immediately and the Company shall have no further obligation or liabilities to you or your estate except that your estate shall be entitled to receive (i) payment of accrued and unpaid Salary described in Paragraph 3 through the date of termination plus (ii) the Prior Year Bonus. Payment of the Prior Year Bonus is contingent upon the execution and non-revocation by your estate of a general release of claims in the Company s standard form. For purposes of clarity, in the event your employment ends due to your death, your estate shall not be eligible to receive Salary Continuation. 
 
 (e) Change of Control . The term Change of Control , as used herein, shall mean when any person or group (excluding the Company or any of its affiliates) becomes the beneficial owner of securities representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. If, during the period commencing 30 days prior to a Change of Control and ending 180 days after a Change of Control, you are terminated by the Company other than for Cause or you quit for Good Reason, you are entitled to receive an amount equal to the lesser of (A) two and one-half (2.5) times the sum of (i) the annual Salary to which you were entitled under Section 3 as of the date of termination plus (ii) the average Bonus you received for the preceding three-year period ending on the last previous December 31 st or (B) the maximum amount which is tax deductible to the Company under Internal Revenue Code Section 280G. The foregoing shall be in lieu of, and not in addition to, any other payments or compensation you would otherwise be entitled to hereunder as a result of your termination. 

Page 4 

8. Non-Solicitation Non-Competition Agreement . You recognize that the services to be performed by you hereunder are special and unique. In consideration of the compensation granted herein, you agree that for as long as you are receiving your Salary or Salary Continuation under this Agreement and, if you are terminated by the Company for Cause or if you quit or resign your position without Good Reason, through the earlier of (a) the date six months after the date of termination or (b) January 31, 2027, you shall not, directly or indirectly, anywhere in the United States, whether individually or as a principal officer, employee, partner, member, director or agent of, or consultant for, any person or entity (i) become employed by, an owner of, or otherwise affiliated with, or furnish services to, any business that competes with the Company, (ii) solicit any business from any customers of the Company, or (iii) hire, offer to hire, entice away, or in any manner persuade or attempt to persuade any employee of the Company to discontinue his her employment with the Company or any other party that has a business relationship with the Company to discontinue his her its business relationship with the Company. 
 
 9. Discoveries . You agree to disclose promptly in writing to the Company s General Counsel all ideas, processes, methods, devices, business concepts, inventions, improvements, discoveries, know-how and other creative achievements (hereinafter referred to collectively as Discoveries to the extent such Discoveries have been reduced to practice, in whole or in part, whether or not the same or any part thereof is capable of being patented, trademarked, copyrighted, or otherwise protected, which you, while employed by the Company, conceive, make, develop, acquire or reduce to practice, whether acting alone or with others and whether during or after usual working hours, and which are related to the Company s business or interests, or are used or usable by the Company, or arise out of or in connection with the duties performed by you. You hereby transfer and assign to the Company all right, title and interest in and such Discoveries that are conceived, made, developed, acquired or reduced to practice during your employment with the Company, including any and all domestic and foreign copyrights and patent and trademark rights therein and any renewals thereof. On request of the Company, you will, without any additional compensation, from time to time during, and after the expiration or termination of, the Term, execute such further instruments (including applications for copyrights, patents, trademarks and assignments thereof) and do all such other acts and things as may be deemed necessary or desirable by the Company to protect and or enforce its rights in respect of such Discoveries. All reasonable expenses incurred by you in complying with the Company s request and all expenses of filing or prosecuting any patent, trademark or copyright application shall be borne by the Company, but you shall cooperate in filing and or prosecuting any such application. 
 
 This Agreement does not apply to any Discoveries that you develop entirely on your own time without using the Company s equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information, except for those Discoveries that either (i) relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the Company s business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company or (ii) result from any work performed by you for the Company. 
 
 10. Covenant Not to Disclose . You covenant and agree that you will not at any time during or after the Term, reveal, divulge or make known to any person (other than to the Company, or in the regular course of business of the Company) or use for your own account any confidential or proprietary records, data, processes, ideas, methods, devices, business concepts, inventions, discoveries, know-how, trade secrets or any other confidential or proprietary information whatsoever (the Confidential Information previously possessed or used by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, (whether or not developed, devised or otherwise created in whole or in part by your efforts) and made known to you by reason of your employment by or affiliation with the Company. You further covenant and agree that you shall retain all such knowledge and information which you shall acquire or develop respecting such Confidential Information in trust for the sole benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns. Additionally, you agree that all right, title and interest in and to any discoveries, processes, ideas, 

Page 5 

methods and or business concepts that you develop during the Term relating to the business of the Company are, and shall remain the property of the Company, and you hereby assign to the Company any right, title and interest you might otherwise claim therein. 
 
 Nothing in this Agreement prohibits you from reporting violations of law or regulation to an appropriate governmental agency or entity or making other disclosures that are protected under applicable law. Nothing in this Agreement limits your rights under the Defend Trade Secrets Act DTSA and applicable state law. You are hereby notified that the DTSA protects individuals from criminal or civilly liability where the disclosure of a trade secret is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and the confidential disclosure is made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law and (ii) the trade secret disclosure is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, and the disclosure is made under seal. Nothing in this Agreement restricts or impedes you from exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation, or court order. Furthermore, nothing in this Agreement prohibits you from (i) making disclosures that are otherwise prohibited by this Agreement to law enforcement, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, a state division of human rights, a local commission on human rights, or any attorney retained by you or (ii) disclosing or discussing conduct, the existent of a settlement involving conduct, or information involving sexual harassment and sexual assault, as those terms are defined under applicable federal, tribal or state law. 
 
 11. Business Materials, Covenant to Report . All written materials, records and documents made by you or coming into your possession concerning the business or affairs of the Company shall be the sole property of the Company and, upon the termination or expiration of your employment with the Company or upon the request of the Company at any time, you shall promptly deliver the same to the Company and shall retain no copies thereof. You agree to render to the Company such reports of your activities or activities of others under your direction during the Term as the Company may request. 
 
 12. Governing Law Injunctive Relief . 
 
 (a) The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement shall be controlled by and construed under the laws of the State of New York, excluding choice of law rules thereof. 
 
 (b) You acknowledge and agree that, in the event you shall violate any of the restrictions of Paragraphs 8, 9, 10 or 11 hereof, the Company will be without an adequate remedy at law and will therefore be entitled to enforce such restrictions by temporary or permanent injunctive or mandatory relief in any court of competent jurisdiction without the necessity of proving damages or posting a bond or other security, and without prejudice to any other remedies which it may have at law or in equity. Each of you and the Company acknowledges and agrees that, in addition to any other state having proper jurisdiction, any such relief may be sought in, and for such purpose each of you and the Company consents to the jurisdiction of, the courts of the State of New York. 
 
 13. Assignment . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and assigns (if any). As used in this Paragraph, Company shall mean both the Company as defined above and any such successor that assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement, by operation of law or otherwise. You shall not assign this Agreement or any of your rights or obligations hereunder (by operation of law or otherwise) without the consent of the Company. 

Page 6 

14. Notices . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be given or made pursuant to any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been duly given or made for all purposes when hand delivered or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid, overnight mail or courier, or facsimile, addressed, if to the Company, at the Company s offices, Attn Chief Executive Officer, and if to you, at the address of your personal residence as maintained in the Company s records, or at such other address as any party shall designate by notice to the other party given in accordance with this Paragraph 14. 
 
 15. Entire Agreement . This Agreement represents the entire understanding and agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, supersedes all prior agreements between such parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and cannot be amended, supplemented or modified orally, but only by an agreement (excluding e-mail or text message) in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such amendment, supplement or modification is sought. 
 
 16. Execution in Counterparts Signatures Severability . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile or electronic mail signatures hereon shall constitute original signatures. If any provisions of this Agreement as applied to any part or to any circumstance shall be adjudged by a court to be invalid or unenforceable, the same shall in no way affect any other provision of this Agreement, the application of such provision in any other circumstances or the validity or enforceability of this Agreement. 
 
 17. Representation by Counsel Interpretation . Each party acknowledges that it has been represented by counsel or has had the opportunity to be represented by counsel in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Accordingly, any rule or law or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any claimed ambiguities in this Agreement against the party that drafted it has no application and is expressly waived by such parties. The provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted in a reasonable manner to effect the intent of the parties hereto. 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. 

Signature s EDWARD R. ROSENFELD 
 Edward R. Rosenfeld, CEO 

Counter-signature s LISA KEITH 
 Lisa Keith 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-14.01>
 10
 shoo-20231231xex1401.htm
 EX-14.01

Document 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. 
 CODE OF ETHICS FOR THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND SENIOR FINANCIAL OFFICERS 
 In accordance with the provisions of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Item 406 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Board of Directors (the Board of Steven Madden, Ltd. (the Company has adopted this Code of Ethics (this Code for the Chief Executive Officer (or other person serving as the Company s principal executive officer), the Chief Financial Officer (or other person serving as the Company s principal financial officer), the Controller (or other person serving as the Company s principal accounting officer), the head of internal audit and such other employees of the Company as the Audit Committee may from time to time designate as senior financial officers for purposes of this Code (collectively, the Senior Financial Officers ). The Company has a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all employees and the CEO and Senior Financial Officers are bound by the provisions set forth therein relating to honest and ethical conduct, conflicts of interest and compliance with laws. In addition, the CEO and the Senior Financial Officers are subject to specific policies contained in this Code. 
 I. PUBLIC DISCLOSURE 
 It is the Company s policy that the information in our public communications and disclosures, including our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), be full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable and otherwise comply with applicable federal securities laws and SEC rules. The CEO and the Senior Financial Officers must comply and promote compliance with this policy. The CEO and each of the Senior Financial Officers are required to be familiar the Company's disclosure controls and procedures, its internal control over financial reporting and the disclosure requirements applicable to the Company. The CEO and each of Senior Financial Officers are prohibited from knowingly misrepresenting, omitting or causing others to misrepresent or omit, material facts regarding the Company to others, whether within or outside the Company, including the Company s independent accountants. 
 The CEO and the Senior Financial Officers must act in good faith and with due care and diligence in connection with the preparation of the Company s public disclosures and ensure that the financial statements and reports submitted to the SEC are full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable and otherwise comply with applicable federal securities laws and SEC rules. It is the responsibility of the CEO and each Senior Financial Officer to report to the Audit Committee or the Board any untrue statement of material fact and any omission of material fact of which he or she may become aware pertaining to information prepared by him or her or employees in his or her area of responsibility that affect the disclosures made by the Company in our public filings. The Senior Financial Officers must also promptly report to the Audit Committee or the Board any irregularities or deficiencies in the Company s internal controls for financial reporting. The CEO and each Senior Financial Officer will report to the Audit Committee or the Board any information he or she may have concerning (i) significant deficiencies in the design or operation of disclosure and internal controls which could adversely affect the ability of personnel in his or her areas of responsibility to record, process, summarize and report financial data or (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves any employee who has a significant role in his or her area s internal controls. 
 
 II. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 All business decisions must be made in the Company s best interest. A conflict of interest arises when an individual s personal or professional interests interfere with, or appear to interfere with, the interests of the Company. Loans by the Company to, or guarantees by the Company of obligations of, employees (including the CEO and Senior Financial Officers) or their family members are of special concern and could constitute improper personal benefits to the recipients of such loans or guarantees, depending on the facts and circumstances. Loans by the Company to, or guarantees by the Company of obligations of, the CEO or any Senior Financial Officer or their family members are expressly prohibited. Even if no actual conflict of interest exists, situations that create the appearance of a conflict may harm the Company s image, reputation or public relations or cause other problems damaging to the Company, and, as such, also should be avoided. Conflicts of interest are prohibited as a matter of Company policy, unless they have been approved in advance by the Company. 

In addition, as a result of their close relationships to the Company and our business, the CEO and the Senior Financial Officers have a special responsibility to 
 refrain, without the approval of the Board, from transacting business with the Company through any entity in which the officer or a member of his or her immediate family owns all or a controlling interest 
 refrain, without the approval of the Board, from participating in other employment or serving as a director for other organizations if such activity reasonably could be expected to interfere with the officer s ability to act in the best interests of the Company or reasonably could be expected to require the officer to use proprietary, confidential or non- public information of the Company 
 refuse gifts, favors or hospitality that would influence or appear to influence the recipient to act other than in the best interests of the Company and 
 report to the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee or to the Board any existing or potential director positions they hold, including positions on non-profit or charitable organization boards of directors. 
 III. COMPLIANCE AND REPORTING 
 The CEO and each Senior Financial Officer will engage in and promote honest and ethical conduct, acting with integrity and exercising at all times their best independent judgment, and comply with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations, as well as the rules and regulations of self-regulatory organizations of which the Company is a member. The CEO and each Senior Financial Officer will promptly bring to the attention of the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee (the Audit Committee in the case of matters addressed in Section I hereof) or the Board any existing or potential violation of this Code, including any violation of the securities or other laws, rules or regulations applicable to the Company and the operation of our business or any actual or apparent conflict of interest. Accordingly, it is the responsibility of the CEO and each Senior Financial Officer to avoid, and promptly to bring to the attention of the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee or the Board, any material transaction or relationship that could give rise to such a violation, including such a conflict of interest. The CEO and all Senior Financial Officers will be held accountable for their adherence to this Code and failure to observe the terms of this Code may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment, as well as corrective or preventative action to address any existing or potential violation of this Code. Violations of this Code may also constitute violations of law, and may result in civil and criminal penalties for the individual, his or her supervisor and or the Company. 
 Confidentiality regarding those who make compliance reports and those potentially involved is maintained to the extent possible during a compliance investigation. The Company does not tolerate retribution, retaliation or adverse personnel action of any kind against any person for lawfully reporting a situation of potential noncompliance with this Code, or providing to the Company or any law enforcement or other governmental agency any information or assistance relating to the commission or possible commission of any federal or state offense. 
 The CEO and the Senior Financial Officers have a responsibility to create an environment within the Company in which compliance with this Code is treated as a serious obligation and in which violations of this Code are not tolerated. The CEO and the Senior Financial Officers will establish and, if necessary, modify the procedures by which violations of this Code are to be reported. 
 IV. WAIVERS OF THIS CODE 
 Waivers of this Code will be granted only under exceptional circumstances however, the Company may elect to waive certain provisions of this Code on a case-by-case basis. Waivers of this code may be granted only by the Board and the Company will disclose any such waiver and the reasons therefor in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements. 

Last Updated May 8, 2023 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. 
 CODE OF ETHICS FOR THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND SENIOR FINANCIAL OFFICERS 
 ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF CEO AND SENIOR FINANCIAL OFFICERS 
 
 As clearly stated in the Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers (the Code of Steven Madden, Ltd. (the Company ), adherence to the law and the highest ethical standards of integrity is the foundation of everything that the Company does. Meeting this standard and complying with all applicable laws and regulations requires a commitment from each employee. By my signature below I acknowledge the following 
 
 I have read and understand the provisions of the Code 
 to the best of my knowledge, I am in compliance with the Code 
 I understand that if I violate the Code, or if I fail to report a violation of the Code by any officer or employee of the Company, I may be subject to disciplinary action up to and including dismissal from my employment with the Company 
 I understand that it is my obligation to implement the Code and to use my best efforts to ensure that employees of the Company comply with its provisions and 
 I will abide by the Code and the Company s policies. 

By ___________________________________ 

Date ___________________________________ 

</EX-14.01>

<EX-14.02>
 11
 shoo-20231231xex1402.htm
 EX-14.02

Document 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. 
 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 The Board of Directors (the Board of Steven Madden, Ltd. (the Company has adopted this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (this Code applicable to members of our Board (such members, Directors ). This Code is intended to focus each Director on areas of conflicts of interest and other ethical issues, provide mechanisms to report potential conflicts or unethical conduct and help foster a culture of openness and accountability. While this Code is intended to encompass a wide variety of situations, no code or policy can anticipate every situation that may arise, however, and, as such, Directors are encouraged to bring questions about particular situations to the Chair of the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee who may consult with outside legal counsel as appropriate. Directors who also serve as employees of the Company should read this Code in conjunction with the Company s Code of Conduct applicable to our employees. 
 I. FIDUCIARY DUTIES 
 Directors have a fiduciary relationship with the Company and that relationship imposes on the Directors certain fiduciary duties established by law. These fiduciary duties are the duty of care, the duty of good faith, and the duty of loyalty. 
 The fiduciary duty of care focuses on the Board s decision-making process, and not on the fairness or equity of the decision that results from that process. It is process-oriented, and not results-oriented. This duty requires that, when making decisions, Directors are well informed and prepared and that their decisions are based on genuine deliberation that utilizes the expert advice of legal or financial experts, if needed, and are made with a good faith belief that the decisions are in the best interests of the Company. 
 The fiduciary duties of good faith and loyalty focus on the independent state of mind required of Directors and their good faith in protecting the best interests of the Company. The fiduciary duty of good faith loyalty prohibits self-dealing, conflicts of interest, lack of independence or disloyal conduct, misappropriation of the Company s assets or opportunities, profiting from a transaction that is not substantively fair to the Company and transactions in which a Director is not independent. The duty also prohibits conduct motivated by an intent to interfere with, or harm the Company or violate the law. 
 II. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 Directors must avoid conflicts of interest between the Director and the Company. Any situation that involves, or may reasonably be expected to involve, a conflict of interest between a Director and the Company, should be disclosed promptly to the Chair of the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee or the Board of Directors. A conflict of interest arises when a Director s personal or professional interests interfere with, or appear to interfere with, the interests of the Company. Even if no actual conflict of interest exists, situations that create the appearance of a conflict may harm the Company s image, reputation or public relations or cause other problems damaging to the Company, and, as such, also should be avoided. Some of the more common conflicts which Directors should avoid are set out below 
 Relationships with third parties . Directors should not receive a personal benefit from any person or firm which is seeking to do business or to retain business with the Company. 

Gifts . Directors and members of their families should not accept gifts from persons or firms which deal with the Company where any such gift has a value beyond what is a normal and customary business courtesy. 
 Compensation from non-Company sources . Directors may not accept compensation (in any form) for services performed for the Company from any source other than the Company. 
 Personal use of Company assets . Directors should not use Company assets, resources or information except in connection with Company business. 
 Where necessary to avoid a conflict of interest, a Director must recuse him or herself from any Company Board deliberations and decisions affecting his or her personal or professional interests. 
 III. CONFIDENTIALITY 
 One of the Company s most valuable assets is information. Like other assets, information that is not generally disclosed and is helpful to the Company (or would be to our competitors) must be protected. This includes our trade secrets, sales and profit figures, new product or marketing plans and information concerning potential acquisitions, divestitures and investments. Directors must safeguard and maintain the confidentiality of information entrusted to them by the Company and any other confidential information about the Company that comes to them, from whatever source, in their capacity as a Director, except when disclosure is authorized or legally mandated. The obligation to preserve the Company s confidential information is ongoing even after service as a Director ends. 
 IV. CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES PROTECTION AND PROPER USE OF COMPANY ASSETS 
 Directors owe a duty to the Company to advance the Company s legitimate business interests when the opportunity to do so arises. In this regard, Directors should endeavor to protect the Company s assets and ensure their efficient use and are prohibited from (i) taking for themselves personally (or directing to third parties) business opportunities that are discovered through the use of the Company s property or information or their position, (ii) using the Company s property or information or their position for personal gain, and (iii) competing with the Company for business opportunities however, in the event that the Company s disinterested Directors determine that the Company will not pursue an opportunity that relates to the Company s business a Director may then do so. 
 V. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS, RULES AND REGULATIONS FAIR DEALING 
 Directors will comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations including, without limitation, insider trading laws. 
 Directors will assure that the Company has policies in place that require fair dealing by employees with the Company s customers, suppliers and competitors. 
 VI. ENCOURAGING THE REPORTING OF ANY ILLEGAL OR UNETHICAL BEHAVIOR 
 Directors should promote ethical behavior and take steps to ensure that the Company (i) encourages employees to report violations of laws, rules, regulations or the Company s Code of Conduct to appropriate personnel, (ii) encourages employees to talk to supervisors, managers and other appropriate personnel when in doubt about the best course of action in a particular situation and (iii) has a whistle blower policy that assures employees that the Company will not retaliate for reports made in good faith. 

VII. HANDLING NEWS ABOUT THE COMPANY 
 Confidential information about the Company, including information that can be expected to have an impact on the market for the Company s stock such as forward-looking information including projections of revenue or earnings, may be released only in accordance with Company guidelines and United States securities laws. Contact with news organizations should be handled through the Company s standard accepted processes. 
 VIII. COMPLIANCE WITH THIS CODE WAIVERS 
 A Directors will promptly bring to the attention of the Chair of the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee or the Board of Directors any existing or potential violations of this Code. Reports of potential violations will be investigated by the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee or the Board, as applicable, or by persons designated by the Board, and appropriate action will be taken in the event of any violations. Waivers of this Code will be granted only under exceptional circumstances however, the Company may elect to waive certain provisions of this Code on a case-by-case basis. Waivers of this Code may be granted only by the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee or the Board of Directors and the Company will disclose any such waiver and the reasons therefor in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements. 
 
 Last Updated May 8, 2023 

STEVEN MADDEN, LTD. 
 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF DIRECTOR 
 As clearly stated in the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for the Board of Directors (the Code of Steven Madden, Ltd. (the Company ), adherence to the law and the highest ethical standards of integrity is the foundation of everything that the Company does. Meeting this standard and complying with all applicable laws and regulations requires a commitment from each Director. By my signature below I acknowledge the following 
 I have read and understand the provisions of the Code 
 to the best of my knowledge, I am in compliance with the Code 
 I understand that if I violate the Code, or if I fail to report a violation of the Code by any Director of the Company, I may be asked to resign or be removed from the Board 
 I understand that it is my obligation to implement the Code and to use my best efforts to ensure that other Directors of the Company comply with its provisions and 
 I will abide by the Code and the Company s policies. 

By _______________________________ 

Date ______________________________ 

4 

</EX-14.02>

<EX-21.01>
 12
 shoo-20231231xex2101.htm
 EX-21.01

Document 

Exhibit 21.01 
 SUBSIDIARIES NAME OF THE SUBSIDIARY 
 
 STATE OF INCORPORATION Adesso-Madden, Inc. 
 New York 
 The Asean Corporation Limited British Virgin Islands BA Brand Holdings LLC 
 New York 
 BA Brand Management LLC New York BAI Holding, LLC 
 New York 
 B.B. Dakota, Inc. 
 California 
 BJ Acquisition LLC 
 Delaware 
 Cejon Accessories Inc New York Comercial Diecesiette S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Daniel M. Friedman & Associates, Inc. 
 New York 
 Diva Acquisition Corp. 
 Delaware 
 Dolce Vita Footwear Inc Washington Dolce Vita Holdings, Inc. 
 Washington 
 DV Retail Inc New York GREATS Brand, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Importadora Steve Madden Mexico S de RL de CV Mexico Madden Asia Holding Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 Madden Europe Holdings B.V. Netherlands Madden International Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 Maddman Productions LLC 
 New York 
 Madlove LLC 
 New York 
 Maximus Designer Shoes 
 Mexico 
 Platinum Design Limited China Report Footwear Inc Washington Schwartz & Benjamin, Inc. 
 New York 
 SMI Holding I S.C.S. 
 Luxembourg 
 SMI Holding II S.C.S. 
 Luxembourg 
 SMI, LLC Delaware SML Canada Acquisition Corp. 
 Canada 
 SML Holdings S.a.r.l 
 Luxembourg 
 Steven Madden Europe B.V. Netherlands Steven Madden Holding LLC Delaware Steven Madden Retail, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 StevMad Fashion Portugal, Unipessoal Lda Portugal The Topline Corporation 
 Washington 
 Topline Footwear Limited Hong Kong Trendy Imports S de RL de CV Mexico 

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.01>
 13
 shoo-20231231xex2301.htm
 EX-23.01

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.01 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-231874) of Steven Madden, Ltd., 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-160520) of Steven Madden, Ltd., 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-138584) of Steven Madden, Ltd., and 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-184564) of Steven Madden, Ltd. 
 
 of our reports dated March 4, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Steven Madden, Ltd. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Steven Madden, Ltd. and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Steven Madden, Ltd. and subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 New York, New York 
 March 4, 2024 

</EX-23.01>

<EX-31.01>
 14
 shoo-20231231xex3101.htm
 EX-31.01

Document 

Exhibit 31.01 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Edward R. Rosenfeld, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Steven Madden, Ltd. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s EDWARD R. ROSENFELD Edward R. Rosenfeld Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 4, 2024 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 15
 shoo-20231231xex3102.htm
 EX-31.02

Document 

Exhibit 31.02 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Zine Mazouzi, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Steven Madden, Ltd. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s ZINE MAZOUZI Zine Mazouzi Chief Financial Officer March 4, 2024 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 16
 shoo-20231231xex3201.htm
 EX-32.01

Document 

Exhibit 32.01 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Steven Madden, Ltd. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Edward R. Rosenfeld, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s EDWARD R. ROSENFELD Edward R. Rosenfeld Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 4, 2024 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 17
 shoo-20231231xex3202.htm
 EX-32.02

Document 

Exhibit 32.02 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Steven Madden, Ltd. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Zine Mazouzi, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s ZINE MAZOUZI Zine Mazouzi Chief Financial Officer March 4, 2024 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-97>
 18
 shoo-20231231xex97.htm
 EX-97

Document 

Steven Madden, Ltd. Recovery Policy 
 1. Purpose . The purpose of this Recovery Policy (this Policy is to describe the circumstances under which Steven Madden, Ltd. (the Company is required to or shall have the right to recover certain compensation paid to certain employees. Any references in compensation plans, agreements, equity awards or other policies to the Company s recoupment , clawback or similarly-named policy shall be deemed to refer to this Policy with respect to Incentive-Based Compensation Received on or after the Effective Date. With respect to Incentive-Based Compensation Received prior to the Effective Date, such references to the Company s recoupment , clawback or similarly-named policy in compensation plans, agreements, equity awards or other policies shall be deemed to refer to the Company s recoupment, clawback or similarly-named policy, if any, in effect prior to the Effective Date. 
 
 2. Mandatory Recovery of Compensation . In the event that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, the Company shall recover reasonably promptly the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation. 
 
 3. Discretionary Recovery of Compensation . In the event that the Criminal Division of the United States Department of Justice (the DOJ determines that it is warranted to enter into criminal resolutions with the Company, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to recover the Recoupment Amount from a Culpable Individual. 
 
 4. Definitions . For purposes of this Policy, the following terms, when capitalized, shall have the meanings set forth below 
 
 (a) Accounting Restatement shall mean any accounting restatement required due to material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 
 
 (b) Covered Officer shall mean the Company s president principal financial officer principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the controller) any vice-president of the Company in charge of a principal business unit, division, or function (such as sales, administration, or finance) any other officer who performs a significant policy-making function or any other person who performs similar significant policy-making functions for the Company. 
 
 (c) Culpable Individual shall mean any employee of the Company or its subsidiaries who engaged in wrongdoing in connection with conduct under investigation by the DOJ or any other person who both (i) had supervisory authority over the employee(s) or business area engaged in the misconduct and (ii) knew of, or were willfully blind to, the misconduct. 
 
 (d) Effective Date shall mean October 2, 2023. 
 
 (e) Erroneously Awarded Compensation shall mean the excess of (i) the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation Received by a person (A) after beginning service as a Covered Officer, (B) who served as a Covered Officer at any time during the performance period for that Incentive-Based Compensation, (C) while the Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association and (D) during the Recovery Period over (ii) the Recalculated 

Compensation. For the avoidance of doubt, a person who served as a Covered Officer during the periods set forth in clauses (A) and (B) of the preceding sentence shall continue to be subject to this Policy even after such person s service as a Covered Officer has ended. 
 
 (f) Incentive-Based Compensation shall mean any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a financial reporting measure. A financial reporting measure is a measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measure that is derived wholly or in part from such measure, regardless of whether such measure is presented within the financial statements or included in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Each of the Company s stock price and total shareholder return is a financial reporting measure. For the avoidance of doubt, Incentive-Based Compensation subject to this Policy does not include stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units or similar equity-based awards for which the grant is not contingent upon achieving any financial reporting measure performance goal and vesting is contingent solely upon completion of a specified employment period and or attaining one or more non-financial reporting measures. 
 
 (g) Recalculated Compensation shall mean the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that otherwise would have been Received had it been determined based on the amounts restated in the Accounting Restatement, computed without regard to any taxes paid. For Incentive-Based Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of the Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in an Accounting Restatement, the amount of the Recalculated Compensation must be based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return, as the case may be, on the compensation Received. The Company must maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the national securities exchange or association on which its securities are listed. 
 
 (h) Incentive-Based Compensation is deemed Received in the Company s fiscal period during which the financial reporting measure specified in the award of such Incentive-Based Compensation is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 
 (i) Recoupment Amount shall mean the gross amount of Incentive-Based Compensation paid to a Culpable Individual during the period of misconduct that is the subject of investigation by the DOJ, as determined in the sole discretion of the Company s Board of Directors, or a committee thereof, taking into consideration such factors as the Board of Directors, or a committee thereof, determines are relevant, not to exceed the amount of the applicable fine imposed on the Company by the DOJ with respect to such misconduct. 
 
 (j) Recovery Period shall mean the three completed fiscal years of the Company immediately preceding the date the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement provided that the Recovery Period shall not begin before the Effective Date. For purposes of determining the Recovery Period, the Company is considered to be required to prepare an Accounting Restatement on the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Company s Board of Directors, a committee thereof, or the Company s authorized officers conclude, or reasonably should have concluded, that the 
 2 

Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, or (ii) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. If the Company changes its fiscal year, then the transition period within or immediately following such three completed fiscal years also shall be included in the Recovery Period, provided that if the transition period between the last day of the Company s prior fiscal year end and the first day of its new fiscal year comprises a period of nine to 12 months, then such transition period shall instead be deemed one of the three completed fiscal years and shall not extend the length of the Recovery Period. 
 
 5. Exceptions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation will not be required to the extent the Company s Compensation Committee (or a majority of the independent directors on the Company s Board of Directors in the absence of such a committee) has made a determination that such recovery would be impracticable and one of the following conditions have been satisfied 
 
 (a) The direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered provided that, before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation that was Incentive-Based Compensation based on the expense of enforcement, the Company must make a reasonable attempt to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s) to recover, and provide that documentation to the national securities exchange or association on which its securities are listed. 
 
 (b) Recovery would violate home country law where, with respect to Incentive-Based Compensation, that law was adopted prior to November 28, 2022 provided that, before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation that was Incentive-Based Compensation based on violation of home country law, the Company must obtain an opinion of home country counsel, acceptable to the national securities exchange or association on which its securities are listed, that recovery would result in such a violation, and must provide such opinion to the exchange or association. 
 
 (c) Recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 
 
 6. Manner of Recovery . In addition to any other actions permitted by law or contract, the Company may take any or all of the following actions to recover any Erroneously Awarded Compensation and any Recoupment Amount (a) require the Covered Officer or Culpable Individual to repay such amount (b) offset such amount from any other compensation owed by the Company or any of its affiliates to the Covered Officer or Culpable Individual, regardless of whether the contract or other documentation governing such other compensation specifically permits or specifically prohibits such offsets and (c) subject to Section 5(c), to the extent the Erroneously Awarded Compensation or the Recoupment Amount was deferred into a plan of deferred compensation, whether or not qualified, forfeit such amount (as well as the earnings on such amounts) from the Covered Officer s or Culpable Individual s balance in such plan, regardless of whether the plan specifically permits or specifically prohibits such forfeiture. If the Erroneously Awarded Compensation or Recoupment Amount consists of shares of the Company s common stock, and the Covered Officer or Culpable Individual still owns such shares, then the Company may 
 3 

satisfy its recovery obligations by requiring the Covered Officer or Culpable Individual to transfer such shares back to the Company. 
 
 7. Other . 
 
 (a) This Policy shall be administered and interpreted, and may be amended from time to time, by the Company s Board of Directors or any committee to which the Board of Directors may delegate its authority in its sole discretion in compliance with the applicable listing standards of the national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed, and the determinations of the Board of Directors or such committee shall be binding on all Covered Officers and Culpable Individuals. 
 
 (b) The Company shall not indemnify any Covered Officer or Culpable Individual against the loss of Erroneously Awarded Compensation or any Recoupment Amount, respectively. 
 
 (c) The Company shall file all disclosures with respect to this Policy in accordance with the requirements of the Federal securities laws, including disclosure required by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 (d) Any right to recovery under this Policy shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights of recovery that may be available to the Company. 
 4 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 shoo-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 20
 shoo-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 21
 shoo-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 22
 shoo-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 23
 shoo-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

