<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240315_10-K_edgar_data_1494891_0001213900-24-023093.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5005907</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>165698</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1203857</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1058930</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1191359</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1266115</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-023093.hdr.sgml : 20240315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240315164116
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-023093
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sensus Healthcare, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001494891
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				271647271
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37714
		FILM NUMBER:		24755471

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		851 BROKEN SOUND PARKWAY NW
		STREET 2:		SUITE 215
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-922-5808

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		851 BROKEN SOUND PARKWAY NW
		STREET 2:		SUITE 215
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sensus Healthcare, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100622

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-023093.txt : 20240315

10-K
 1
 ea0201582-10k_sensus.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECU RITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ____________ TO ____________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

., , , 
 (Address of principal executive office) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market, LLC (Nasdaq Capital Market) 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2023, the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second quarter, was , based on the closing price of 3.15 per share of common stock on the Nasdaq
Capital Market on that date. For this purpose, all outstanding shares of common stock have been considered held by non-affiliates, other
than the shares beneficially owned by directors and officers of the registrant. 

As
of March 7, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC. 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 
 
 Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 19 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 20 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 20 

PART II 
 
 21 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 21 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 25 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 26 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 26 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 26 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 
 26 

PART III 
 
 27 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 27 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 27 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 27 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 27 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 27 

PART IV 
 
 28 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 28 
 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 28 

Signatures 
 31 

i 

INTRODUCTORY NOTE 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This report includes statements that are, or may
be deemed, forward-looking statements. In some cases, these statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology
such as believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, plans, intends, 
 may, could, might, will, should, approximately, or
 potential, or negative or other variations of those terms or comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements
contain these words. 

Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties
because they relate to events, developments, and circumstances relating to Sensus Healthcare, Inc., our industry, and/or general economic
or other conditions that may or may not occur in the future or may occur on longer or shorter timelines or to a greater or lesser degree
than anticipated. In addition, even if future events, developments and circumstances are consistent with the forward-looking statements
contained in this report, they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. Although we believe that we have a
reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this report, forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future
performance, and our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we
operate, may differ materially from the forward looking statements contained in this report as a result of the following factors, among
others: the level and availability of government and/or third party payor reimbursement for clinical procedures using our products, and
the willingness of healthcare providers to purchase our products if the level of reimbursement declines; concentration of our customers
in the U.S. and China, including the concentration of sales to one particular customer in the U.S; the development by others of new products,
treatments, or technologies that render our technology partially or wholly obsolete; the regulatory requirements applicable to us and
our competitors; our ability to efficiently manage our manufacturing processes and costs; the risks arising from doing business in China
and other foreign countries; legislation, regulation, or other governmental action that affects our products, taxes, international trade
regulation, or other aspects of our business; the performance of the Company s information technology systems and its ability to
maintain data security; our ability to obtain and maintain the intellectual property needed to adequately protect our products, and our
ability to avoid infringing or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of third parties; and other risks described from time
to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

To date, the Russian invasion of Ukraine, conditions
in the Middle East, and other global geopolitical uncertainty have not had significant impacts on our business, but we continue to monitor
developments and will address them in future disclosures, if applicable. 

Any forward-looking statements that we make in
this report speak only as of the date of such statement, and we undertake no obligation to update such statements to reflect events or
circumstances after the date of this report, except as may be required by applicable law. 

ii 

PART I. 

Item 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Sensus Healthcare, Inc. (together, with its subsidiaries,
Sensus Medical Devices Ltd. and Sensus Healthcare Services, LLC, unless the context otherwise indicates, Sensus, we, 
 us, our, or the Company is a medical device company committed to providing highly effective,
non-invasive, and cost-effective treatments for both oncological and non-oncological skin conditions. The Company uses a proprietary low-energy
X-ray technology known as superficial radiation therapy SRT ), which is based on over a decade of dedicated research and
development, and has successfully incorporated SRT into a portfolio of treatment devices: the SRT-100 TM , SRT-100+ TM and
SRT-100 Vision TM . To date, SRT technology has been used to effectively and safely treat oncological and non-oncological skin
conditions in hundreds of thousands of patients around the world. 

Our business was organized in 2010 and the Company,
incorporated in Delaware, completed its initial public offering in 2016. The Company operates as one segment from its corporate headquarters
located in Boca Raton, Florida. In February 2024, the Company formed Sensus Healthcare Services, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary that
provides operational healthcare services to dermatology clinics. For further information see Note 1, Description of the Business ,
in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. 

Our Products and Services 

SRT is the Company s core technology. As
of December 31, 2023, the Company had installed 752 units in 21 countries, primarily in the United States. 

SRT-100 

The SRT-100 is a photon x-ray low energy SRT system
that provides patients an alternative to surgery for treating non-melanoma skin cancers, including basal cell and squamous cell skin cancers
and other skin conditions such as keloids. The SRT-100 is especially effective in treating primary lesions that would otherwise be difficult
to treat or require extensive surgery involving sensitive areas of the head and neck regions, such as the fold in the nose, eyelids, lips,
corner of the mouth, and the lining of the ear, that would otherwise lead to a less than desirable cosmetic outcome. SRT treatment procedures
do not require the use of anesthetics and eliminate the need for skin grafting. The Company believes that the SRT-100 provides healthcare
providers and patients with a safe, virtually painless, and substantially non-scarring treatment option for non-melanoma skin cancer and
other skin conditions, such as keloids. It allows dermatologists to retain non-melanoma skin cancer patients, rather than referring them
to specialists, while offering radiation oncologists an alternative to costly linear accelerator based treatments with a process
that is less invasive, more time-efficient, and improves practice economics. The SRT-100 provides the following clinical and functional
advantages: 

Easy touch automatic set-up procedure, including automatic x-ray tube warm-up procedures; 

Specially designed control console for medical physicists and service technicians, providing integrated safety and back-up timer controls, automatic system conditioning procedures, calibration, x-ray output verification and system parameters, including last treatment status information; 

Advanced patient record management with integrated enterprise workflow management; 

Compact mobile design with a small 30 x 30 footprint and unique scissor x-ray tube arm movements, providing a large range of motion for patient access and treatment; and 

High reliability and MTBF mean time between failures performance that provides availability for patients and practitioners and lowers the total cost of ownership. 

1 

SRT-100 Vision 

The SRT-100 Vision provides customers with additional
options compared to the SRT-100 base model. These additional options allow for dedicated treatment planning and full treatment progression
documentation in a patient s record. The SRT-100 Vision provides the user with a unique SRT-tailored treatment planning application
that integrates an embedded high frequency ultrasound imaging module, volumetric tumor analysis, beam margins planning, and comprehensive
dosimetry parameters. This allows the user to precisely and more accurately plan and prescribe the patient-specific treatment course to
maximize patient outcomes and workflow efficiency. The SRT-100 Vision also offers a comprehensive control console and workflow management
that provides full record and treatment tracing, operator-level access and functional control, audio-visual patient and treated lesion
monitoring, and advanced dosimetry setting and tracing. 

SRT-100+ 

The SRT-100+ offers all the same features as the
SRT-100, with the addition of: 

An expanded energy range for customized, more precise treatment 

Remote diagnostics, including operation tracking 

New X-ray tube with extended functionality and performance 

Advanced console and enhanced system mobility to optimize clinical practice 

Sentinel service program 

The Company offers the Sentinel service program,
which provides customers comprehensive protection for their systems. The Sentinel service program covers all parts and labor for the period
of the contract and one annual preventive maintenance session that includes cooling system maintenance, high-voltage loop maintenance,
filters and system cleaning, and system touch-ups, should these be required during the preventative maintenance session. 

Sensus also provides, through the program, turnkey
pre-and post-sale services that include the following: 

Providing a pre-install kit for the contractors to prepare the treatment room; 

Room retrofit and shielding; 

System shipping coordination and installation; 

System commissioning by a medical physicist (through a national physics network); 

System registration with the state and daily workflow documentation preparation; 

Clinical applications training with the customer s SRT staff; and 

Treating the first scheduled patients with our customers (onsite applications training). 

2 

Other products 

Transdermal Infusion (TDI) 

TransDermal Infusion is a biophysical alternative to infuse high weight
molecule modalities into the dermis for medical and aesthetic purposes without the use of needles. In 2022, the Company sourced the product
from a manufacturer in Italy. The Company started developing its own TDI system in 2023, which is pending approval from the FDA. The Company
is not currently offering TDI. 

Lasers 

Sensus also distributes laser
devices, for the aesthetic dermatology market, which includes applications for hair removal, vascular lesions, acne treatment, epidermal
pigment removal (including removal of spots, freckles, and tattoos), skin toning, and skin rejuvenation. 

Other services 

Sensus provides Operational Healthcare
Services in the form of Radiation Oncology and Physics oversight in addition Radiotherapy Technologist for dermatology clinics. 

Consumables 

The Company sells disposable lead shielding replacements,
disposable radiation safety items, such as aprons and eye shields, ultrasound probe film, and disposable applicator tips, which are used
to treat various sized lesions and different areas of the body. 

Competition 

The medical device industry
is highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change and is significantly affected by new product introductions
and market activities of other participants. Current marketed products, and any future products that the Company commercializes, will
compete against healthcare providers who use other methods of treatment for the same disease or condition. 

In order to grow its business, Sensus must be
able to compete effectively for market acceptance of its products. Key competitive factors include improved outcomes for medical conditions,
acceptance by doctors treating non-melanoma skin cancer and keloids, acceptance by the patient community, ease of use and reliability,
product price and qualification for reimbursement, technical leadership and superiority, effective marketing and distribution, speed to
market, and quality of client service. 

Sales and Marketing 

The Company s focus is mainly on two primary
markets, private dermatology practices and radiation oncologists in both private and hospital settings. The Company currently employs
a multi-tier sales strategy to optimize geographic coverage and focus on its key markets. This multi-tier sales model uses a direct sales
force in the U.S., as well as international dealers and distributors. Sensus plans to continue selling and marketing the Company s
products to both the dermatology and radiation oncology markets concurrently. 

Dermatology Market 

Private dermatology practices in the U.S. represent
the point of entry for most non-melanoma skin cancer patients. The Company believes its SRT products offer dermatologists a competitive
advantage by allowing them to retain patients for the treatment of non-melanoma skin cancer, rather than having to refer them to other
professionals. In addition to non-melanoma skin cancers, the Company has had an FDA clearance to treat keloid scars since 2014. The Company s
SRT has been used by over 100 U.S. dermatology practices in the treatment of keloids. It has also been used to treat keloids in China
since 2017. 

3 

Radiation Oncology Market 

For licensed radiation oncologists in the U.S.,
the Company believes its SRT products offer a simpler, faster method of treatment with a better overall patient experience. SRT offers
oncologists the ability to free up more expensive radiation equipment, such as linear accelerators, for more complex procedures while
providing patients with effective, non-invasive treatment options for non-melanoma skin cancer. 

Other Markets 

Sensus believes that the plastic surgery and
laser aesthetic markets present growth opportunities. With FDA clearance to treat keloids through SRT, plastic surgeons are recognizing
the opportunity to be able to provide an effective treatment solution for this benign tumor. Additionally, the Company believes that
plastic surgeons view the non-melanoma skin cancer market as a growth opportunity that can supplement their existing services. 

Manufacturing and Supply 

The Company currently uses third parties located
in the U.S. to manufacture products. In 2010, the Company entered into a manufacturing agreement with RbM Services, LLC RbM pursuant to which RbM agreed to manufacture SRT-100 products. Under this agreement, the Company pays a fixed price per unit, subject to
annual adjustments due to changes in the cost of materials. The agreement renews for successive one-year periods unless either party notifies
the other party in writing, at least 60 days prior to the anniversary date of the agreement, that it will not renew the agreement. The
Company or manufacturer may terminate the agreement upon 90 days prior written notice. 

The Company maintains internal policies, procedures,
and supplier management processes designed to ensure that RbM meets applicable quality standards, including FDA and International Organization
for Standardization, or ISO, requirements. To date, Sensus has not experienced any difficulty in locating and obtaining the materials
necessary to meet the demand for our products, and believes manufacturing capacity is sufficient to meet global market demand for our
products for the foreseeable future. 

The Company believes this third-party manufacturing
relationship allows us to work with a supplier that has well-developed specific competencies while minimizing our capital investment,
controlling costs, and shortening cycle times, all of which has allowed us to compete effectively with our competitors. Sensus also works
with other third parties that it believes could be relied upon if we needed to change suppliers. 

The Company has a single preferred supplier for
the x-ray tubes and other major components used in its products. The Company believes this supplier has superior products; however, products
of alternate suppliers would be adequate for Sensus s products and therefore the Company does not anticipate any material disruptions
to the supply of major components if there were a change in suppliers. 

Intellectual Property 

The Company actively seeks to protect the intellectual
property that is important to our business, including seeking and maintaining patents that cover Sensus s products. The Company
also relies on trademarks to enhance, build, and maintain the integrity of the Sensus brand. 

The Company possesses eight issued U.S. and Global
patents. The patents relate to technology that is pertinent to the Company. 

The following patents were issued between August
2007 and September 2008: 

U.S. Patent No. 7,372,940: Radiation therapy system featuring rotatable filter assembly (expires September 30, 2025) 

U.S. Patent No. 7,263,170: Radiation therapy system featuring rotatable filter assembly (expires September 30, 2025) 

The following patents were issued to us in 2017: 

Russia Patent No. 26333322: Hybrid Ultrasound-Guided Superficial Radiotherapy System and Method 

China Patent No. ZL201380013491.7: Hybrid Ultrasound-Guided Superficial Radiotherapy System and Method 

4 

The following patents were issued to Sensus in
2020: 

U.S. Patent No. 10,596,392: Dermatology Radiotherapy System with hybrid Imager (expires July 28, 2038) 

China Patent No. ZL201710929838.2
 Hybrid Ultrasound-Guided Superficial Radiotherapy System and Method (expires August 14, 2038) 

The following
patent was issued to Sensus in 2021: 

U.S.
 Patent No. 11,027,149: Hybrid Ultrasound-Guided Superficial Radiotherapy System and Method
 (expires July 7, 2034) 

The
following patent was issued to Sensus in 2024: 

U.S.
 Patent No. 11,894,123: Radiotherapy Mobile and Wireless Device Workflow Management System
 (expires June 20, 2039) 

The
Company also owns eight U.S. trademark registrations (expiring from 2025 through 2031). 

The Company also relies on trade secrets and other
unpatented proprietary rights to develop and maintain a competitive position. The Company seeks to protect unpatented proprietary rights
through a variety of methods, including confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants and others who may have access to this
proprietary information. The Company requires all employees to execute invention assignment agreements with respect to inventions arising
from their employment. 

The Company can provide no assurance that any
patents or trademarks will be issued or registered as a result of our pending or future applications for such intellectual property. Even
if any such patents or trademarks are ultimately issued or registered, they, or any of the Company s other intellectual property,
may not provide any meaningful protection or competitive advantage. Intellectual property could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented,
infringed upon, or misappropriated. In addition, third parties have claimed, and in the future may claim, that the Company or customers,
licensees, or other parties indemnified by the Company are infringing upon their intellectual property rights. 

Government Regulation 

Sensus s business is subject to extensive
federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to the protection of the environment, health, and safety.
Some of the pertinent laws and regulations have not been definitively interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their
provisions are open to a variety of subjective interpretations. In addition, these laws and regulations and their interpretations are
subject to change, and new laws may be enacted. Both federal and state governmental agencies continue to subject the healthcare industry
to intense regulatory scrutiny, including heightened civil and criminal enforcement efforts. The Company believes that its business operations
and relationships with customers and suppliers are structured to comply with all applicable legal requirements. However, it is possible
that governmental entities or other third parties could interpret these laws and regulations differently and assert otherwise. Discussed
below are statutes and regulations that are most relevant to the Company s business. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we incurred
approximately 1.4 million in expenses related to regulatory compliance and quality standards. 

FDA Regulation of Medical Devices 

The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA and FDA regulations establish a comprehensive system for the regulation of medical devices intended for human use. Sensus s medical
device products are subject to these regulations, as well as other federal, state, and local laws and regulations. The FDA is also responsible
for the overall enforcement of quality, regulatory, and statutory requirements governing medical devices. 

5 

FDA classifies medical devices into one of three
classes Class I, Class II, or Class III depending on their level of risk and the types of controls that are necessary
to assure device safety and effectiveness. The class assignment determines the type of premarketing submission or application, if any,
that will be required before marketing in the U.S. The Company s medical devices are Class II devices under the FDA s classification
system. Class II devices are deemed to present a moderate risk and are devices for which general controls alone are not sufficient
to provide a reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness. Medical devices in Class II are subject to both general controls and special
controls e.g., special labeling, compliance with industry standards, and post market surveillance. Unless exempted, Class
II devices typically require FDA clearance before marketing, through the premarket notification 510(k) process, in accordance
with 21 CFR, Part 807 requirements. 

Unless it is exempt from premarket review requirements,
a medical device must receive marketing authorization from the FDA prior to being commercially distributed in the U.S. For Class II devices,
510(k) is the most common pathway to obtain market authorization in the US. 

510(k) pathway 

We have previously received FDA 510(k) clearances
for our SRT-100, SRT-100 Vision, and SRT-100+ (Class II) products through the 510(k) pathway due to the requirement for special controls.
To date, other available US regulatory pathways (i.e., Self-certification (Class I), Pre-market Authorization Class III, or de novo have not been appropriate for our developed products and may involve extended review periods. 

Ongoing FDA regulation 

After a device is entered into commerce in the
U.S., regardless of its classification or premarket pathway, numerous additional FDA requirements generally apply. These include: 

Establishment registration and device listing requirements, in accordance with 21 CFR, Part 807; 

Quality System Regulation requirements, which govern the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the design, manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage, installation, and servicing of finished devices, in accordance with 21 CFR, Part 820; 

Labeling requirements, which mandate the inclusion of certain content in device labels and labeling, and which also prohibit the promotion of products for uncleared or unapproved (i.e., off-label uses; 

Medical Device Reporting regulation, which requires that manufacturers and importers report to the FDA if their device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur, in accordance with 21 CFR, Part 803; and 

Reports of Corrections and Removals regulation, which requires that manufacturers and importers (a) report to the FDA recalls (i.e., corrections or removals) if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that may present a risk to health, and (b) keep records of recalls that they determine to be not reportable, all in accordance with 21 CFR, Part 806. 

The FDA enforces these requirements by inspection
and market surveillance. Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in enforcement action by the FDA, which
may include, but is not limited to, the following sanctions: 

Issuance of Form 483 observations (also known as minor non-conformances during a facilities inspection; 

Untitled letters or warning letters; 

6 

Fines, injunctions, and civil penalties; 

Consent Decrees, which forces improvements in the quality management system through the use of the federal courts; 

Recall or seizure of products; 

Operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

Refusing 510(k) clearance or premarket approval of new products; 

Withdrawing 510(k) clearance or premarket approvals that are already granted; and 

Criminal prosecution. 

The Company is subject to unannounced establishment
inspections by the FDA, as well as other regulatory agencies overseeing the implementation of and compliance with applicable state public
health regulations. These inspections may include our suppliers facilities. 

International Regulations 

International sales of medical devices are subject
to foreign government regulations, which vary substantially from country to country. In order to market our products in other countries,
the Company must obtain regulatory approvals and comply with safety and quality regulations. The time required to obtain approval by a
foreign country may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA clearance or approval, and the requirements may differ. The European
Union/European Economic Area, or EU/EEA, requires a CE conformity mark in order to market medical devices. The UK, due to Brexit, also
requires a separate clearance. Many other countries, such as Australia, India, New Zealand, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka, accept CE or FDA
clearance or approval, although others, such as China, Brazil, Canada and Japan, require separate regulatory filings. 

In the EU/EEA, existing Sensus devices are required
to comply with the essential requirements of the EU Medical Devices Directive (93/42/EEC), while any new products placed in the EU/EEA
must comply with the EU Medical Device Regulation (2017/745). Compliance with these requirements entitles the Company to affix the CE
marking of conformity to our medical devices, without which they cannot be commercialized in the EU/EEA. To demonstrate compliance with
the essential requirements and obtain the right to affix the CE marking of conformity, the Company must undergo a conformity assessment
procedure, which varies according to the type of medical device and its classification. Except for low-risk medical devices (Class I),
where the manufacturer can issue an EC Declaration of Conformity based on a self-assessment of the conformity of its products with the
essential requirements of the Medical Devices Directive (existing products) or Medical Device Regulation (new products), a conformity
assessment procedure requires the intervention of a Notified Body, which is an organization accredited by a Member State of the EU/EEA
to conduct conformity assessments. The Notified Body typically audits and examines the quality system for the manufacture, design, and
final inspection of devices before issuing a certification demonstrating compliance with the essential requirements. Based on this certification,
we can draw up an EU Declaration of Conformity which allows us to affix the CE mark to our products. 

Further, the advertising and promotion of Sensus s
products in the EU/EEA is subject to the laws of individual EEA Member States implementing the EU Medical Devices Directive, Directive
2006/114/EC concerning misleading and comparative advertising, and Directive 2005/29/EC on unfair commercial practices, as well as other
EU/EEA Member State laws governing the advertising and promotion of medical devices. These laws may limit or restrict the advertising
and promotion of our products to the general public and may impose limitations on our promotional activities with healthcare professionals. 

7 

The Company has obtained approval to sell our
products in Australia, Canada, China, Hong Kong, European Union, United Kingdom, Israel, Mexico, Russia, South Africa, South Korea, Vietnam,
Taiwan, and Guatemala, and is currently seeking approval in several other countries. 

Sales and Marketing Commercial Compliance 

Federal anti-kickback laws and regulations prohibit,
among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering, or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly,
in exchange for, or to induce either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, order, or recommendation of, any good or service
paid for under federal healthcare programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Possible sanctions for violation of these anti-kickback
laws include monetary fines, civil and criminal penalties, exclusion from Medicare and Medicaid programs, and forfeiture of amounts collected
in violation of such prohibitions. 

In addition, federal false claims laws prohibit
any person from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making,
or causing to be made, a false statement to get a false claim paid. Off-label promotion has been pursued as a violation of the federal
false claims laws. Pursuant to FDA regulations, we can only market our products for cleared or approved uses. Although surgeons are permitted
to use medical devices for indications other than those cleared or approved by the FDA based on their medical judgment, we are prohibited
from promoting products for such off-label uses. Additionally, the majority of states in which we market our products have similar anti-kickback,
false claims, anti-fee splitting, and self-referral laws, which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including
commercial insurers. Violations of these laws may result in substantial civil and criminal penalties. 

To enforce compliance with the federal laws, the
U.S. Department of Justice, or DOJ, has increased its scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers,
which has led to an unprecedented level of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Dealing
with investigations can be time- and resource-consuming. Additionally, if a healthcare company settles an investigation with the DOJ or
other law enforcement agencies, the company may be required to agree to additional compliance and reporting requirements as part of a
consent decree or corporate integrity agreement. 

U.S. and foreign government regulators have increased
regulation, enforcement, inspections, and governmental investigations of the medical device industry, including increased U.S. government
oversight and enforcement of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Whenever a governmental authority concludes that a company is not in compliance
with applicable laws or regulations, that authority can impose fines, delay or suspend regulatory clearances, institute proceedings to
detain or seize the company s products, issue a recall, impose operating restrictions, enjoin future violations, assess civil penalties
against the company, or its officers or employees, and recommend criminal prosecution. Moreover, governmental authorities can ban or request
the recall, repair, replacement, or refund of the cost of devices the company distributes. 

Additionally, the commercial compliance environment
is continually evolving in the healthcare industry as some states, including California, Massachusetts and Vermont, mandate implementation
of corporate compliance programs, along with the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation, and other remuneration to physicians.
The Affordable Care Act also imposes reporting and disclosure requirements on device manufacturers for any transfer of value 
made or distributed to prescribers and other healthcare providers. Device manufacturers are also required to report and disclose any investment
interests held by physicians and their family members during the preceding calendar year. Failure to submit required information may result
in civil monetary penalties of up to an aggregate of 150,000 per year (and up to an aggregate of 1 million per year for knowing
failures ), for all payments, transfers of value or ownership or investment interests not reported in an annual submission. The
shifting compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply in multiple jurisdictions with
different compliance or reporting requirements increases the possibility that a healthcare company may run afoul of one or more of the
requirements. The Company has implemented policies and procedures related to commercial compliance including with respect to compliance
in connection with sales and marketing. 

Healthcare Fraud and Abuse 

Healthcare fraud and abuse laws apply to Sensus s
business when a customer submits a claim for an item or service that is reimbursed under Medicare, Medicaid, or most other federally funded
healthcare programs. The federal anti-kickback statute (the Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits unlawful inducements for the
referral of business reimbursable under federally funded healthcare programs, such as remuneration provided to physicians to induce them
to use certain tissue products or medical devices reimbursable by Medicare or Medicaid. The Anti-Kickback Statute is subject to evolving
interpretations. For example, the government has enforced the Anti-Kickback Statute to reach large settlements with healthcare companies
based on sham consultant arrangements with physicians. The majority of states also have anti-kickback laws which establish similar prohibitions
that may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers. Further, recently enacted amendments
to the Affordable Care Act, among other things, amend the intent requirement of the Anti-Kickback Statute and criminal healthcare fraud
statute. A person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the
Affordable Care Act provides that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the
Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of false claims statutes. If a governmental authority were
to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we and our officers and employees could be subject to
severe criminal and civil penalties including, for example, exclusion from participation as a supplier of product to beneficiaries covered
by Medicare or Medicaid. In addition to the Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal physician self-referral statute, commonly known as the
Stark Law, prohibits physicians who have a financial relationship with an entity, including an investment, ownership, or compensation
relationship, from referring Medicare patients for designated health services, which include clinical pathology services, unless an exception
applies. Similarly, entities may not bill Medicare or any other party for services furnished pursuant to a prohibited referral. Many states
have their own self-referral laws as well, which in some cases apply to all third-party payors, not just Medicare and Medicaid. If a governmental
authority were to conclude that we are not in compliance with the Stark Law or state self-referral laws and regulations, our business
could be subject to severe financial consequences, including the obligation to refund amounts billed to third-party payors in violation
of such laws, civil penalties, and potentially exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs like Medicare and Medicaid.
The Stark Law often is enforced through lawsuits brought under the Federal False Claims Act, violations of which trigger significant monetary
penalties and treble damages. 

8 

Additionally, the civil False Claims Act prohibits
knowingly presenting or causing the presentation of a false, fictitious, or fraudulent claim for payment to the U.S. government. Actions
under the False Claims Act may be brought by the Attorney General or as a qui tam action by a private individual in the name of the government.
Violations of the False Claims Act can result in very significant monetary penalties and treble damages. The federal government is using
the False Claims Act, and the accompanying threat of significant liability, in its investigations of healthcare providers and suppliers
throughout the country for a wide variety of Medicare billing practices, obtaining multi-million and multi-billion dollar settlements
in addition to individual criminal convictions. Given the significant size of actual and potential settlements, it is expected that the
government will continue to devote substantial resources to investigating healthcare providers and suppliers compliance
with the healthcare reimbursement rules and fraud and abuse laws. The Company has implemented policies and procedures related to compliance
with applicable regulations design to prevent healthcare fraud and abuse. 

Health Information Privacy 

The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996, or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and their
respective implementing regulations, impose requirements on certain covered healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses,
known as covered entities, as well as their business associates that perform services for them that involve individually identifiable
health information. The HIPAA privacy and security regulations, including the expanded requirements under HITECH, establish comprehensive
federal standards with respect to the use and disclosure of protected health information by covered entities and their business associates,
in addition to setting standards to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of protected health information. 

The Company has implemented policies and procedures
related to compliance with the HIPAA privacy and security regulations, as required by law. The privacy and security regulations establish
a floor and do not supersede state laws that are more stringent. Therefore, we are required to comply with both federal
privacy and security regulations and varying state privacy and security laws. In addition, for healthcare data transfers from other countries
relating to citizens of those countries, the Company must comply with the laws of those other countries. The federal privacy regulations
restrict the ability to use or disclose patient identifiable laboratory data, without patient authorization, for purposes other than payment,
treatment, or healthcare operations (as defined by HIPAA), except for disclosures for various public policy purposes and other permitted
purposes outlined in the privacy regulations. HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, provides for significant fines and other penalties for wrongful
use or disclosure of protected health information in violation of the privacy and security regulations, including potential civil and
criminal fines and penalties. If the Company does not comply with existing or new laws and regulations related to protecting the privacy
and security of health information, it could be subject to monetary fines, civil penalties, or criminal sanctions. In addition, other
federal and state laws that protect the privacy and security of patient information may be subject to enforcement and interpretations
by various governmental authorities and courts resulting in complex compliance issues. The Company could incur damages under state laws
pursuant to an action brought by a private party for the wrongful use or disclosure of confidential health information or other private
personal information. If the Company were to experience a breach of protected health information, it could be subject to significant adverse
publicity in addition to possible enforcement sanctions and civil damages lawsuits. Finally, the Company may be required to incur additional
costs related to ongoing HIPAA compliance as may be necessary to address evolving interpretations and enforcement of HIPAA and other health
information privacy and security laws, the enactment of new laws or regulations, emerging cybersecurity threats, and other factors. 

9 

Research and Development 

Research and development costs related to development
and quality and regulatory costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company incurred research
and development expenses of approximately 3.7 million and 3.5 million, respectively. The Company expects research and development expenses
in 2024 to be generally consistent with 2023. 

Employees and Human Capital 

At December 31, 2023, the Company had 35 employees.
None of the Company s employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 

The Company believes that its success depends
on the ability to attract, develop, and retain key personnel. It also believes that the skills, experience, and industry knowledge of
its key employees significantly benefits its operations and performance. The Company believes that it offers competitive compensation
and other means of attracting and retaining key personnel. 

Employee levels are managed to align with the
pace of business and management believes it has sufficient human capital to operate its business successfully. 

Available Information 

Sensus files annual, quarterly, and current reports,
proxy statements, and all amendments to these reports and other information with the SEC. Sensus makes available free-of-charge, on or
through its website at http://www.sensushealthcare.com, Sensus s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current
Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and all amendments to those filings, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically
filed with or furnished to the SEC . The information on Sensus s website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Reports, proxy statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including Sensus s
filings, are also available to the public from the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 

An investment in Sensus s common stock contains
a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the following risks and uncertainties before making an investment decision
with respect to our common stock. Our business, including our operating results and financial conditions, could be harmed if any of these
risks, as well as other risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, were to materialize. The trading price of
Sensus s common stock could decline due to the occurrence of any of these risks. In assessing these risks, investors should also
refer to the other information included in our filings with the SEC, including our financial statements and the related notes. 

Risks Related to our Business 

If third-party payors do not provide coverage
and adequate reimbursement for the use of our products, it is unlikely that our products will be widely used, and our revenue will be
negatively impacted. 

In the U.S., the commercial success of Sensus s
existing products and any future products will depend, in part, on the extent to which governmental payors at the federal and state levels,
including Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers, and other third-party payors provide coverage for and establish adequate reimbursement
levels for procedures using these products. Neither hospitals nor physicians are likely to use Sensus s products if they do not
receive adequate reimbursement payments for the procedures using these products. 

Some private payors in the U.S. may base their
reimbursement policies on the coverage decisions determined by the Center for Medicare Medical Services, or CMS, which administers
the Medicare program and works in partnership with state governments to administer the Medicaid program. Others may adopt different coverage
or reimbursement policies for procedures performed using Sensus s products, while some governmental programs, such as Medicaid,
have reimbursement policies that vary from state to state, some of which may not pay an amount that supports the selling price of Sensus s
products, if at all. A Medicare national or local coverage decision denying coverage for any of the procedures performed using the Company s
products could result in private and other third-party payors also denying coverage. Medicare (Part B) and a number of private insurers
in the U.S. currently cover and pay for both non-melanoma skin cancer and keloid treatments using the SRT-100. A withdrawal, or even contemplation
of a withdrawal, by CMS, Medicaid or private payors of reimbursements, or any other unfavorable coverage or reimbursement decisions by
government programs or private payors, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s revenues and business. 

10 

Reimbursement systems in international markets
vary significantly by country and by region within some countries, and reimbursement approvals must be obtained on a country-by-country
basis. In many international markets, a product must be approved for reimbursement before it can be cleared for sale in that country.
Further, many international markets have government-managed healthcare systems that control reimbursement for new devices and procedures.
In most markets there are private insurance systems as well as government-managed systems. Sensus s products may not be considered
cost-effective by international third-party payors or governments managing healthcare systems. Furthermore, reimbursement may not be available
or, if available, third-party payors reimbursement policies may adversely affect the Company s ability to sell products profitably.
If sufficient coverage and reimbursement are not available for Sensus s products, in either the U.S. or internationally, the demand
for these products and, consequently, the Company s revenues and business, will be adversely affected. 

Substantially all of the Company s
revenue is generated from the sale of the SRT-100 and related products, and any decline in the sales of these products will negatively
impact the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The Company is focused heavily on the development
and commercialization of a limited number of products for the treatment of non-melanoma skin cancer and other skin conditions with SRT.
From the Company s inception in 2010 through December 31, 2023, revenue has primarily been derived from sales of the SRT-100 product
line and related services and ancillary products. Although the Company has introduced new products, the Company expects most of revenue
in the near to medium term to be derived from or related to sales of the SRT-100 product line. Because of this, any decline in the sales
of these products will negatively impact the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The Company s technology could be
superseded by new products, treatments, or technologies that gain wider acceptance among doctors and patients, which could adversely affect
the Company. 

The medical device industry is highly competitive
and subject to rapid technological change, and is significantly affected by the introduction of new products and treatment options. The
Company s products, some of which use technologies that have been available for many years, compete for market acceptance against
those of healthcare providers who use other methods of treatment for similar diseases and conditions. If new products, treatments, and/or
technologies were developed that gain wide acceptance among doctors and patients, including products or treatments developed by our significant
customers, it could take market share away from the Company, which could adversely affect the Company s ability to maintain or increase
revenue and/or render the Company s products obsolete. 

The Company s customers, including
one U.S. customer accounting for a significant portion of our sales, are concentrated in the U.S., and economic difficulties or changes
in the purchasing policies or patterns of the Company s customers in the U.S. could have a significant impact on our business and
operating results. 

Most of the Company s sales have been made
to customers located in the U.S. (91 and 94 in the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively). Additionally, a single customer
in the U.S. accounted for approximately 61 and 73 of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022, respectively.
Because of these concentrations, revenue could fluctuate significantly due to changes in economic conditions, competitive products (including
any developed by our significant customers), or the loss of, reduction of business with, or less favorable terms with, our significant
customer or other U.S. customers. A reduction or delay in orders for the Company s products for these or other reasons could materially
harm business and results of operations. 

The Company has a single preferred supplier
for the x-ray tubes and other major components used in the Company s products and the loss of this preferred supplier could adversely
affect the Company. 

The Company has a single preferred supplier for
the x-ray tubes and other major components used in the Company s products. Although other suppliers exist in the market, the Company
believes that our preferred supplier s products are of a superior quality. The loss of the preferred supplier, or its inability
to supply the Company with an adequate supply of these components, could hinder the Company s ability to effectively produce the
Company s products to meet existing demand levels, especially if the Company were unable to timely procure them from other suppliers
in the market, which could adversely affect the Company s ability to commercialize products and to maintain or increase revenues. 

11 

The Company s operations may be impaired
if our information technology systems fail to perform adequately or are the subject of a data breach or cyberattack. 

The Company s information technology systems
are critically important to operating business efficiently. The Company relies on information technology systems to manage business data,
communications, employee information, and other business processes. The Company outsources certain business process functions to third-party
providers and similarly relies on these third parties to maintain and store confidential information on their systems. The failure of
these information technology systems to perform as the Company anticipates could disrupt business and could result in transaction errors,
processing inefficiencies, and the loss of sales and customers, causing business and results of operations to suffer. 

The Company has experienced, and expects to continue
to experience, cyber security threats and incidents, none of which has been material to the Company to date. Although the Company protects
our information technology systems, the Company has experienced varying degrees of cyber-incidents in the normal conduct of business,
including viruses, worms, phishing, and other malicious activities. Although there have been no serious consequences to date, such breaches
could result in unauthorized access to information, including customer, supplier, employee, or other company confidential data. The Company
carries insurance against these risks, performs penetration tests from time to time, and designs business processes to attempt to mitigate
the risk of such breaches. However, the Company s efforts to mitigate these risks may be unsuccessful, and security breaches may
occur. Moreover, the development and maintenance of these measures requires continuous monitoring as technologies change and efforts to
overcome security measures evolve. However, a successful breach or attack could have a material negative impact on operations and subject
the Company to consequences such as direct costs associated with incident response. 

Sensus may be required to obtain additional
funds in the future, and these funds may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. 

Sensus s operations have consumed substantial
amounts of cash since its inception. Sensus may need to seek additional capital, as our existing financial resources including our revolving
line of credit (which restricts the ability to incur certain indebtedness or permit certain encumbrances on assets without the prior written
consent of the lender), may not allow us to conduct all of the activities that would be beneficial for future growth. If Sensus is unable
to raise funds on favorable terms, or at all, it may not be able to support commercialization efforts, increase research and development
activities, compete effectively, or meet debt and other contractual obligations, and the growth of our business may be negatively impacted. 

The Company s cash requirements in the future
may be significantly different from current estimates and depend on many factors, including: 

the results of commercialization efforts for products; 

the need for additional capital to fund development programs; 

the costs involved in obtaining and enforcing patents or any litigation by third parties regarding intellectual property; 

the establishment of high-volume manufacturing and increased sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities; and 

success in entering into collaborative relationships with other parties. 

12 

To the extent that Sensus raises additional capital
through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interests of the existing stockholders will be diluted. Moreover,
the terms of newly issued securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect common stockholders rights.
Debt financing, if available, may involve covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions such as incurring additional
debt, making capital expenditures, or declaring distributions or dividends. If Sensus raises additional funds through collaboration and
licensing arrangements with third parties, the Company may have to relinquish valuable rights to technologies or products or to grant
licenses on terms that are not favorable. Any of these events could adversely affect Sensus s ability to declare dividends on its
common stock and to achieve future product development and commercialization goals and could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

Consolidation in the healthcare industry
could adversely affect the Company s future revenues and operating income. 

The medical technology industry has experienced
a significant amount of consolidation, resulting in companies with greater market presence. Health care systems and other health care
companies are also consolidating, resulting in greater purchasing power for the combined companies. The disruption in the healthcare industry
caused by consolidation may lead to further competition among medical device suppliers to provide goods and services, which could adversely
affect the Company s future revenues and operating income. 

Pandemics, natural disasters, global climate
change, acts of terrorism and global conflicts may have a negative impact on our business and operations. 

Pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), natural
disasters, global climate change, acts of terrorism, global conflicts or other similar events have in the past, and may in the future
have, a negative impact on our business and operations. These events impact us negatively to the extent that they result in disruptions
in the global and national economies and certain industries and geographies in which we operate. In addition, these or similar events
may impact economic growth negatively, which could have an adverse effect on our business and operations and may have other adverse effects
on us in ways that we are unable to predict. 

Risks Related to our Regulatory Environment 

Sensus is subject to various federal, state,
and foreign healthcare laws and regulations, and a finding of failure to comply with these laws and regulations could have a material
adverse effect on its business. 

Sensus s operations are, and will continue
to be, directly and indirectly affected by various federal, state, and foreign healthcare laws, including, but not limited to, those described
below. 

The Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits any person or entity from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, in return for or to induce the referring, ordering, leasing, purchasing, or arranging for or recommending the referring, ordering, purchasing, or leasing of any good, facility, item, or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under federal healthcare programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 

The Federal Sunshine law, which requires us to track and report annually to CMS information related to certain payments and other transfers of value provided to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists, and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals and to report annually to CMS ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. We are also subject to similar foreign sunshine laws or codes of conduct, which vary country by country. 

Federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, which prohibit, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim to, or the knowing use of false records or statements to obtain payment from, or approval by, the federal government. Suits filed under the False Claims Act, known as qui tam actions, can be brought by any individual on behalf of the government and such individuals, commonly known as whistleblowers, may share in any amounts paid by the entity to the government in fines or settlement. When an entity is determined to have violated the False Claims Act, it may be required to pay up to three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus civil penalties for each separate false claim. Many of the physicians that use our products will file for reimbursement from governmental programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. As a result, we may be subject to the False Claims Act if we knowingly cause the filing of false claims. 

13 

HIPAA, which, among other things, created federal criminal laws that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme or artifice to defraud any healthcare benefit program and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statements in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. 

Additionally, HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, and
applicable implementing regulations, impose certain requirements relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable
health information without appropriate authorization on entities subject to the law, such as health plans, clearinghouses, and healthcare
providers and their business associates. Internationally, substantially every jurisdiction in which we operate has established its own
data security and privacy legal framework with which we must comply, including the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC and national implementation
of the Directive in the member states of the European Union. 

Many states have also adopted laws similar to
each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may be broader in scope and apply to items or services
reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, as well as laws that restrict our marketing activities with healthcare
professionals and entities, and require the Company to track and report payments and other transfers of value, including consulting fees,
provided to healthcare professionals and entities. Some states mandate implementation of compliance programs to ensure compliance with
these laws. Additionally, certain states require a certificate of need prior to the installation of a radiation device, such as the SRT-100.
The Company is also subject to foreign fraud and abuse laws, which vary by country. 

If the Company s operations are found to
be in violation of any of the laws or regulations described above or any other governmental laws or regulations that apply now or in the
future, it may be subject to penalties, including administrative, civil, and criminal penalties; damages; fines; disgorgement; individual
imprisonment; contractual damages; reputational harm; exclusion from governmental healthcare programs; and the curtailment or restructuring
of its operations. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect the Company s ability to operate its business and financial results. 

Sensus is required to comply with medical
device reporting requirements and must report certain malfunctions, deaths, and serious injuries associated with its products, which can
result in voluntary corrective actions or agency enforcement actions. 

Under the FDA s medical device reporting
regulations (21 CFR 803), medical device manufacturers are required to submit information to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration when
they receive a report or become aware that a device has or may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or has or may have
a malfunction that would likely cause or contribute to death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur. All manufacturers placing
medical devices on the market in the European Economic Area are legally bound to report any serious or potentially serious incidents involving
devices they produce or sell (MEDDEV 2.12-1) to the competent authority in whose jurisdiction the incident occurred through the European
Vigilance process. 

If an event subject to medical device reporting
requirements occurs, Sensus will need to comply with the reporting requirements, which would adversely affect its reputation and subject
Sensus to actions by regulatory authorities, such as ordering recalls, imposing fines, or seizing the affected products. Furthermore,
any corrective action, whether voluntary or involuntary, will require the dedication of time and capital and will distract management
from business operations. Any of the foregoing would negatively impact Sensus s reputation, business, and financial results. 

Healthcare policy changes may have a material
adverse effect on Sensus s business. 

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act,
as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, included, among other things, comparative effectiveness research, an independent
payment advisory board, payment system reforms (including shared savings pilots), and other provisions, one or more of which may significantly
affect the payment for, and the availability of, healthcare services and may result in fundamental changes to federal healthcare reimbursement
programs, any of which may materially affect numerous aspects of our business. 

14 

Other healthcare reform measures may result in
more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the reimbursement received for procedures utilizing our products.
In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the law discussed above was enacted that may adversely affect
Sensus s revenues. Changes to existing laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which
could have a material adverse effect on Sensus s business and financial operations. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare
or other government programs may result in a reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures
or other healthcare reforms may prevent Sensus from being able to increase revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize its devices.
In addition, other legislative changes may be enacted or existing regulations, guidance, or interpretations may be changed, each of which
may adversely affect our operations. 

Risks Related to our Intellectual Property 

If Sensus s patents and other intellectual
property rights do not adequately protect its products, it may lose market share to competitors and be unable to operate business profitably. 

Sensus s success significantly depends on
its ability to protect proprietary rights to the technologies used in its products. Sensus relies on three U.S. patents and two foreign
patents, as well as a combination of copyright, trade secret, and trademark laws, and nondisclosure, confidentiality, and other contractual
restrictions, to protect its proprietary technology. Sensus also has patent applications currently pending and in the process of being
submitted. However, these legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect its rights or permit Sensus to gain
or keep any competitive advantage. For example, some or all of the pending patent applications or any future pending applications may
be unsuccessful. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office may deny or require significant narrowing of claims in the pending patent applications
or future patent applications, and patents issued as a result of these patent applications, if any, may not provide Sensus with significant
commercial protection or be issued in a form that is advantageous. Sensus could also incur substantial costs in proceedings before the
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. These proceedings could result in adverse decisions as to the priority of its inventions and the narrowing
or invalidation of claims in its issued patents. Third parties may successfully challenge issued patents and those that may be issued
in the future, which would render these patents invalid or unenforceable, which in turn could limit Sensus s ability to stop competitors
from marketing and selling related products. In addition, pending patent applications include claims to aspects of Sensus s products
and procedures that are not currently protected by issued patents, and third parties may successfully patent those aspects before us or
otherwise challenge our rights to these aspects. 

Both the patent application process and the process
of managing patent disputes can be time consuming and expensive. Competitors may be able to design around Sensus s patents or develop
products that provide outcomes that are comparable to Sensus s products. Although Sensus has entered into confidentiality agreements
and intellectual property assignment agreements with certain of its employees, consultants, and advisors in order to protect our intellectual
property and other proprietary technology, these agreements may not be enforceable or may not provide meaningful protection for trade
secrets or other proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure or other breaches of the agreements. In addition,
Sensus has not sought patent protection in all countries where it sells products. If Sensus fails to timely file a patent application
in any such country or major market, Sensus may be precluded from doing so at a later date. Competitors may use Sensus s technologies
in jurisdictions where Sensus has not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing
products to territories in which Sensus has patent protection that may not be sufficient to terminate infringing activities. Furthermore,
the laws of some foreign countries may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S., if at all. 

In the event a competitor infringes upon one of
Sensus s patents or other intellectual property rights, enforcing those patents and rights may be difficult and time consuming.
Even if successful, litigation to defend these patents against challenges or to enforce Sensus s intellectual property rights could
be expensive and time consuming and could divert management s attention. Moreover, Sensus may not have sufficient resources to defend
patents against challenges or to enforce intellectual property rights, any of which would adversely affect its ability to compete. Any
of the foregoing would negatively impact Sensus s business, operations, and financial results. 

If Sensus s trademarks or trade names
are not adequately protected, then Sensus may be unable to build name recognition in markets of interest and its business may be adversely
affected. 

Sensus s registered or unregistered trademarks
or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared generic, or determined to infringe other marks. Sensus may be unable
to protect the rights to these trademarks and trade names, which it needs to build name recognition by potential partners or customers
in markets of interest. If these trademarks are challenged, infringed upon, circumvented, or declared generic or infringing, or if Sensus
is unable to establish name recognition based on these trademarks and trade names, then it may be unable to compete effectively and Sensus s
business may be adversely affected. 

15 

The medical device industry is characterized
by extensive patent litigation, and if Sensus becomes subject to litigation, it could be costly, result in the diversion of management s
attention, require us to pay significant damages or royalty payments, or prevent us from marketing and selling existing or future products. 

The medical device industry is characterized by
extensive litigation and administrative proceedings over patent and other intellectual property rights. Determining whether a product
infringes a patent involves complex legal and factual issues. As the number of participants in the market for skin cancer and general
oncology devices and treatments increases, the possibility of patent infringement claims against Sensus increases. Any infringement claims,
litigation or other proceedings would place a significant strain on Sensus s financial resources, divert the attention of management
from the core business and harm Sensus s reputation. Any of the foregoing could negatively impact Sensus s business, operations,
and financial results. 

Adverse outcomes in litigation or similar
proceedings could adversely impact business. 

Sensus may in the future be named as a party
to litigation or other similar legal proceedings. Adverse outcomes in any or all of these proceedings could result in monetary damages
or injunctive relief that could adversely affect its ability to continue conducting business. If an unfavorable final outcome in any such
matter becomes probable and reasonably estimable, the Company s financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

Risks Related to the Ownership of Sensus s
Securities 

We have a history of net losses prior to
2021. If we do not maintain profitability, our financial condition and the value of our common stock could suffer. 

The Company has a history of net losses. The historical
losses from inception through December 31, 2021 totaled approximately 17.8 million. The Company reported net income of 0.5 million and
 24.2 million, respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. The accumulated net loss was mainly related to the research
and development expenses in the early stage of the Company. The Company is continuously managing expenses. However, there can be no assurances
that this and other actions will result in the Company s continued profitability. 

Limited trading activity for shares of Sensus s
common stock may contribute to price volatility. 

While Sensus s common stock is listed and
traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market, there has been limited trading activity in the Company s shares. Due to the limited trading
activity of Sensus s common stock, relativity small trades may have a significant impact on the price of our common stock. 

The Company does not anticipate paying dividends
for the foreseeable future. As a result, investors must rely on price appreciation of the Company s common stock for a return on
its investment in the foreseeable future. 

The Company expects to retain any funds and future
earnings to support the operation, growth, and development of its business and does not anticipate paying any cash dividends on its common
stock in the foreseeable future. As a result, a return on an investor s investment in the near future will occur only if the Company s
share price appreciates. The Company s common stock price may not appreciate in value or maintain the price at which an investor
purchased these securities, and in either case, may not realize a return on investment or could lose all or part of an investment in the
Company s securities. 

Any future determination to declare cash dividends
will be made at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board of Directors and will be subject to
compliance with applicable laws and covenants under any credit facilities, which may restrict or limit the Company s ability to
pay dividends. For example, the Company s current revolving line of credit restricts the ability to pay dividends or make any distributions
or payments or redeem, retire, or purchase any capital stock without the prior written consent of the lender, provided that the Company
may pay dividends solely in common stock and, so long as no default has occurred under the line of credit, the Company may make certain
redemptions of its common stock and pay certain tax distributions to its shareholders. Also, the form, frequency, and amount of dividends
will depend upon the Company s future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual
restrictions, and other factors that the Board of Directors may deem relevant. Sensus may not pay dividends as a result of any of the
foregoing, and in these cases, an investor would need to rely on price appreciation of the Company s common stock for a return on
investment. 

16 

Sensus is a smaller reporting company, 
and the reduced reporting requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies may make Sensus s common stock less attractive
to investors. 

As a smaller reporting company, Sensus can take
advantage of certain reduced governance and disclosure requirements, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements in the assessment of internal control over financial reporting. As a result, investors and others may be less
comfortable with the effectiveness of Sensus s internal controls and the risk that material weaknesses or other deficiencies
in internal controls go undetected may increase. In addition, as a smaller reporting company, Sensus takes advantage of the
ability to provide certain other less comprehensive disclosures in our SEC filings, including, among other things, providing only two
years of audited financial statements in annual reports and simplified executive compensation disclosures. Consequently, it may be more challenging
for investors to analyze Sensus s results of operations and financial prospects, as the information provided to stockholders may
be different from what one might receive from other public companies in which one holds shares. 

Sensus s executive officers and directors
may exert control over the Company and may exercise influence over matters subject to stockholder approval. 

Sensus s executive officers and directors,
together with their respective affiliates, beneficially owned approximately 11 of our outstanding common stock as of February 21, 2024.
Accordingly, these stockholders, if they act together, may exercise substantial influence over matters requiring stockholder approval,
including the election of directors and approval of corporate transactions, such as a merger. This concentration of ownership could have
the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control or otherwise discourage a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control
over Sensus, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the market value of Sensus s common stock. 

If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research or publish unfavorable or inaccurate research about Sensus, the price of Sensus s securities and trading volume
could decline. 

The trading market for Sensus s securities
depends, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us. Sensus may be unable to attract or
sustain coverage by well-regarded securities and industry analysts. If either none or only a limited number of securities or industry
analysts cover Sensus, or if these securities or industry analysts are not widely respected within the general investment community, the
trading price for Sensus s securities would be materially and negatively impacted. In the event Sensus obtains securities or industry
analyst coverage, if one or more of the analysts who cover Sensus downgrades the securities or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research
about the Company, the price of Sensus s securities would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of Sensus,
or fail to publish reports on Sensus regularly, demand for the Sensus s securities could decrease, which might cause the price of
its securities and trading volume to decline. 

The Company s certificate of incorporation
and bylaws, and Delaware law contain provisions that could discourage another company from acquiring the Company and may prevent attempts
by the Company s stockholders to replace or remove the current directors and management. 

Provisions of the Delaware General Corporation
Law DGCL and the Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay, or prevent a merger or
acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which an investor might otherwise receive a premium for
its stock. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by the Company s stockholders to replace or remove
the current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace or remove directors from the Board of Directors. These
provisions include: 

authorizing the issuance of blank check preferred stock without any need for action by stockholders; 

requiring supermajority stockholder voting to effect any merger or sale of all or substantially all of the Company s stock and assets; 

eliminating the ability of stockholders to call and bring business before special meetings of stockholders; 

17 

prohibiting stockholder action by written consent; 

establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the Board of Directors or for proposing matters that can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings; 

dividing the Board of Directors into three classes so that only one third of the directors will be up for election in any given year; and 

providing that the Company s directors may be removed only by the affirmative vote of at least 75 of the Company s then-outstanding common stock and only for cause. 

In addition, the Company is subject to Section
203 of the DGCL, which may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by the Board of Directors,
including discouraging takeover attempts that could result in a premium over the market price for shares of the Company s common
stock. These provisions will apply even if a takeover offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent
an acquisition that the Board of Directors determines is not in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders and could also
affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for the Company s common stock. 

The Company s certificate of incorporation
provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between the Company
and its stockholders, which could limit a stockholder s ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with the Company
or its directors, officers, or employees. 

The Company s certificate of incorporation
provides that, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware is the exclusive forum for: any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company; any action asserting a breach
of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against the Company arising pursuant to the DGCL, the Company s certificate of incorporation,
or bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against the Company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice of forum
provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company
or its directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage these lawsuits against the Company and its directors, officers, and
other employees. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in the Company s certificate of incorporation to
be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, the Company may incur additional costs associated with resolving the action in other jurisdictions,
which could harm business and financial condition. 

If the Company fails to maintain proper
and effective internal controls, the Company s ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired and
investors views of the Company or its business could be harmed, resulting in a decrease in value of the Company s common
stock. 

As a public company, the Company is required to
maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in the Company s internal controls. In
addition, the Company is required to furnish a report by management on the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting
pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In addition, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm will
be required to attest to the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting beginning with the Company s annual
report on Form 10-K following the date on which the Company no longer qualifies as a smaller reporting company. Compliance with Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act will require the Company to incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management efforts.
If the Company is unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, or the Company and the independent registered
public accounting firm identify deficiencies in the internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses,
the market price of the Company s common stock could decline and the Company could be subject to sanctions or investigations by
Nasdaq, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. 

18 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

The Company has no unresolved comments from the
SEC staff relating to the Company s periodic or current reports filed with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. 

Item 1C. CYBERSECURITY 

Cybersecurity Risk Management and Processes 

Sensus is actively working towards the integration
of a cybersecurity risk management program into its comprehensive risk management framework to protect the confidentiality, integrity,
and availability of its critical systems and information. 

Our cybersecurity risk management program is
being designed based on various cybersecurity frameworks, including National Institute of Standards and Technology and the Center for
Internet Security, as well as information security standards issued by the International Organization for Standardization, including
ISO 27001 and ISO 27002. The Company uses these frameworks and information
security standards as a guide to identify, assess, and management cybersecurity risks relevant to the business. 

The
Company has implemented or is implementing the following key elements into the cybersecurity risk management program: 

Formalization
 and implementation of robust IT security policies; 

Conducting
 vulnerability assessments; 

Revision
 of user access request documentation to clearly define the roles and permissions assigned
 to users; 

Thorough
 review of the accuracy and completeness of user listings and access; 

Preservation
 of evidence related to system modifications; and 

Continued
 collaboration with external specialists to aid in the ongoing evaluation of existing policies
 and procedures. 

In
addition, the Company has a strategic plan, which encompasses the following key elements: 

Establishment
 of a dedicated cybersecurity governance committee; 

Standardization
 of cybersecurity incident response procedures and formats; 

Conducting
 penetration tests on a quarterly basis; 

Enhancement
 of segregation of duties to mitigate the risk of self-review of transactions within the system; 

The
Company has not identified any risks from known cybersecurity threats and did not have any cybersecurity incidents that have materially
affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company. For a discussion of whether and how any risks from cybersecurity
threats are reasonably likely to materially affect us, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors The Company s operations may
be impaired if our information technology systems fail to perform adequately or are the subject of a data breach or cyberattack, 
which is incorporated by reference into this Item 1C. 

Cybersecurity Governance 

The Board of Directors
actively collaborates with management to supervise cybersecurity risks. The Chief Technology Officer CTO ), with over 10
years experience in cybersecurity, leads the Company s overall cybersecurity function and monitors cybersecurity risks. The
CTO works with internal personnel and third-party consultants to design and implement the controls on the prevention, detection, mitigation,
and remediation of cybersecurity risks. The CTO maintains regular communication with the Board on matters related to cybersecurity and
provides updates to management on a quarterly basis. In the event of a cybersecurity incident, the Board is to be promptly notified. 

Management considers
cybersecurity risk as part of its risk oversight function and is in the process of establishing a cybersecurity governance committee.
The cybersecurity governance committee will oversee the management s implementation of the cybersecurity risk management program. 

19 

Item 2. PROPERTIES 

The Company s corporate headquarters is
located in Boca Raton, Florida and occupies approximately 8,926 square feet of space under a lease that currently expires in September
2027. The Company believes that the current facilities are suitable and adequate to meet the Company s current needs and
that suitable additional space will be available as and when needed. The Company s main manufacturing function is physically located
at our third-party manufacturer s facility in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. Additional disclosures have been included within Note 7, Commitments
and Contingencies , of the consolidated financial statements. 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, Sensus is party to certain
legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. Management, after consultation with legal counsel, currently does not anticipate
that the aggregate liability arising out of these legal proceedings will have a material effect on Sensus s results of operations,
financial position, or cash flows and have assessed that there is no need to record a liability for these legal proceedings and related
contingencies. Additional disclosures have been included within Note 7, Commitments and Contingencies of the consolidated financial
statements. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable. 

20 

PART II. 

Item 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

The Company s Class A common stock
is publicly traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol SRTS. 

Holders 

At the close of business on March 7, 2024, there
were 20 common stockholders of record. This does not include street name or beneficial owners, whose shares are held of
record by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. 

Dividends 

The Company has never declared or paid any dividends
on its common stock and anticipates that for the foreseeable future all earnings will be retained for use rather than paid out as dividends.
Any future payment of cash dividends will be dependent upon the Company s financial condition, results of operations, current and
anticipated cash requirements, and plans for expansion, as well as other factors that the Board of Directors deems relevant. Additionally,
certain contractual agreements and provisions of Delaware law impose restrictions on our ability to pay dividends. For example, the Company s
current revolving line of credit restricts the ability to pay dividends or make any distributions or payments or redeem, retire, or purchase
any capital stock without the prior written consent of the lender, provided that the Company may pay dividends solely in common stock
without prior consent. Additionally, Section 170(a) of the DGCL only permits dividends to be paid out of two legally available sources:
(1) out of surplus, or (2) if there is no surplus, out of net profits for the year in which the dividend is declared or the preceding
year (so-called nimble dividends ). However, dividends may not be declared or paid out of net profits if the capital
of the corporation, computed in accordance with [sections] 154 and 244 [of the DGCL], shall have been diminished by depreciation in the
value of its property, or by losses, or otherwise, to an amount less than the aggregate amount of the capital represented by the issued
and outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets. Contractual obligations and applicable
law will restrict the ability to declare and pay dividends in the future. 

Unregistered Sales of Securities 

There were no unregistered sales of securities
during the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Registrant
and Affiliated Purchasers 

In August 2023, the Company announced that its
Board of Directors had authorized a program to purchase up to 3,000,000 of shares of its common stock. Purchases may be made in a variety
of methods, including open market, from time to time, depending upon market conditions, including the market price of the common stock,
and other factors. The program has no time limit and may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time. 

Item 6. RESERVED 

21 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You should read the following management s
discussion and analysis MD A in conjunction with the information set forth within the financial statements and related
notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

As discussed elsewhere in this Report, Sensus
achieved profitability for the first time in 2021, maintained profitability in 2022 and 2023, and seeks to maintain and increase profitability
in 2024 by, among other things, increasing sales and managing operational expenses where necessary in order to continue to invest in research
and development of new products and marketing initiatives to promote the Company s products. However, Sensus faces a number of uncertainties
in 2024 that could impact our ability to achieve this goal. These include inflation and international trade issues. Either of these matters
could adversely affect the Company s ability to do business in a number of countries and geographic regions, including China. 

Components of our results of operations 

Sensus manages our business globally within one
reportable segment, which is consistent with how management views the business, prioritizes investment and resource allocation decisions,
and assesses operating performance. 

Results of Operations 

For the Years Ended 
December 31, 
 
 (in thousands, except shares and per share data) 
 2023 
 2022 

Revenues 
 24,405 
 44,532 
 
 Cost of sales 
 10,345 
 14,904 
 
 Gross profit 
 14,060 
 29,628 
 
 Operating expenses 

Selling and marketing 
 5,608 
 6,329 
 
 General and administrative 
 5,156 
 5,008 
 
 Research and development 
 3,678 
 3,460 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 14,442 
 14,797 
 
 Income (loss) from operations 
 (382 
 14,831 
 
 Other income: 

Gain on sale of assets 
 42 
 12,779 
 
 Interest income 
 992 
 380 
 
 Other income, net 
 1,034 
 13,159 
 
 Income before income tax 
 652 
 27,990 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 167 
 3,746 
 
 Net income 
 485 
 24,244 
 
 Net income per share basic 
 0.03 
 1.47 
 
 diluted 
 0.03 
 1.46 
 
 Weighted average number of shares used in computing net income per share 
 basic 
 16,259,254 
 16,480,991 
 
 diluted 
 16,266,139 
 16,618,214 

22 

2023 Compared with 2022 

Revenues of 24.4
million in 2023 decreased by 20.1 million, or 45 , from 44.5 million in 2022. The decrease was primarily driven by the lower number
of SRT units sold, as our customers continued to defer purchases of our product due to the inflationary pressures impacting the healthcare
market. 

Cost of sales of 10.3 million in 2023
decreased by 4.6 million, or 31 , from 14.9 million in 2022. The decrease in cost of sales was primarily related to the decrease in
sales in 2023. 

Gross profit of 14.1 million, or 57.6 
of revenue, in 2023 decreased by 15.5 million, or 52 , from 29.6 million, or 66.5 of revenue, in 2022. The decrease in gross profit
was primarily driven by the lower number of units sold and higher costs charged by vendors in 2023. 

Selling and marketing expenses of 5.6
million in 2023 decreased by 0.7 million, or 11 , from 6.3 million in 2022. The decrease was primarily attributable to lower compensation
expense offset by an increase in tradeshow expenses. 

General and administrative expenses of
 5.2 million in 2023 increased by 0.2 million, or 4 , from 5.0 million in 2022, due primarily to an increase in professional fees and
offset by a decrease in compensation expenses. 

Research and development expenses of 3.7
million in 2023 increased by 0.2 million, or 6 , from 3.5 million in 2022. The increase was primarily due to expenses related to a project
to develop a drug delivery system for an aesthetic project during 2023. 

Other income, net of 1.0 million in 2023
decreased by 12.2 million from 13.2 million in 2022 and is primarily attributable to the gain on sale of assets of 12.8 million in
2022 (See Note 2, Disposition , to the consolidated financial statements) and offset by an increase in interest income of 0.6 million
in 2023. 

Cash and cash equivalents 
at December 31, 2023 decreased 2.4 million from December 31, 2022. See Cash flows for details on the change in cash
and cash equivalents during the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Accounts receivable ,
net at December 31, 2023 decreased 6.7 million from December 31, 2022, primarily due to collections of receivables and the decrease in
sales during the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Inventories at
December 31, 2023 increased 8.4 million from December 31, 2022, primarily due to an increase in completion of finished goods offset by
shipments of units sold during the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Prepaid inventory 
at December 31, 2023 decreased 3.3 million from December 31, 2022, primarily due to the completion of finished goods from inventory deposits
paid to a manufacturer during the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Liabilities 

There were no borrowings
under our revolving lines of credit at December 31, 2023 or December 31, 2022. See Note 4, Debt , to the consolidated financial
statements for further discussion. 

23 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview 

In general terms, liquidity is a measurement of the Company s
ability to meet its cash needs. For the year ended December 31, 2023, funding was derived primarily from cash generated by the sale of
equipment to our customers in the ordinary course of business. The Company believes that proceeds from maturing cash equivalents, as well
as the Company s borrowing capacity under its existing line of credit and access to capital resources are sufficient to meet operating
capital and funding requirements for the next 12 months from the date of this annual report. Please see Note 4, Debt , to the consolidated
financial statements for a discussion regarding the Company s revolving credit facility with Comerica Bank. The Company s
liquidity position and capital requirements may be impacted by a number of factors, including the following: 

ability to generate and increase revenue; and 

fluctuations in gross margins, operating expenses, and net results. 

The Company s primary short-term capital
needs, which are subject to change, include expenditures related to: 

expansion of sales and marketing activities; and 

continuation of research and development activities. 

Sensus s management regularly evaluates
cash requirements for current operations, commitments, capital requirements, and business development transactions, and may seek to raise
additional funds for these purposes in the future. However, there can be no assurance that it will be able to raise such funds or the
terms on which such funds 

may be raised, if at all. 

Cash flows 

The following table provides a summary of the
Company s cash flows for the periods indicated: 

For the Years Ended 
December 31 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 (2,145 
 (1,412 
 
 Investing activities 
 (187 
 14,841 
 
 Financing activities 
 (40 
 (2,428 
 
 Total 
 (2,372 
 11,001 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 2.1
million for the year ended December 31, 2023, consisting of net income of 485 thousand partially offset by a decrease in net operating
liabilities of 2.7 million and non-cash charges of 0.1 million. Non-cash charges consisted of depreciation and amortization, stock-based
compensation, and product warranty charges. Net cash used in operating activities was 1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022,
consisting of net income of 24.2 million partially offset by an increase in net operating assets of 12.9 million, gain on sale of assets
of 12.8 million, deferred income taxes of 1.7 million, and non-cash charges of 1.8 million. Non-cash charges consisted of depreciation
and amortization, stock-based compensation and product warranty charges. 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Net cash used in investing activities was 0.2
million during the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily consisting of cash used in the acquisition of property and equipment of 0.2
million. Net cash provided by investing activities was 14.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to proceeds
from sale of assets, particularly the sale of the Sculptura assets for 15 million in cash, partially offset by the cash used in acquisition
of property and equipment of 0.2 million. 

24 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Net cash used in financing activities was 40
thousand during the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to repurchases of common stock and withholding taxes on stock-based compensation,
partially offset by proceeds from exercises of stock options. Net cash used in financing activities was 2.4 million during the year ended
December 31, 2022, primarily due to purchases of common stock and principal payments on our PPP loan, partially offset by proceeds from
exercises of stock options. 

Inflation 

During 2023, increased commodity and shipping
prices and energy and labor costs resulted in inflationary pressures across various parts of our business and operations, including on
our customers, partners, and suppliers. We continue to monitor the impact of inflation and we are taking actions, such as ordering inventory
in advance, to minimize its effects on our product cost and sales. 

Indebtedness 

Please see Note 4, Debt , to the consolidated
financial statements. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

Please see Note 7, Commitments and Contingencies ,
to the consolidated financial statements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting periods. Management has identified certain accounting policies as critical to understanding
the financial condition and results of operations. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting policies,
see the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

25 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF SENSUS HEALTHCARE,
INC. 

CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 F-7 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Sensus
Healthcare, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Sensus Healthcare, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated
statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023 and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB")
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB . Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain
an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

Marcum LLP 201 East Kennedy
Boulevard Suite 1500 Tampa, Florida 33602 Phone 813.397.4800 Fax 813.397.4801 www.marcumllp.com 

F- 2 

Sensus Healthcare, Inc. 

March
15, 2024 

Page 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters
arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2012. 

March 15, 2024 

F- 3 

SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

As of December 31, 
 
 (in thousands, except shares and per share data) 
 2023 
 2022 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Prepaid inventory 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Deferred tax asset 

Operating lease right-of-use asset, net 

Other noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Product warranties 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Income tax payable 

Deferred revenue, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Deferred revenue, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock, shares authorized and none issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value authorized; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock, and shares at cost, at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 

Retained earnings 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes
to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 
 
 (in thousands, except shares and per share data) 
 2023 
 2022 

Revenues 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Selling and marketing 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Other income: 

Gain on sale of assets 

Interest income, net 

Other income, net 

Income before income tax 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Net income per share basic 

diluted 

Weighted average number of shares used in computing net
 income per share basic 

diluted 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 5 

SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023
AND 2022 

Retained 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
Paid-In 
 Treasury Stock 
 Earnings 
(Accumulated 

(in thousands, except shares) 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit) 
 Total 

December 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 
 
 -

- 
 -
 
 -

Exercise of stock options 

- 
 -
 
 -

Stock repurchase 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Surrender of shares for tax withholding on stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -

December 31, 2022 

Stock-based compensation 
 
 -

- 
 -
 
 -

Exercise of stock options 
 
 -

- 
 -
 
 -

Stock repurchase 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Forfeiture of restricted stock units 
 
 -

- 

Surrender of shares for tax withholding on stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -

December 31, 2023 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 6 

SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash and cash equivalents used in operating activities: 

Bad debt expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

Gain on sale of assets 

Loss on disposal of assets 
 -

Amortization of right-of-use asset 

Provision for product warranties 

Stock-based compensation 

Deferred income taxes 

Decrease (increase) in: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid inventory 

Other current assets 

Other noncurrent assets 

Increase (decrease) in: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability 

Income tax payable 

Deferred revenue 

Product warranties 

Total adjustments 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Acquisition of property and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of assets 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Repurchase of common stock 

Withholding taxes on stock-based compensation 

Repayment of loan payable 
 -

Exercise of stock options 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Interest paid 
 -

Income tax paid 

Supplemental schedule of noncash investing and financing transactions: 

Operating lease right-of-use asset and lease liability increase from lease modification 
 -

Transfer of inventory to property and equipment 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 7 

SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC. 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, or per share (basic and diluted) for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

F- 8 

Service Revenue - recognized at a point in time 

Service Revenue - recognized over time 

Total Revenue 

Revenue recognized 

Amounts invoiced 

December 31, 2022 

Revenue recognized 

Amounts invoiced 

December 31, 2023 

2025 

2026 

Total 

F- 9 

and of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and and of the accounts receivable as of
December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

China 

Turkey 

-

Guatemala 

-

Ireland 

-

Other 

Total Revenue 

F- 10 

and approximately thousand as
of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Bad debt expense for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was approximately thousand
and thousand, respectively. 

thousand
and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

F- 11 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic earnings per share 

Diluted 

Net income 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Dilutive effects of: 

Assumed exercise of stock options 

Restricted stock awards 

Dilutive shares 

Diluted earnings per share 

The shares listed below were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because to
 do so would have been antidilutive for the periods presented: 

Restricted stock awards 
 
 -

restricted stock awards
were not in the money as the average price of common stock during the second to fourth quarter was less than the exercise prices. The
assumed proceeds of stock options and the restricted stock awards for the treasury stock method is the amount the grantee pays on exercise
plus the average amount of unrecognized compensation expense. 

million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

F- 12 

F- 13 

million in cash. The sale price was allocated to the existing assets and liabilities based on the book value at the date of the transaction.

Inventory 

Property and equipment 

Other liabilities 

Gain on asset sale 

years 
 
 Tradeshow and demo equipment 

years 
 
 Computer equipment 

years 
 
 Subtotal 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and Equipment, Net 

Depreciation expense was approximately thousand
and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

million commitment amount or (b) the borrowing base plus a million non-formula sublimit. On March
10, 2023, SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
(the FDIC was appointed receiver. On March 13, 2023, the FDIC transferred all deposits, both insured and uninsured, and
substantially all assets of SVB to a newly created, full-service FDIC-operated bridge bank , Silicon Valley Bridge Bank,
N.A. SVBB ), chartered by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency as a national bank. Subsequently, on March 27, 2023,
the FDIC entered into a purchase and assumption agreement for all deposits and loans, as well as certain other assets, of SVBB, with First-Citizens
Bank Trust Company FCB ), a subsidiary of First Citizens BancShares, Inc. First Citizens ). As a result
of this transaction, SVB became a wholly owned subsidiary of FCB. 

On September
11, 2023, the Company entered into a new revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility with Comerica Bank Comerica ),
replacing the prior facility with SVB, that provides for maximum borrowings of million. The Credit Facility may be terminated by the
Company or Comerica at any time without penalty. At December 31, 2023, the available borrowings under this facility were million.
Any borrowings bear interest at the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus (or at December 31, 2023),
and would be due upon demand by Comerica. The Credit Facility is secured by all of the Company s assets. The Credit Facility contains
a financial covenant requiring that the Company maintain unencumbered liquid assets having a minimum value of in a Comerica
account. 

The Company
was in compliance with its financial covenants under the respective facilities as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. There were
 no borrowings outstanding under either facility at December 31, 2023 or December 31, 2022. 

F- 14 

Warranties accrued during the period 

Payments on warranty claims 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Warranties accrued during the period 

Payments on warranty claims 

Balance, December 31, 2023 

thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total undiscounted operating leases payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present Value of Operating Lease Liabilities 

Other Information 

Weighted-average remaining lease term 
 years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

Cash paid
for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was thousand and thousand for the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and is included in cash flows from operating activities in the accompanying consolidated statement of
cash flows. 

Operating lease cost recognized
as expense was thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The financing component
for operating lease obligations represents the effect of discounting the operating lease payments to their present value. 

F- 15 

million and million for
finished goods for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Approximately million and million of finished goods
was received from this manufacturer for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2023 and December
31, 2022, a prepayment related to these finished goods of approximately million and million, respectively, was presented in
prepaid inventory in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Legal
contingencies 

The Company is party to certain legal proceedings
in the ordinary course of business. The Company assesses, in conjunction with its legal counsel, the need to record a liability for litigation
and related contingencies. 

In 2015, the Company learned that the Department
of Justice (the Department had commenced an investigation of the billing to Medicare by a physician who had treated patients
with the Company s SRT-100. The Department subsequently advised the Company that it was considering expanding the investigation
to determine whether the Company had any involvements in physician s use of certain reimbursements codes. The Company has received
two Civil Investigative Demands from the Department seeking documents and written responses in connection with its investigation. The
Company has fully cooperated with the Department. The Company disputes that it has engaged in any wrongdoing with respect to such reimbursement
claims; among other considerations, the Company does not submit claims for reimbursement or provide coding or billing advice to physicians.
To the Company s knowledge, the Department has made no determination as to whether the Company engaged in any wrongdoing, or whether
to pursue any legal action against the Company. Should the Department decide to pursue legal action, the Company believes it has strong
and meritorious defenses and will vigorously defend itself. As of December 31, 2023, the Company was unable to estimate the cost associated
with this matter. 

thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022, respectively. 

million shares of
preferred stock. No shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding at December 31, 2023 or December 31, 2022. 

Treasury stock 

Treasury stock includes shares surrendered by
employees for tax withholding on the vesting of restricted stock awards and shares repurchased in open market transactions. and
 shares were surrendered by employees for tax withholding for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. During the
years ended 2023 and 2022, the Company repurchased and shares, respectively, in open market transactions. 

F- 16 

shares and shares, respectively. In addition, unless the Compensation Committee specifically determines otherwise, the maximum
number of shares available under the Plans and the awards granted under the Plans will be subject to appropriate adjustment in the case
of any stock dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations, reorganizations, mergers, consolidations, exchanges or other changes in capitalization
affecting the Company s common stock. The awards may be made in the form of restricted stock
awards or stock options, among other things. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and shares were available to be granted
in the Plans, respectively. 

On February 1, 2020, a total
of shares of restricted stock were issued to employees. The restricted shares vest per year over a four-year period.
The grant date fair value of per share is being recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. In 2023,
 shares of common stock vested, and shares of unvested common stock were forfeited due to the termination of three employees.

On July 21, 2021, a total of shares
of restricted stock were issued to employees and board members. The restricted shares vest at grant date and per year over a three-year
period. The grant date fair value of per share is being recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.
 In 2023, shares of common stock vested. 

On December 19, 2022, a total of shares
of restricted stock were issued to employees. The restricted shares vest per year over a four-year period. The fair value of 
per share, the stock price on grant date, is being recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. In
 2023, shares of common stock vested, and shares of unvested common stock were forfeited due to the termination of
four employees. 

On January 26, 2023, shares of common stock
were issued to an employee and were recorded at the fair value of per share, the stock price on the grant date. The shares were
fully vested on the grant date. 

Restricted
Stock 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

December 31, 2023 

The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur.
The reduction of stock compensation expense related to the forfeitures was thousand and for the years ended December 31, 2023
and 2022, respectively. 

Stock compensation expense related to restricted
stock, excluding the recognition of forfeitures, was thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Unrecognized stock compensation expense was approximately
 thousand as of December 31, 2023, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

F- 17 

years after the grant date. Options that have been granted are exercisable and vest based on the terms of the related agreements.

In the first quarter of 2023,
the Company issued shares of common stock upon the exercise of stock options with an exercise price of per share. 

Granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 

-

Expired 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding - December 31, 2023 

Exercisable December 31, 2023 

Stock compensation expense related to stock options
was for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. The stock options outstanding had an intrinsic value of and thousand as
of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Current - State 

Deferred - Federal 

Deferred - State 

Deferred - International 
 -

Total 

Change in valuation allowance 
 -

Income tax provision 

F- 18 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Change in tax rates 

Return-to-provision adjustments 

Tax credits 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

Stock-based compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Accrued expenses and reserves 

Customer deposits 

Tax credits 

Lease accounting, net 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Prepaid expenses 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

The Company has state net operating loss carryforwards
(each, an NOL spread across various jurisdictions with a combined total of approximately million as of December 31,
2023. A majority of the state NOL s are attributed to the State of Illinois which begin to expire in 2029. Additionally, the Company
also has federal and state tax credit carryforwards of approximately thousand as of December 31, 2023. These credit carryforwards,
if not used in future periods, will begin to expire in 2029. 

In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets,
management considers whether it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization
of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the future generation of taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences
become deductible. Management considers the ability to carryback taxable income, future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences,
tax-planning strategies, and future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards in making this assessment.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a net valuation allowance release of million based on management s
reassessment of the amount of its deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized. As of each reporting date, management
considers new evidence, both positive and negative, that could affect its view of the future realization of deferred tax assets. As of
December 31, 2023, management determined there continues to be sufficient positive evidence that it is more likely than not that the net
deferred tax assets (other than foreign net operating losses) are realizable. 

Management has evaluated and concluded that there
were no material uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company s consolidated financial statements as of December
31, 2023 and 2022. The Company does not expect any significant changes in its unrecognized tax benefits within 12 months of the reporting
date. The Company has U.S. federal and certain state tax returns subject to examination by tax authorities beginning with those filed
for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

F- 19 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND
DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

There have been no disagreements on accounting
and financial disclosure matters. 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Control and Procedures 

As of December 31, 2023, the end of the period
covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).
Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer each concluded that as of December 31, 2023, the end
of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we maintained effective disclosure controls and procedures. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act.
We have performed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our management used the Internal
Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to perform this evaluation.
Based on that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023. 

As a smaller reporting company, our independent
registered accounting firm is not required to issue an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023 that have materially affected
or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

The Company is furnishing other information
in this Form 10-K. 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTION
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

26 

PART III. 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required by this item will be
set forth in the Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting and is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by this item will be
set forth in the Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting and is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by this item will be
set forth in the Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting and is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by this item will be
set forth in the Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting and is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by this item will be
set forth in the Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting and is incorporated into this report by reference. 

27 

PART IV 

Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The following documents are filed as a part of
this report: 

1. 
 Financial Statements 

The Company s consolidated financial
statements included beginning on page F-1. 

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

Financial statement schedules have been
omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the information required is included in the Company s consolidated financial
statements or note thereto. 

3. 
 Exhibits Required to be Filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 

The Exhibit Index beginning on page
29 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference to this Item 15. 

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

28 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 12, 2011, by and between Sensus Healthcare, LLC and Sensus Healthcare, LLC incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451) . 

2.2 
 
 Plan of Conversion of Sensus Healthcare, LLC incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451) . 

2.3 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement between Sensus Healthcare, Inc. and Empyrean Medical Systems, Inc., dated as of February 25, 2022 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed 3/25/22) (No. 001-37714) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Sensus Healthcare, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 3/25/16)(No. 333-209451) . 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Sensus Healthcare, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451). 

4.1 
 
 Form of Representatives Warrant to Purchase Units incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 of the Company s Amendment No. 4 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 5/19/16) (No. 333-209451) . 

4. 2 
 
 Description of Company s Common Stock incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed 3/6/20) (No.001-37714). 

10.1 
 
 Office Lease Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2010, by and between Rexall Sundown, Inc. and Sensus Healthcare, LLC incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451) . 

10.2 
 
 Amendment to Lease, dated as of January 27, 2014, by and between Rexall Sundown, Inc. and Sensus Healthcare, LLC incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451) . 

10.3 
 
 Commercial Lease, dated as of July 7, 2016, by and between BREF 851, LLC and Sensus Healthcare, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed 11/7/16)(No. 001-37714) . 

10.4+ 
 
 Sensus Healthcare, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 3/10/16)(No. 333-209451) . 

10.5+ 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Option Grant Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451) . 

10.6+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between Sensus Healthcare, Inc. and Joseph C. Sardano incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 2/10/16)(No. 333-209451) . 

10.7# 
 
 Manufacturing Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2010, by and between RbM Services, LLC and Sensus Healthcare, LLC. 

10.8 
 
 Sensus Healthcare, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement (filed 5/1/2023)(No. 001-37714) . 

10.9+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (filed 11/6/17)(No. 333-221372). 

10.10+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between Sensus Healthcare, Inc. and Michael Sardano incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed 5/8/18) (No. 333-209451) . 

29 

10.11 
 
 Employment Agreement between Sensus Healthcare, Inc. and Javier Rampolla incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed 8/11/23) (No. 001-37714). 

10.12 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2023, by and between the Company and Comerica incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Report on Form 8-K (filed 9/14/23) (No. 001-37714). 

10.13 
 
 Master Revolving Note, dated as of September 11, 2023, made by the Company in favor of Comerica incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Report on Form 8-K (filed 9/14/23) (No. 001-37714). 

10.14 
 
 Security Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2023, made by the Company in favor of Comerica incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Report on Form 8-K (filed 9/14/23) (No. 001-37714). 

14.1 
 
 Sensus Healthcare, Inc. Code of Ethics incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 of the of the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (filed 3/10/16)(No. 333-209451). 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Joseph C. Sardano, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sensus Healthcare, Inc., Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Javier Rampolla, Chief Financial Officer of Sensus Healthcare, Inc., Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Joseph C. Sardano, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sensus Healthcare, Inc., Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

32.2 

Certification of Javier Rampolla, Chief Financial Officer of Sensus Healthcare, Inc., Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

97 
 
 Sensus Healthcare, Inc. Clawback Policy 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

104. 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

+ 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. 

# 
 Portions of exhibit have been omitted. 

Filed electronically herewith. 

Instruments defining the rights of holders of unregistered long-term debt of the issuer and its subsidiaries have been omitted from this exhibit index because the amount of debt authorized under any such instrument does not exceed 10 of the total assets of the issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries. The issuer agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the Commission upon request. 

30 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC. 

Date: March 15, 2024 
 /s/ Joseph C. Sardano 

Joseph C. Sardano 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Joseph Sardano 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 March 15, 2024 
 
 Joseph Sardano 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Javier Rampolla 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 15, 2024 
 
 Javier Rampolla 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Megan Cornish 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2024 
 
 Megan Cornish 

/s/ John Heinrich 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2024 
 
 John Heinrich 

/s/ William H. McCall 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2024 
 
 William H. McCall 

/s/ Samuel O Rear 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2024 
 
 Samuel O Rear 

/s/ Anthony B. Petrelli 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2024 
 
 Anthony B. Petrelli 

31 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ea020158201ex23-1_sensus.htm
 CONSENT OF MARCUM LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement
of Sensus Healthcare Inc. on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-221372, 333-212195, and 333-273922) of our report dated March 15, 2024, with respect
to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Sensus Healthcare, Inc. as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended
December 31, 2023 and 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sensus Healthcare, Inc. for the year ended
December 31, 2023. 

Marcum LLPs 

Tampa, Florida 

 March 15, 2024 

Marcum LLP 201 East Kennedy Boulevard Suite 1500 Tampa, Florida 33602 Phone 813.397.4800 
 Fax 813.397.4801 www.marcumllp.com 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ea020158201ex31-1_sensus.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of CEO Pursuant to Securities
Exchange Act 

 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant
to 

 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Joseph C. Sardano, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sensus Healthcare,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 15, 2024 
 /s/ Joseph C. Sardano 

Joseph C. Sardano 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ea020158201ex31-2_sensus.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of CFO Pursuant to Securities
Exchange Act 

 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant
to 

 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Javier Rampolla, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sensus Healthcare,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 15, 2024 
 /s/ Javier Rampolla 

Javier Rampolla 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ea020158201ex32-1_sensus.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of CEO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned certifies that: 

(1) the Annual Report for Sensus Healthcare, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (this Report ),
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered therein. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906,
or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version
of this written statement, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

/s/ Joseph C. Sardano 

Joseph C. Sardano 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

March 15, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ea020158201ex32-2_sensus.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of CFO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned certifies that: 

(1) the Annual Report for Sensus Healthcare, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (this Report ),
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered therein. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906,
or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version
of this written statement, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

/s/ Javier Rampolla 

Javier Rampolla 

Chief Financial Officer 

March 15, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 7
 ea020158201ex97-1_sensus.htm
 SENSUS HEALTHCARE, INC. CLAWBACK POLICY

Exhibit 97 

Gunster
Draft 

Sensus
Healthcare, Inc. 

 Clawback
Policy 

Date
of Last Approval: ___________, 2023 

Introduction 

The
Board of Directors of the Company has adopted this Policy to provide for the recoupment of certain executive compensation in the event
of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under the federal securities
laws. This Policy is designed to comply with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and
the related listing standards of the national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 

Covered
Executives 

This
Policy applies to the Company s current and former executive officers, as may be determined from time to time by the Compensation
Committee of the Board (the Committee in accordance with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and the listing standards referred
to above Covered Executives ). Each Covered Executive shall be required to sign and return to the Company an acknowledgment
of this Policy in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, pursuant to which such Covered Executive will agree to be bound by the
terms and comply with this Policy. 

Administration 

This
Policy shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations
necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration of this Policy, and any such determinations made by the Committee shall be
made in the Committee s sole discretion, and shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. 

Recoupment;
Accounting Restatement 

In
the event the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to the Company s material
noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required
accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial
statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in
the current period, the Company shall recover reasonably promptly from any Covered Executive any excess Incentive-Based Compensation
(as defined below) received by such Covered Executive (a) after beginning service as an executive officer; (b) who served as an executive
officer at any time during the performance period for that Incentive-Based Compensation; (c) while the Company has a class of securities
listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association; and (d) during the three completed fiscal years immediately
preceding the date that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement. Each Covered Executive shall surrender any such
excess Incentive-Based Compensation to the Company, at such time or times, and via such method or methods, as determined by the Committee
in accordance with this Policy. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Policy will not (a) require the recovery of Incentive-Based Compensation
received by an individual before beginning service as an executive officer, or (b) apply to an individual who is an executive officer
at the time recovery is required if that individual was not an executive officer at any time during the period for which the Incentive-Based
Compensation is subject to recovery. 

The
date on which the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement is the earlier of (a) the date the Board or a committee of
the Board concludes or reasonably should have concluded that the Company s previously issued financial statements contain a material
error; and (b) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to restate its previously issued financial
statements to correct a material error. Incentive-Based Compensation will be deemed to have been received
in the fiscal period during which the financial reporting measure specified in the applicable Incentive-Based Compensation award is attained,
even if the payment or grant occurs after the end of that period. 

Incentive
Compensation 

For
purposes of this Policy, Incentive-Based Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly
or in part upon the attainment of a financial reporting measure, which means a measure that is determined and presented in accordance
with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measure that is derived wholly or
in part from such measures. For avoidance of doubt, a financial reporting measure need not be presented within the Company s financial
statements or included in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Financial reporting measures include, but are not limited
to: Company stock price; total shareholder return; revenues; net income; operating income; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation,
and amortization; financial ratios; profitability of one or more reportable segments; net assets or net asset value per share; funds
from operations; liquidity measures such as working capital or operating cash flow; return measures such as return on invested capital
or return on assets; and earnings measures such as earnings per share. 

Excess
Incentive-Based Compensation: Amount Subject to Recovery 

The
amount to be recovered will be the excess of the Incentive-Based Compensation paid to the Covered Executive based on the erroneous data
over the Incentive-Based Compensation that would have been paid to the Covered Executive had it been based on the restated results, as
determined by the Committee. The amount of recovery will be computed without regard to any taxes paid. If the Committee cannot determine
the amount of excess Incentive-Based Compensation received by the Covered Executive directly from the information in the accounting restatement,
then it will make its determination based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the accounting restatement. 

Method
of Recoupment 

The
Committee will determine, in its sole discretion, the method for recouping Incentive-Based Compensation hereunder, which may include,
without limitation, one or more of the following: (a) requiring reimbursement of cash Incentive-Based Compensation previously paid; (b)
seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer, or other disposition of any equity-based
awards; (c) offsetting the recouped amount from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company to the Covered Executive; (d) cancelling
outstanding vested or unvested equity awards; or (e) taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law. 

If
a Covered Executive fails to repay Incentive-Based Compensation that is owed to the Company under this Policy, the Company shall take
all appropriate action to recover such Incentive-Based Compensation from the Covered Executive, and the Covered Executive shall be required
to reimburse the Company for all expenses (including legal expenses) incurred by the Company in recovering such Incentive-Based Compensation. 

2 

No
Indemnification 

The
Company shall not (a) indemnify any Covered Executive against the loss of any incorrectly awarded Incentive-Based Compensation that is
forfeited or recovered pursuant to this Policy or (b) pay or reimburse the Covered Executives for premiums for any insurance policy covering
any such potential losses. 

Interpretation 

It
is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and
any applicable rules or standards adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission or any national securities exchange on which the
Company s securities are listed (together, the Applicable Laws ). To the extent the Applicable
Laws require recovery of Incentive-Based Compensation in additional circumstances beyond those specified in this Policy, nothing in this
Policy shall be deemed to limit or restrict the right or obligation of the Company to recover Incentive-Based Compensation to the fullest
extent required by the Applicable Laws. 

Effective
Date 

This
Policy shall be effective as of December 1, 2023 (the Effective Date and shall apply to Incentive-Based Compensation that
is approved, awarded or granted to Covered Executives on or after that date. 

Amendment;
Termination 

The
Board may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion. The Board may terminate this Policy at any time, except as may be provided
under Applicable Laws. 

Other
Recoupment Rights 

The
Board intends that this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent of the law. The Committee may require that any employment agreement,
equity award agreement, or similar agreement entered into on or after the Effective Date shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit
thereunder, require a Covered Executive to agree to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in
addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment or offset that may be available to the Company pursuant to
(a) the terms of any similar policy in any employment agreement, equity award agreement (regardless of whether implemented at any time
prior to or following the adoption or amendment of this Policy), or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available to the Company;
(b) any other legal requirements, including, but not limited to, Section 304 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX ); and (c)
any other legal rights or remedies available to the Company. Any amounts paid to the Company pursuant to Section 304 of SOX shall be
considered in determining any amounts recovered under this Policy. 

Supersedure 

This
Policy will supersede any provisions in any agreement, plan or other arrangement applicable to any Covered Executive that (a) exempt
any Incentive-Based Compensation from the application of this Policy, (b) waive or otherwise prohibit or restricts the Company s
right to recover any erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation, including, without limitation, in connection with exercising any
right of setoff as provided herein, or (c) require or provide for indemnification to the extent that such indemnification is prohibited
under the section entitled No Indemnification above. 

3 

Impracticability 

The
Company shall recover any excess Incentive-Based Compensation in accordance with this Policy unless such recovery would be impracticable,
as determined by the Committee in accordance with Rule 10D-1 of the Exchange Act and the listing standards of the national securities
exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 

Successors 

This
Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators, or
other legal representatives. 

Severability 

If
any provision of this Policy or the application of such provision to any Covered Executive shall be adjudicated to be invalid, illegal,
or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of this Policy,
and the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provisions shall be deemed amended to the minimum extent necessary to render any such provision
(or the application of such provision) valid, legal, or enforceable. 

4 

EXHIBIT
A 

SENSUS
HEALTHCARE, INC. 

COMPENSATION
RECOUPMENT POLICY 

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
FORM 

By
signing below, the undersigned acknowledges and confirms that the undersigned has received and reviewed a copy of the Sensus Healthcare,
Inc. (the Company Compensation Recoupment Policy (the Policy ). 

By
signing this Acknowledgement Form, the undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the undersigned is and will continue to be subject to
the Policy and that the Policy will apply both during and after the undersigned s employment with the Company. Further, by signing
below, the undersigned agrees to abide by the terms of the Policy, including, without limitation, by returning any erroneously awarded
Incentive-Based Compensation (as defined in the Policy) to the Company to the extent required by, and in a manner consistent with, the
Policy. 

COVERED
 EXECUTIVE 

Signature 

Print Name 

Date 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 srts-20231231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 srts-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 srts-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 srts-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 srts-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

