<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240315_10-K_edgar_data_1830188_0001830188-24-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12779824</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>521879</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2155170</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4100717</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3138453</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2625889</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001830188-24-000010.hdr.sgml : 20240315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240315171836
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001830188-24-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		119
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			United Homes Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001830188
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATIVE BUILDERS [1531]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				853460766
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39936
		FILM NUMBER:		24756016

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		917 CHAPIN ROAD
		CITY:			CHAPIN
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		844-766-4663

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		917 CHAPIN ROAD
		CITY:			CHAPIN
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DiamondHead Holdings Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201027

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001830188-24-000010.txt : 20240315

10-K
 1
 uhg-20231231.htm
 10-K

uhg-20231231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) ) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Common Shares (Title of class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this 

Table of Contents 

 chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer o 
 x 
 Non-accelerated filer o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of 
 the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2023, based on the closing price of 11.16 for shares of the Registrant s Class A common stock as reported by The Nasdaq Global Market, was approximately . Shares of common stock beneficially owned by each executive officer, director, and holder of more than 10 of our common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 As of March 4, 2024, Class A Common Shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B Common Shares, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 35 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 35 
 Item 2. Properties 
 37 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 38 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 38 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 55 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 98 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 98 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 100 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 100 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 101 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 101 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 101 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 101 
 Item 14. Principal Account ant Fees and Services 
 101 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 102 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 104 
 Signatures 
 105 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Certain statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, other than historical facts, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We intend for all such forward-looking statements to be covered by the applicable safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, as applicable. Such forward-looking statements can generally be identified by our use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, should, could, would, expect, intend, plan, anticipate, estimate, believe, seek, continue, or other similar words. 
 
 Any such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the industry and markets in which we operate, and beliefs of, and assumptions made by, our management and involve uncertainties that could significantly affect our financial results. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements about our future financial performance, strategy, expansion plans, future operations, future operating results, estimated revenues, losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management. Such statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated, including, without limitation: 
 
 disruption in the terms or availability of mortgage financing or an increase in the number of foreclosures in our markets; 
 volatility and uncertainty in the credit markets and broader financial markets; 
 a slowdown in the homebuilding industry or changes in population growth rates in our markets; 
 shortages of, or increased prices for, labor, land or raw materials used in land development and housing construction, including due to changes in trade policies; 
 material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that we have identified, which, if not corrected, could affect the reliability of our Consolidated Financial Statements; 
 our ability to execute our business model, including the success of our operations in new markets and our ability to expand into additional new markets; 
 our ability to successfully integrate homebuilding operations that we acquire; 
 delays in land development or home construction resulting from natural disasters, adverse weather conditions or other events outside our control; 
 changes in applicable laws or regulations; 
 the outcome of any legal proceedings; 
 our ability to continue to leverage our land-light operating strategy; 
 the ability to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq or any other exchange; and 
 the possibility that we may be adversely affected by other economic, business or competitive factors. 
 
 Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date this report is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any such forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K, and we do not intend to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. For further information regarding risks and uncertainties associated with our business, and important factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements, please refer to the factors listed and described in this report and in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 
 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks that may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The following should be read in conjunction with the more complete discussion of the risk factors we face, which are set forth in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors in this report. 
 
 Risks Related to UHG s Business 
 
 UHG s long-term growth depends upon its ability to acquire developed lots from affiliated land development companies (collectively, the Land Development Affiliates or other sellers, and the ability of such sellers to successfully identify and acquire desirable land parcels for residential build-out. A failure to successfully identify 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 and acquire desirable land parcels for residential build-out could adversely affect UHG s business or financial results. 
 UHG s geographic concentration could materially and adversely affect its business or financial results if the homebuilding industry in its current markets should decline. 
 The risks associated with UHG s inventories could adversely affect its business or financial results. 
 Increases in UHG s home cancellation rate could have a negative impact on its home sales revenue and gross profit. 
 UHG may not be able to complete or successfully integrate completed acquisitions and potential future acquisitions, and may experience challenges in realizing expected benefits of each such acquisition. 
 Failure to find suitable subcontractors may have a material adverse effect on UHG s standards of service. 
 UHG may suffer uninsured losses or suffer material losses in excess of insurance limits adversely affecting its business or financial results. 
 UHG is subject to litigation and other legal proceedings that could harm its business if an unfavorable ruling were to occur. 
 UHG may not be able to compete effectively against competitors in the homebuilding industry. 
 UHG s business and financial results could be adversely affected by significant inflation, higher interest rates or deflation. 
 
 Risks Related to the Homebuilding Industry 
 
 The homebuilding industry is cyclical and affected by changes in general economic, real estate or other conditions that could adversely affect UHG s business or financial results. 
 Homebuilding is subject to home warranty and construction defect claims in the ordinary course of business that can be significant, and reliance on subcontractors exposes builders such as UHG to regulatory risks that could adversely affect business or financial results. 
 Supply shortages and other risks related to acquiring lots, building materials and skilled labor could increase UHG s costs and delay deliveries causing an adverse effect on UHG s business or financial results. 
 Governmental regulations and environmental matters could increase the cost and limit the availability of UHG s homebuilding projects and adversely affect its business or financial results. 
 Natural disasters, severe weather and adverse geologic conditions may increase costs, cause project delays and reduce consumer demand for housing, all of which could materially and adversely affect UHG. 
 
 Risks Related to UHG s Financing and Indebtedness 
 
 UHG has significant amounts of debt and may incur additional debt. Incurrence of additional debt or a default under any of UHG s loan agreements or the convertible notes could affect UHG s financial health and its ability to raise additional capital to fund its operations or potential acquisitions. 
 UHG may be unable to obtain additional financing to fund its operations and growth. 
 The Wells Fargo Credit Facility, the Note Purchase Agreement, and Notes contain terms which restrict UHG s current and future operations, particularly UHG s ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. 
 
 Risks Related to UHG s Organization and Structure 
 
 The dual class structure of UHG s common stock has the effect of concentrating voting power with UHG s CEO, which may effectively eliminate the ability of holders of UHG s Class A common stock to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control. 
 UHG is a controlled company within the meaning of the applicable rules of Nasdaq and, as a result, may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. If UHG relies on these exemptions, its stockholders will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such requirements. 
 UHG s corporate organizational documents and provisions of state law to which it is subject contain certain provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, make more difficult, or prevent an attempted acquisition that stockholders may favor or an attempted replacement of the Board of Directors or management. 
 Anti-takeover provisions contained in UHG s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for UHG s common stock. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of UHG s Securities 
 3 

Table of Contents 

If UHG s existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intent to sell, amounts of UHG s Class A common stock in the public market after any restrictions on resale lapse, the trading price UHG s Class A common stock could decline. 
 UHG may issue additional shares of common or preferred stock (including upon the exercise of warrants or conversion of the Notes), which would dilute the interest of UHG s stockholders and may present other risks. 
 UHG is an emerging growth company and, as a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, its securities may be less attractive to investors. 
 UHG has identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting. If remediation of these material weaknesses is not effective, or if UHG identifies additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fails to maintain an effective system of internal controls, UHG may not be able to accurately or timely report its financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect investor confidence and, as a result, the value of the Class A common stock. 
 The trading price of UHG s securities may be volatile. 
 UHG s issued and outstanding Notes may impact its financial results, result in the dilution of its stockholders, create downward pressure on the price of its Class A common shares, and restrict its ability to raise additional capital or take advantage of future opportunities. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, for purposes of this section, the terms we, us, the Company or UHG refer to GSH and its subsidiaries prior to the Business Combination and to the Company and UHG and its subsidiaries, after giving effect to the Business Combination. 
 
 Overview 
 
 UHG designs, builds and sells homes in high growth markets, including South Carolina, North Carolina, and Georgia. Prior to the Business Combination (discussed below in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ), UHG s business historically consisted of both homebuilding operations and land development operations. Recently, UHG separated its land development operations and its homebuilding operations across separate entities in an effort to adopt best practices in the homebuilding industry associated with ownership and control of land and lots and production efficiency. Following the separation of the land development business, which is now primarily conducted by the Land Development Affiliates that are outside of the corporate structure of UHG, UHG employs a land-light operating strategy, with a focus on the design, construction and sale of entry-level, first move-up, second move-up and third move-up single-family houses. UHG principally builds detached single-family houses, and, to a lesser extent, attached single-family houses, including duplex houses and town houses. 
 
 As UHG reviews potential geographic markets into which it could expand its homebuilding business, either organically or through strategic acquisitions, it intends to focus on selecting markets with positive population and employment growth trends, favorable migration patterns, attractive housing affordability, low state and local income taxes, and desirable lifestyle and weather characteristics. 
 
 UHG is organized into two segments, South Carolina (consisting primarily of the Company s homebuilding operations in South Carolina and a small amount of operations in Georgia) and Other (consisting of homebuilding operations in Raleigh, NC, as well as the Company s mortgage banking joint venture). See Note 4 - Segment Reporting of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 
 Under its land-light operating strategy, UHG controls its supply of finished lots through lot purchase agreements with the Land Development Affiliates and third parties, which provide UHG with the right to purchase finished lots after they have been developed. UHG pays deposits based on the aggregate purchase price of the finished lots, typically 15 - 20 of the purchase price. These lot purchase agreements generally provide UHG with the right to purchase the lots pursuant to the terms and conditions of the agreement, or to terminate the agreement for any reason. If UHG declines to close on the purchase of lots, its primary legal obligation and economic loss as a result of such termination is limited to the amount of the deposit paid. UHG believes that the use of lot purchase agreements is a capital-efficient way of operating as it provides the Company with the ability to amass a pipeline of lots without the risks associated with acquiring and developing raw land. UHG s pipeline as of December 31, 2023 consists of approximately 9,000 lots, which includes lots that are owned or controlled by Land Development Affiliates, and which UHG expects to obtain the contractual right to acquire, in addition to lots that UHG may acquire from third party lot option contracts. 
 
 Market Opportunity 
 
 UHG believes that there is a significant housing shortage in the United States. Long-term favorable fundamentals of low housing inventory, high employment growth over a trailing five-year period, and affordability relative to the national average home price create an opportunity for UHG to expand its homebuilding operations. 
 
 As previously noted, UHG presently operates in three major market regions in South Carolina: Midlands, Upstate, and Coastal, Augusta, Georgia, and Raleigh, North Carolina. 
 
 Competitive Strengths 
 
 UHG s primary business objective is to create long-term returns for stockholders through its commitment to produce quality-built homes at affordable prices. UHG believes that its reputation, commitment to excellence and its support for its customers through the home buying process sets it apart from other public company homebuilders. UHG 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 believes that the following strengths position it well to execute its business strategy and capitalize on opportunities in the Southeastern United States and across the country. 
 
 Established Track Record of Strong Organic Growth. Proven growth and operating successes are hallmarks of UHG s history. Led by Michael Nieri since its inception, UHG has closed approximately 14,000 homes since 2004. 
 
 Leading Share in Existing Markets and Close Proximity to Adjacent High-Growth Markets. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, UHG s home state of South Carolina experienced population growth of more than 10 from 2010 to 2022 exceeding the national average of 7.4 over the same period of time. Not only does UHG enjoy leading market share in a majority of the submarkets they serve in South Carolina and Georgia, but UHG is based within 500 miles of some of the fastest growing markets in the U.S based on new home sales. This includes markets like Nashville, Jacksonville and Orlando, which carry the potential for expansion both organically and via strategic acquisitions. UHG s proximity to growing population centers of the Southeast provide a unique advantage over homebuilders with less of a focus in these regions. 
 
 Land-light Operating Model Drives Superior Returns with Less Capital at Risk. UHG and other land-light builders do not hold large land positions on balance, but rather partner with land developers including the Land Development Affiliates that hold land and finished lots and deliver them to the builder on a just-in-time basis. UHG believes that this land-light model results in a more balance sheet efficient strategy, which is expected to drive higher returns while offering more flexibility in response to changing economic conditions and expects this to result in more stable financial performance through the housing cycle due to lower invested capital and equity at risk limited to the lot deposit. Because of the higher and more stable return profile, land light builders tend to trade at higher valuation multiples than peers that own considerable land positions. 
 
 Highly Experienced, Aligned and Proven Management Team. UHG benefits from a highly experienced management team that has demonstrated the ability to adapt to ever-changing market conditions while generating substantial growth and innovation. UHG s executive officers and key employees have over 100 years of cumulative experience in the homebuilding industry. UHG believes its management team s wide-ranging industry experience, combined with its incentivized executive compensation structure, have been and will continue to be the key to its success. 
 
 Growth Strategy 
 
 UHG s management and Board of Directors have established a multi-pronged growth strategy. UHG expects to achieve its growth goals through successful execution of the following strategies: 
 
 Continue to Leverage Key Macro Housing Trends. UHG plans to continue to capitalize on the macro housing trends including the ongoing migration from higher-cost areas in the Northeast to more affordable markets in the Southeast. Given its focus on entry-level and first-time move-up buyers, UHG also expects to take advantage of the continued inflation in rental rates to encourage renters to consider home buying as an alternative to renting. It is UHG s view that household formation, life events and ongoing rent inflation are larger drivers in an entry-level homebuyer s decision process than interest rates. 
 
 Capitalize on Strong Growth in Core Markets. U.S. Census Bureau data indicates UHG s existing and adjacent markets continue to grow faster than national averages. These conditions are expected to allow well-capitalized homebuilders with a meaningful presence in these markets to grow faster than industry averages. For UHG going forward, market share take, growth in community count, and a re-composition of community size are expected to drive organic growth. Specifically, community count is expected to increase in 2024, and UHG expects average community size to increase in its target markets. Management of UHG expects that larger communities will allow the Company to better manage sales cadence and even-flow production schedules, thereby generating increased operating leverage. UHG and its predecessors have demonstrated an ability to capitalize on these trends for more than 20 years, and capital provided from the Business Combination is expected to support additional growth in the future. 
 
 Accretive Mergers and Acquisitions (M A). Homebuilding is a business that benefits from scale, where the benefits of operating as a larger entity can result in lower costs and higher margins. Further, UHG believes that the changing macroeconomic environment has resulted in an increased willingness of smaller builders to explore 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 partnerships with larger organizations. Through January 2024, UHG completed three acquisitions, allowing the Company to further grow operations in the upstate and coastal regions of South Carolina, and expand operations into Raleigh, NC. Management believes UHG continues to have an opportunity to be an acquirer of choice for smaller builders as UHG s acquisition strategy is focused on retaining local operations and brands. UHG has in place dedicated personnel focused on M A opportunities. 
 
 Programmatic Build to Rent (BTR) Relationships. Institutional owners of residential rental homes are increasingly turning to homebuilders to help meet the need for more housing supply. Further, newly constructed rental homes tend to come with lower maintenance costs and higher rents than older homes. UHG s existing product set, geared towards entry-level and first-time move-up buyers, is highly consistent with the rental product desired by institutional cap ital. UHG has considerable experience developing single-family rental homes and is in discussions with and expects to enter programmatic relationships with institutional investors for development of Built to Rent BTR communities. In 2 023, UHG was contracted to deliver 108 units in one BTR community. Institutional owners closed on 36 of the 108 units in this BTR community in the fourth quarter of 2023 and the remaining 72 units are expected to close in 2024. 
 
 Ancillary Revenue Growth Opportunities. UHG management continuously looks for accretive sources of EBITDA growth, not just in product line opportunities, but also in opportunities to drive additional EBITDA from existing operations. A key example of this is the recent formation and launch of Homeowners Mortgage, which began generating revenue in July 2022. The creation of Homeowners Mortgage, structured as a joint venture with a leading national lender, will arrange mortgage financing for potential homebuyers and is anticipated to deliver incremental high margin revenue to UHG and its stockholders. Beyond being a new source of revenue and EBITDA for UHG with little incremental expense or capital investment, it is anticipated that the Homeowners Mortgage joint venture will improve buyer traffic conversion and reduce backlog cancellation rates as well. 
 
 UHG Products and Customers 
 
 UHG s Homes and Homebuyers 
 
 UHG s homebuilding business is driven by its commitment to building high quality homes at affordable prices in attractive locations, while delivering excellent customer service. UHG empowers its customers with flexibility to personalize their desirable open floor plans with a wide array of finishes, options and upgrades to best fit their distinctive tastes and unique needs. 
 
 In its portfolio of home plans, UHG offers a series of single-family detached and attached homes. The homes are targeted for entry-level buyers, first-time move-ups, second-time move-ups, third-time move-ups, and some custom builds. Entry-level homebuyers are typically seeking an economical path to home ownership and desire square footage, quality design and construction at affordable prices. First-time move-up homebuyers generally desire the opportunity to select and upgrade features in their homes. Second-time move-up homebuyers generally seek larger floorplans with a higher level of finish with the ability to upgrade additional features. Third-time move-up homebuyers are similar to second-time move-ups but desire a higher level of finish and top-shelf options and upgrades. 
 
 Land Acquisition Strategy and Development Process 
 
 Locating and analyzing attractive land positions is a critical challenge for any homebuilder. UHG controls its supply of land positions through lot purchase agreements. UHG s land selection process begins with key economic drivers: population, demographic trends and employment growth. 
 
 Following the separation of the land development business, UHG operates under a land-light lot operating strategy that allows UHG to avoid engaging in land development activities, which requires significant capital expenditures. Instead, UHG contracts with third-party land developers, third-party land-bankers, and the Land Development Affiliates, each for the purchase of developed lots. UHG s strategy avoids the financial commitments and risks associated with direct land ownership and land development and allows it to control a significant number of lots by putting down deposits on the lots, a relatively low capital commitment compared to the acquisition of land and a materially lower capital commitment than is required for the development of the land into finished lots. The deposit is typically 15 - 20 of the purchase price of the lots. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 UHG s land selection and sourcing process involves collaboration between UHG, third-party land developers, and the Land Development Affiliates. This collaboration relies on UHG s longstanding relationships with land sellers, brokers and third-party developers in its target markets. This enables UHG to source land in a cost-effective manner for development by the Land Development Affiliates and to secure the right to purchase finished lots from the Land Development Affiliates and third-party developers. 
 
 Lot purchase agreements are generally entered into with the land developers between six and 24 months in advance of the expected completion of the land development, depending on whether the land is fully permitted and approved at the time the lot purchase agreement is entered into. In cases where the land is not fully permitted and approved, lot purchase agreements are generally entered into between 18 and 24 months in advance of the expected completion of the land development. In cases where the land is fully permitted and approved, lot purchase agreements are generally entered into between six and 18 months in advance of the expected completion of the land development. Pursuant to UHG s lot purchase agreements, the lots are offered to UHG for purchase on a rolling basis, which is designed to mirror its expected home sales. 
 
 Owned and Controlled Lots 
 
 The following table presents UHG s owned or controlled lots by market as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 As of December 31, 2022 Market/Division Owned Controlled Total Owned Controlled Total Midlands 110 5,018 5,128 94 5,145 5,239 Coastal 76 1,066 1,142 34 1,157 1,191 Upstate 163 2,354 2,517 145 1,953 2,098 Raleigh 46 215 261 Total 395 8,653 9,048 273 8,255 8,528 
 
 Owned Real Estate Inventory Status 
 
 The following table presents UHG s owned real estate inventory status as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 As of December 31, 2022 Owned Real Estate Inventory Status (1) 
 of Owned Real Estate Inventory of Owned Real Estate Inventory Homes under construction and finished homes 81 91 Developed lots and land under development (2) 
 19 9 Total 100 100 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Represents owned homes under construction and finished lots. 
 (2) On a limited basis, the Company acquires raw parcels of land already zoned for its intended use to develop into finished lots, typically as a result of business acquisitions. Land under development represented 5 and 0 of total inventory as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Homebuilding, Marketing and Sales Process 
 
 UHG is a production builder, primarily focused on entry-level, first, and second move-up homebuyers, with some third move-up and custom construction. UHG bases the decision on what type of home to build according to its market analysis of potential homebuyers. Home construction ranges from attached single-family product such as townhomes and duplexes to detached single-family homes up to five-bedroom two-story product, primarily using plans designed in-house by UHG. The UHG build-on-demand market entails a homebuyer selecting a lot in a UHG development and picking from a selection of UHG predesigned home plans and options. UHG does some limited custom home construction as well. 
 
 UHG uses a variety of marketing tools to reach potential homebuyers, but online marketing has become a key strength of the UHG business model, allowing it to reach a broad range of potential homebuyers at relatively low expense compared to traditional advertising platforms. The digital marketing methods that UHG employs include strategic e- 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 marketing efforts to its current database of potential customers, internet advertising enhanced by search engine marketing, search engine optimization and campaigns and promotions across an array of social media platforms. UHG has also had measurable success utilizing its online digital chat function to assist with inquiries and direct traffic directly to its onsite sales representatives. One area of strength in UHG s digital marketing has been to leverage virtual home tours of inventory and model homes, which has been particularly effective in selling homes to buyers moving into the area from other regions of the country. 
 
 While digital marketing is a key component of the UHG home sales process, most homebuyers will ultimately want to visit a UHG product in person prior to purchasing. UHG maintains model homes in most developments for potential buyers to see in-person the quality and design features of UHG s homes, as well as the different options that may be available. Onsite sales representatives are present seven days a week in UHG developments to answer questions and provide potential homebuyers with a point-of-sale contact. While efficient marketing methods are important, real estate remains a complicated sales transaction and providing a potential buyer with access to a dedicated onsite sales representative who is an expert on the community is a key to the success of UHG s sales process. Onsite sales representatives are typically local realtors who have contracted with UHG to provide this service. This allows UHG to provide potential homebuyers with a high level of service and knowledgeable onsite sales representatives without incurring the significant overhead cost of hiring full-time employees to service every development. UHG also puts a great deal of effort into maintaining good relationships with local real estate professionals in its target markets. UHG believes that this gives it a competitive advantage over other builders who rely almost solely on in-house marketing efforts. 
 
 Backlog, Sales and Closings 
 
 For reporting purposes, a new home sale occurs when a buyer has been pre-approved by a mortgage lender, has signed a sales contract with UHG, and has placed a deposit towards the purchase of the home. A start occurs when groundbreaking on a home has begun, such as pouring the foundation or footings. Closing occurs when the legal process for completing the sale of the home has been finalized and UHG has been paid for the sale. A certain number of sales will not be closed for one reason or another, and these are reported as cancellations. Homes in backlog are those that are under a sales contract but have not closed. 
 
 For reporting purposes, the total number of sales is reported as the number of sales during the applicable period, minus the cancellation of existing contracts during that same period. Cancellation rate is determined by the total number of cancellations for the period divided by total number of sales during the same period. Backlog is calculated as the number of homes in backlog from the prior period, plus sales for the current period, minus the number of closings for the current period. Backlog value is determined based on the selling prices of the homes in backlog. 
 
 The table below report sales, starts, closings, and backlog in each of UHG s primary markets for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Period Over Period Change 2023 2022 Market Sales Starts Closings Sales Starts Closings Sales Starts Closings Coastal 150 145 216 160 241 242 (6) (40) (11) Midlands 755 689 827 744 695 942 1 (1) (12) Upstate 388 399 340 355 337 421 9 18 (19) Raleigh 3 15 0 0 0 0 NM NM NM Total 1,296 1,248 1,383 1,259 1,273 1,605 3 (2) (14) 
 ______________________________ 
 NM - Not Meaningful 
 
 The following table presents information concerning UHG s new orders, cancellation rate and ending backlog for years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Net New Orders 1,296 1,259 Cancellation Rate 13.6 17.5 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Ending Backlog - Homes 189 276 Ending Backlog - Value (in thousands) 57,600 86,000 
 
 Materials, Procurement and Construction 
 
 UHG uses various materials and components and is dependent upon building material suppliers for a continuous flow of raw materials. It typically takes UHG between 90 and 120 days to construct a single-family home and typically longer for certain higher-end homes. Some factors that could create fluctuations in UHG s raw material pricing are seasonal variations in the building cycle, labor and material supply chain disruptions, international trade disputes and resulting tariffs and increased demand for materials as a result of the improvements in the housing market. 
 
 UHG s objective in procurement is to maximize efficiencies on local and regional levels and to ensure consistent utilization of established contractual arrangements. UHG employs a comprehensive procurement program that leverages its size and geographic footprint to achieve attractive cost savings and, whenever possible, standardize products to be used with multiple subcontractors and suppliers. This standardization process supports UHG s efforts to maintain service levels and delivery commitments and to protect its pricing. UHG also leverages its volume to negotiate better pricing from manufacturers. UHG has numerous national distribution arrangements in place for framing supplies, plumbing fixtures, appliances, heating, ventilation and air conditioning systems, roofing and other supplies. 
 
 UHG has extensive experience managing all phases of the construction process. Although UHG does not employ its own skilled tradespeople, such as plumbers, electricians and carpenters, UHG does employ project managers, area construction managers, and EVPs of construction to manage the construction process. UHG s enterprise resource planning system and integrated construction scheduling software, along with a third party scheduling software, allow its project managers to closely monitor the construction progress of each of their homes. UHG s software also enables its project managers to monitor the completion of work, which in turns expedites payments to their subcontractors. 
 
 Customer Relations, Quality Control and Warranty Program 
 
 UHG pays particularly close attention to the product design process and carefully considers quality and choice of materials in an attempt to eliminate building deficiencies and reduce warranty expenses. UHG s policy is to require all of its vendors and sub-contractors, in connection with its onboarding process, to execute its standard terms agreement, which includes, among other provisions, work quality standards. UHG s onboarding process also requires all vendors and subcontractors to provide proof of insurance, including liability insurance and workers compensation insurance, and to include UHG as an additional insured under such policies. The quality and workmanship of UHG s subcontractors are monitored in the ordinary course of business by UHG s project managers and area managers, and UHG conducts regular inspections and evaluations of its subcontractors to ensure that its standards are being met. In addition, local governing authorities in all of UHG s markets require the homes UHG builds to pass a variety of inspections at various stages of construction, including a final inspection in which a certificate of occupancy, or its jurisdictional equivalent, is issued. 
 
 UHG maintains professional staff whose role includes the provision of a positive experience for each customer throughout the pre-sale, sale, building, closing and post-closing periods. These employees are also responsible for providing after-sales customer service. UHG s quality and service initiatives include taking customers on a comprehensive tour of their home prior to closing and using customer survey results to improve its standards of quality and customer satisfaction. 
 
 Competition and Market Factors 
 
 UHG faces competition in the homebuilding industry, which is characterized by relatively low barriers to entry and multiple operators. UHG s competition includes national, regional, and local homebuilders, as well as the individual 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 home resale market and available rental housing. Homebuilders compete for, among other things, homebuyers, desirable lots, financing, raw materials and skilled labor. Competition for homebuyers is primarily based upon factors such as price, location, design, quality, and the reputation of the builder. Increased competition may prevent UHG from acquiring attractive lots on which to build homes or make such acquisitions more expensive, hinder its market share expansion or lead to pricing pressures on its homes that may adversely impact its margins and revenues. 
 
 The housing industry is cyclical and is affected by consumer confidence levels, employment, affordability, prevailing economic conditions and interest rates. Other factors that affect the housing industry and the demand for new homes include: the availability and the cost of land, labor and materials; changes in consumer preferences; demographic trends; and the availability and interest rates of mortgage finance programs. See Risk Factors for additional information regarding these risks. 
 
 UHG is dependent upon building material suppliers for a continuous flow of raw materials. Whenever possible, UHG attempts to utilize standard products available from multiple sources. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 The sale of both new and existing homes in the United States exhibit demonstrable seasonality over the course of a calendar year. This seasonality can be evidenced across multiple sources including, but not limited to, government data (U.S. Census Bureau), trade groups (National Association of Realtors) and public company reports. Typically, prospective home buyers search for homes beginning in late winter to early spring, which in industry parlance is often referred to as the spring buying season. As homes are constructed, those contracts are then closed upon through the summer into fall. As a result, UHG and the homebuilding industry tends to experience more new home sales in the first half of a calendar year and increased closings and revenue recognition in the second half of a calendar year. 
 
 In all of its markets, UHG has historically experienced similar variability in its results of operations and capital requirements from quarter to quarter due to the seasonal nature of the homebuilding industry. As a result, UHG s revenue may fluctuate on a quarterly basis. As a result of seasonal activity, UHG s quarterly results of operations and financial position at the end of a particular quarter are not necessarily representative of the results it expects at year end. UHG expects this seasonal pattern to continue in the long-term. 
 
 Governmental Regulation and Environmental, Health and Safety Matters 
 
 As a licensed builder in South Carolina, Georgia and North Carolina, UHG is subject to each state s statutes and regulations governing licensure, as well as other federal, state, and local laws and ordinances that govern the construction of homes in the relevant jurisdictions in which UHG operates. Homes built by UHG in South Carolina, Georgia and North Carolina are required to be built to conform to the standards established by the latest edition of the International Residential Code IRC (as adopted and modified by each state). The construction of homes to the IRC standards is closely monitored by local authorities, and homes built by UHG must pass inspection at multiple stages of the construction process. Enforcement of the IRC standards is conducted at the local level, which has led and may continue to lead to conflicting interpretations among the multiple jurisdictions in which UHG does business and can cause delays to the construction process. Changes to the IRC or differences in interpretation among jurisdictions may result in additional costs incurred by UHG in the construction process. 
 
 Preparation of building sites for homes is governed by a variety of federal, state, and local environmental statutes, regulations, and ordinances. As a purchaser of finished lots from developers, one of the principal regulatory requirements that affects UHG is the requirement that it comply with stormwater and erosion control measures. Regulators frequently inspect UHG homes for compliance with these measures, and fines and other penalties causing delays may be imposed if such inspections reveal that these regulations have not been complied with. 
 
 Federal and state environmental laws may hold current or former real estate owners strictly or jointly and severally liable for certain hazardous or toxic substances that may be found on the property. Current or former owners may be required to investigate and clean up these substances and owners can be found liable for related damages. Homes subject to these conditions, or certain naturally occurring conditions like methane or radon, may require a mitigation plan, and a home subject to a mitigation plan may be less attractive to buyers. Use of building material by UHG that is found to be hazardous and to cause injury could also result in UHG being held liable for damages. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 UHG procures lots for building homes from the Land Development Affiliates and other third-party developers. The supply of lots from these companies is affected by a number of federal, state, and local statutes, regulations, and ordinances, and can lead to substantially increased costs, delays, or even cancellation of the construction of communities. Unexpected factors such as an endangered species being found on a site, unanticipated jurisdictional wetlands, or geotechnical factors may lead to delays in the supply of lots or increased costs. Local governments may pass restrictions on density and other zoning requirements that make building homes more costly or impractical. Local jurisdictions may also pass moratoriums on development or issuing building permits that can affect the supply of lots to UHG. While UHG will generally purchase developed and entitled lots from the Land Development Affiliates and other third-party developers, these lots may be subject to subsequent restrictions and regulations by local authorities, which can increase costs. UHG expects the use of local government land-use regulation to restrict residential development will intensify in the future. 
 
 Homeowners Mortgage, UHG s joint-venture mortgage brokerage company, is subject to a wide array of federal and state statutes and regulations. As a mortgage broker, Homeowners Mortgage is primarily regulated by state financial services regulators: the South Carolina Department of Consumer Affairs (SCDCA), the South Carolina Board of Financial Institutions (SCBOFI), the North Carolina Commissioner of Banks (NCCOB), and the Georgia Department of Banking and Finance (GADBF). In addition, federal enforcement authority is vested with the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). Homeowners Mortgage is subject to both federal and state law, including regulations promulgated by federal financial regulators (mainly, the CFPB and Federal Reserve Board) and the state financial regulators, which implement these laws. State financial regulators oversee the licensing of Homeowners Mortgage as a mortgage broker. Homeowners Mortgage maintains a Mortgage Broker License in North Carolina and South Carolina and a Mortgage Broker/Processor License/Registration in Georgia. Homeowners Mortgage s activities, advertising, disclosures to consumers, and its relationship with mortgage loan originators (MLOs) is subject to numerous federal laws, including the Real Estate Settlement Practices Act (RESPA) and its implementing regulation, Regulation X; the Truth in Lending Act (TILA) and Regulation Z; the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA) and Regulation B; the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 (SAFE Act); the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA) and Regulation C; the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) and Regulation P; the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) and Regulation V; and the Mortgage Acts and Practices Advertising Rule (MAP Rule) and Regulation N. Some of these laws and regulations directly apply to Homeowners Mortgage, while other obligations apply indirectly through its relationship with the MLOs. The states in which Homeowners Mortgage operates have corollary legal and regulatory regimes, as well as additional restrictions on the conduct of mortgage brokerage businesses that are specific to transactions within the given state. Beyond these laws and regulations, Homeowners Mortgage is subject to compliance with the terms of various governmental and government-sponsored enterprise (GSE) underwriting and compliance guides. These programs, such as those operated by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA), the Veterans Benefits Administration (VA), the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), the Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA/Fannie Mae), the Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA/Ginnie Mae), and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC/Freddie Mac) promulgate regulations and guidelines pursuant to which they will originate or guarantee mortgage loans. 
 
 Human Capital Resources and Organizational Culture 
 
 UHG builds quality homes for the people in the Southeastern United States. The values UHG team members bring to accomplish that mission are those common to where they grew up, individually and as an organization. UHG enjoys a sterling reputation with its customers, competitors, developers, and government officials driven by its institutional values. This hard-won reputation of its team members and organization gives UHG a competitive advantage over national builders in UHG s core markets. UHG believes that its culture, and the commitment of its team members to it, has enabled UHG s growth rate to date. 
 
 UHG has approximately 196 full-time team members. UHG also has offices throughout its markets, including offices in the Upstate market in Mauldin, SC, an office in the Coastal market in Myrtle Beach, SC, and an office in Raleigh, NC. The regional concentration of UHG markets, mostly within a two-hour drive from corporate headquarters in Columbia in the Midlands market, allows UHG to retain a light, cost-effective team and infrastructure footprint in the Upstate, Coastal and Raleigh markets. 
 
 UHG offers its team members generous benefits, including paid time off, health insurance and a 401k retirement plan. UHG values its team members and understands the importance of them to the success of the business. No UHG team members are members of a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement, there have been no work stoppages or strikes, and relations between UHG and team members are believed to be positive. UHG primarily uses subcontractors to build homes, and UHG believes it has good relationships with these subcontractors. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Available Information 
 
 UHG s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports are filed with the SEC. Such reports and other information filed by UHG with the SEC are made available free of charge on UHG s website at ir.unitedhomesgroup.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is available on the SEC s website. All of these filings with the SEC are also available to the public over the internet at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. UHG s internet address is www.unitedhomesgroup.com. Information contained on, or accessible through, these websites is not incorporated by reference into and does not constitute a part of this prospectus. UHG s principal executive offices are located at 917 Chapin Road, Chapin, South Carolina 29036 and its telephone number is (844) 766-4663. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Risks Related to UHG s Business 
 
 UHG s long-term growth depends upon its ability to acquire developed lots from affiliated land development companies (collectively, the Land Development Affiliates or other sellers, and the ability of such sellers to successfully identify and acquire desirable land parcels for residential build-out. A failure to successfully identify and acquire desirable land parcels for residential build-out could adversely affect UHG s business or financial results. 
 
 UHG s long-term growth depends upon its ability to continually acquire developed lots from its Land Development Affiliates or other sellers on favorable terms. UHG also depends upon the ability of these entities to successfully identify and acquire attractive land parcels for the construction of UHG s single-family homes at reasonable prices, and to develop such parcels in a manner that meets UHG s criteria for developed lots. In addition, because UHG employs a land-light business model, it may have access to fewer and less attractive homebuilding lots than if it owned lots outright, like some of its competitors who do not operate under a land-light model. 
 
 The ability to acquire land parcels for new single-family homes may be adversely affected by changes in the general availability of land parcels, the willingness of land sellers to sell land parcels at reasonable prices, competition for available land parcels, availability of financing to acquire land parcels, zoning, and other market conditions, and there can be no assurance that an adequate supply of land parcels will continue to be available to UHG. If the supply of land parcels appropriate for development of single-family homes is limited because of these factors, or for any other reason, UHG s ability to grow could be significantly limited, and the number of homes that UHG builds and sells could decline, which could materially and negatively affect its sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service its debt obligations and future cash flows. To the extent that UHG is unable to purchase developed lots on a timely basis and at reasonable prices, UHG s home sales revenue and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 
 UHG s geographic concentration could materially and adversely affect its business or financial results if the homebuilding industry in its current markets should decline. 
 
 UHG currently builds and sells homes in South Carolina, with a smaller presence in Georgia and North Carolina. UHG s business strategy is focused on the design, construction, and sale of single-family homes and townhomes across these key markets. A prolonged economic downturn in this region, or in a particular industry or sector of employment that is fundamental to this region, could have a material adverse effect on UHG s business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations, and a disproportionately greater impact on UHG than other homebuilders with more geographically diversified operations. 
 
 Constriction of the credit and capital markets could limit UHG s ability to access financing and increase its costs of capital. 
 
 During past economic and housing downturns, the credit markets constricted and reduced some sources of liquidity that were previously available to UHG. Consequently, UHG relied principally on its cash on hand to meet its working capital needs and repay outstanding indebtedness during those times. There likely will be similar periods in the future when financial market upheaval will increase UHG s cost of capital or limit UHG s ability to access the debt markets or obtain bank financing. During such times, UHG may not have sufficient cash on hand to meet its working capital needs and repay outstanding indebtedness. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 The homebuilding industry is capital-intensive and requires significant up-front expenditures to acquire lots and begin construction on homes. There is no assurance that cash generated from UHG s operations, borrowings incurred under its current credit agreements or project-level financing arrangements, or proceeds raised in capital markets transactions will be sufficient to finance UHG s projects or otherwise fund its liquidity needs. If UHG s future cash flows from operations and other capital resources are insufficient to finance its projects or otherwise fund its liquidity needs, it may be forced to: 
 
 reduce or delay business activities, lot acquisitions and capital expenditures; 
 sell assets; 
 obtain additional debt or equity capital; or 
 restructure or refinance all or a portion of its debt on or before maturity. 
 
 These alternative measures may not be successful and UHG may not be able to accomplish any of these alternatives on a timely basis or on satisfactory terms, if at all. In addition, the terms of UHG s existing debt may limit its ability to pursue these alternatives. Further, UHG may seek additional capital in the form of project-level financing from time to time. The availability of borrowed funds, especially for construction financing, may be greatly reduced nationally, and the lending community may require increased amounts of equity to be invested in a project by borrowers in connection with both new loans and the extension of existing loans. Construction activities may be adversely affected by any shortage or increased cost of financing or the unwillingness of third parties to engage in joint ventures. Any difficulty in obtaining sufficient capital for planned construction expenditures could cause project delays and any such delay could result in cost increases and may adversely affect UHG s sales and future results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 The risks associated with UHG s inventories could adversely affect its business or financial results. 
 
 There are risks inherent in controlling, owning and building upon finished lots and housing inventory risks are substantial for UHG s homebuilding activities. If housing demand declines, UHG may not be able to build and sell homes profitably in some target communities, and it may not be able to fully recover the costs of some of the lots it owns or which it is contracted to purchase. Also, the market value of UHG s finished lots and housing inventories may fluctuate significantly due to changes in market conditions. As a result, its deposits for lots controlled under purchase contracts may be put at risk because the measures it employs to manage inventory risk, including its land-light lot operating strategy, may not be adequate to insulate operations from a severe drop in inventory values, and it may have to sell homes for a lower profit margin or record inventory impairment charges on its lots. 
 
 Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, UHG s ability to promptly sell one or more properties for reasonable prices in response to changing economic, financial, and investment conditions may be limited, and it may be forced to hold non-income producing properties for extended periods of time. UHG cannot predict whether it will be able to sell any property for the price or on the terms that it sets or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable, nor can it predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a property. A significant deterioration in economic or homebuilding industry conditions may result in substantial inventory impairment charges. If UHG is unable to develop its communities successfully or within expected timeframes, its results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Because most of UHG s customers finance the purchase of their homes, the terms and availability of mortgage financing can affect the demand for and the ability to complete the purchase of a home, which could materially and adversely affect UHG. 
 
 A substantial majority of UHG s customers finance their home purchases through lenders that provide mortgage financing. Rising interest rates, decreased availability of mortgage financing, reduced access to certain mortgage programs, higher down payment requirements or increased monthly mortgage costs, among other factors, may lead to reduced demand for UHG s homes and mortgage loans. Mortgage interest rates have generally trended downward for the last several decades and reached historic lows in the summer of 2020, which made the homes UHG sells more affordable. However, more recently, mortgage interest rates have abruptly climbed, and UHG cannot predict whether they will continue to climb, remain at the current levels, or fall. If mortgage rates continue at current levels or climb further, the ability of prospective homebuyers to finance home purchases may be adversely affected and, as a result, UHG s business, operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
 Decreases in the availability of credit and increases in the cost of credit adversely affect the ability of homebuyers to obtain or service mortgage debt. Entry-level and first-time move-up homebuyers are the primary source of demand for UHG s new homes. Entry-level homebuyers are generally more affected by the availability of financing than other 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 potential homebuyers. In addition, many of UHG s potential move-up homebuyers must sell their existing homes in order to buy a home from UHG. Where potential homebuyers must sell their existing homes in order to buy a new home, increases in mortgage costs, lack of availability of mortgages, and/or regulatory changes could prevent the buyers of potential homebuyers existing homes from obtaining a mortgage, which would result in the inability of a significant number of UHG s potential customers to buy a new home. Similar risks apply to those buyers who are awaiting delivery of their homes and are currently in backlog. The success of homebuilders depends on the ability of potential homebuyers to obtain mortgages for the purchase of homes. If UHG s customers (or potential buyers of its customers existing homes) cannot obtain suitable financing, UHG s sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 The federal government has taken on a significant role in supporting mortgage lending through its conservatorship of the Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac ), both of which purchase home mortgages and mortgage-backed securities (MBS) originated by mortgage lenders, and its insurance of mortgages originated by lenders through the Federal Housing Administration FHA and Veterans Administration VA ). The FHA insures mortgage loans that generally have lower credit requirements and is an important source for financing the sale of UHG s homes. The secondary market for mortgage loans continues to primarily prefer securities backed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or the Government National Mortgage Association Ginnie Mae ), and UHG believes the liquidity these agencies provide to the mortgage industry is important to the housing market. The availability and affordability of mortgage loans, including interest rates for such loans, could be adversely affected by a curtailment or cessation of the federal government s mortgage-related programs or policies. Additionally, the FHA may continue to impose stricter loan qualification standards, raise minimum down payment requirements, impose higher mortgage insurance premiums and other costs, or limit the number of mortgages it insures. Due to federal budget deficits, the U.S. Treasury may not be able to continue supporting the mortgage-related activities of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, the FHA and the VA at present levels, or it may revise significantly the federal government s participation in and support of the residential mortgage market. Because the availability of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, FHA and VA-backed mortgage financing is an important factor in marketing and selling many of UHG s homes, any limitations, restrictions or changes in the availability of such government-backed financing could reduce UHG s home sales, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Increases in UHG s home cancellation rate could have a negative impact on its home sales revenue and gross profit. 
 
 UHG s backlog reflects sales contracts with homebuyers for homes that have not yet been delivered. UHG has received a deposit from a homebuyer for most homes reflected in its backlog and, generally, has the right to retain the deposit if the homebuyer fails to comply with his or her obligations under the sales contract, subject to certain exceptions, including as a result of state and local law, the homebuyer s inability to sell his or her current home or, in certain circumstances, the homebuyer s inability to obtain suitable financing. Home order cancellations negatively impact the number of closed homes, net new home orders, home sales revenue and results of operations, as well as the number of homes in backlog. Home order cancellations can result from a number of factors, including declines or slow appreciation in the market value of homes, increases in the supply of homes available to be purchased, increased competition, higher mortgage interest rates, homebuyers inability to sell their existing homes, homebuyers inability to obtain suitable financing, including providing sufficient down payments, and adverse changes in economic conditions. 
 
 An increase in the level of UHG s home order cancellations could have a negative impact on its business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Tax law changes that increase the after-tax costs of owning a home could prevent potential customers from buying UHG s homes and adversely affect its business or financial results. 
 
 Changes in federal income tax laws may affect the demand for new homes. Significant expenses of owning a home, including mortgage interest and real estate taxes, have historically been deductible expenses for an individual s U.S. federal, and in some cases, state income taxes, subject to various limitations under current tax law and policy. The Tax Cuts and the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the JOBS Act ), which became effective January 1, 2018, includes provisions which impose significant limitations with respect to these income tax deductions. For instance, the annual deduction for real estate taxes and state local income taxes (or sales in lieu of income taxes) is now generally limited to 10,000. Furthermore, through the end of 2025, the deduction for mortgage interest is generally only available with respect to the first 750,000 of a new mortgage and there is no longer a federal deduction for interest on home equity loans. If the U.S. federal government or a state government further changes its income tax laws to further eliminate or substantially limit these income tax deductions, the after-tax cost of owning a new home would further increase for many potential customers. The resulting loss or reduction of these homeowner tax deductions that have historically been available has and 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 could further reduce the perceived affordability of homeownership, and therefore the demand for and sales price of new homes, including those built by UHG. In addition, increases in property tax rates or fees on developers by local governmental authorities, as experienced in response to reduced federal and state funding or to fund local initiatives, such as funding schools or road improvements, or increases in insurance premiums can adversely affect the ability of potential customers to obtain financing or their desire to purchase new homes, and can have an adverse impact on UHG s business and financial results. 
 
 UHG cannot make any assurances that its growth strategies will be successful or will not expose it to additional risks or result in other negative consequences to its business or financial results. 
 
 UHG intends to achieve its primary business objectives by executing on its growth strategies of continuing to leverage key macro housing trends, capitalizing on strong growth in core markets, engaging in accretive mergers and acquisitions, entering into programmatic build-to-rent partnerships, and identifying ancillary revenue growth opportunities. While UHG has a record of growth and significant achievement in the past, this does not guarantee UHG will continue to perform successfully. 
 
 UHG employs a land-light lot acquisition strategy with a focus on the design, construction and sale of single-family homes and townhomes. UHG utilizes the Land Development Affiliates and other third party land developers to handle land acquisition and development to maximize UHG s profits and enhance its access to capital. Prior to 2023, UHG has not historically operated under this structure, and since land development is critical to homebuilding and sales, this measure could adversely affect its results of operations. 
 
 UHG intends to capitalize on its demonstrated operational experience to grow its market share within its existing markets and to opportunistically expand into new markets where it identifies strong economic and demographic trends that provide opportunities to build homes that meet its profit and return objectives. These strategic decisions may not advance its business strategy, provide a satisfactory return on its investment or provide any other anticipated benefits. Additionally, the execution and integration of any of these growth and expansion initiatives may not be successful and may require significant time and resources, which would divert management s attention from other operations. Any of these initiatives could also expose UHG to material liabilities not discovered in the due diligence process and may lead to litigation. If these initiatives under-perform expectations or are unsuccessful, UHG may incur significant expenses or write-offs of inventory, other assets or intangible assets such as goodwill and company brand, which would adversely affect UHG s business and financial results. 
 
 UHG may not be able to complete or successfully integrate completed acquisitions and potential future acquisitions, and may experience challenges in realizing expected benefits of each such acquisition. 
 
 During 2023, UHG completed the acquisition of selected assets of Herring Homes, LLC and the acquisition of 100 of the outstanding stock of Rosewood Communities, Inc. In January 2024, UHG completed the acquisition of selected assets of Creekside Custom Homes, LLC. From time to time, UHG may evaluate additional possible acquisitions, some of which may be material. These acquisitions may pose significant risks to UHG s existing operations if they cannot be successfully integrated. Completion of acquisitions places additional demands on UHG s managerial, operational, financial and other resources and creates operational complexity requiring additional personnel and other resources. As a result of acquisitions, UHG may enter into new markets, such as its entry into the North Carolina market as a result of the acquisition of selected assets of Herring Homes, LLC. UHG may face challenges with respect to integration of its operations in new markets. In addition, UHG may not be able to successfully finance or integrate any businesses that it acquires. Furthermore, the integration of any acquisition may divert management s time and resources from UHG s core business and disrupt its operations. Moreover, even if UHG is successful in integrating newly acquired businesses or assets, expected synergies or cost savings may not materialize, resulting in lower-than-expected benefits to UHG from such transactions. UHG may spend time and money on projects that do not increase its revenue. Additionally, when making acquisitions, it may not be possible for UHG to conduct a detailed investigation of the nature of the business or assets being acquired, for instance, due to time constraints in making the decision and other factors. UHG may become responsible for additional liabilities or obligations not foreseen at the time of an acquisition. To the extent UHG pays the purchase price of an acquisition in cash, such an acquisition would reduce its cash reserves, and, to the extent the purchase price of an acquisition is paid with UHG s stock, such an acquisition could be dilutive to UHG s stockholders. To the extent UHG pays the purchase price of an acquisition with proceeds from the incurrence of debt, such an acquisition would increase UHG s level of indebtedness and could negatively affect its liquidity and restrict its operations. Further, to the extent that the purchase price of an acquisition is paid in the form of an earn out on future financial results, the success of such an 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 acquisition will not be fully realized by UHG for a period of time as it is shared with the sellers. All of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on UHG s business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 UHG may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on its financial condition, results of operations and stock price. 
 
 UHG may be forced to write down or write off assets, including intangible assets such as goodwill, restructure operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in losses, including due to factors outside of UHG s business and control. For example, UHG has recorded intangible assets, including goodwill, in connection with the acquisition of selected assets of Herring Homes, LLC (which was accounted for as a business combination) and acquisition of common stock of Rosewood Communities, Inc. totaling 7.1 million. If UHG were to determine that a significant impairment of any such intangible assets has occurred, UHG would be required to write-off the impaired portion of intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on UHG s results of operations in the period in which the write-off occurs. Further, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with UHG s risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on UHG s liquidity, the fact that UHG reports charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about UHG or its securities. Accordingly, UHG s securities could suffer a reduction in value. 
 
 Failure to find suitable subcontractors may have a material adverse effect on UHG s standards of service. 
 
 Substantially all of UHG s construction work is done by third-party subcontractors with UHG acting as the general contractor. Accordingly, the timing and quality of UHG s construction depends on the availability and skill of its subcontractors. UHG does not have long-term contractual commitments with any subcontractors, and there can be no assurance that skilled subcontractors will continue to be available at reasonable rates and in the areas in which UHG conducts its operations. 
 
 In the future, certain of the subcontractors UHG engages with may be represented by labor unions or subject to collective bargaining arrangements that require the payment of prevailing wages that are higher than normally expected on a residential construction site. A strike or other work stoppage involving any of UHG s subcontractors could also make it difficult to retain subcontractors for its construction work. In addition, union activity could result in UHG paying higher costs to retain its subcontractors. The inability to contract with skilled subcontractors at reasonable costs on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect on UHG s business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 UHG could be adversely affected by efforts to impose joint employer liability on it for labor law violations committed by its subcontractors. 
 
 Although subcontractors are independent of the homebuilders that contract with them under normal management practices and the terms of trade contracts and subcontracts within the homebuilding industry, if regulatory agencies reclassify the employees of subcontractors as employees of homebuilders, UHG could be responsible for wage, hour, and other employment-related liabilities of its subcontractors, which could adversely affect its results of operations and business or financial results. 
 
 UHG may suffer significant financial harm and loss of reputation if it does not comply, cannot comply or is alleged to have not complied with applicable laws, rules and regulations concerning its classification and compensation practices for independent contractors. 
 
 UHG retains various independent contractors and subcontractors. With respect to these independent contractors, UHG is subject to the IRS regulations and applicable state law guidelines regarding independent contractor classification. These regulations and guidelines are subject to judicial and agency interpretation, and it might be determined that the independent contractor classification is inapplicable to any sales agents, vendors or any other entity characterized as an independent contractor. Further, if legal standards for the classification of independent contractors change or appear to be changing, UHG may need to modify its compensation and benefits structure for such independent contractors, including by paying additional compensation or reimbursing expenses. 
 
 There can be no assurance that legislative, judicial, administrative or regulatory (including tax) authorities will not introduce proposals or assert interpretations of existing rules and regulations that would change the independent contractor classification of any individual or vendor currently characterized as independent contractors doing business with UHG. Potential changes, if any, with respect to such classification could have a significant effect on UHG s operating model. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Further, the costs associated with any such potential changes could have a significant effect on UHG s results of operations and financial condition if it were unable to pass through an increase in price corresponding to such increased costs to its customers. Additionally, UHG could incur substantial costs, penalties and damages, including back pay, unpaid benefits, taxes, expense reimbursement and attorneys fees in defending future challenges to its employment classification or compensation practices. 
 
 UHG is required to obtain performance bonds and other government approvals, the unavailability of which could adversely affect its results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 UHG is often required to provide surety bonds to secure its performance or obligations under construction contracts, development agreements and other arrangements. Its ability to obtain surety bonds primarily depends upon its credit rating, financial condition, past performance and other factors, including the capacity of the surety market and the underwriting practices of surety bond issuers. The ability to obtain surety bonds also can be impacted by the willingness of insurance companies to issue performance bonds for construction and development activities. In addition, some municipalities and governmental authorities have been reluctant to accept surety bonds and instead require enhancements such as cash deposits or letters of credit, in order to maintain existing bonds or to issue new bonds. If UHG is unable to obtain surety bonds when required, or if it is required to provide credit enhancements with respect to its current or future bonds or in place of bonds, its results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 
 UHG may suffer uninsured losses or suffer material losses in excess of insurance limits adversely affecting its business or financial results. 
 
 Material losses or liabilities in excess of insurance proceeds may occur in the future. UHG could suffer physical damage to property and liabilities resulting in losses that may not be fully compensated by insurance. In addition, certain types of risks, such as personal injury claims, may be, or may become in the future, either uninsurable or not economically insurable, or may not be currently or in the future covered by UHG s insurance policies. The costs of insuring against construction defect, product liability and director and officer claims are substantial, and the cost of insurance for UHG s operations may rise, deductibles and retentions may increase, and the availability of insurance may diminish. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, UHG could sustain financial loss or lose capital invested in the affected property as well as anticipated future income from that property. In addition, it could be liable to repair damage or meet liabilities caused by uninsured risks and may also be liable for any debt or other financial obligations related to affected property. Material losses or liabilities in excess of insurance proceeds may occur in the future. 
 
 In the United States, the coverage offered and the availability of general liability insurance for construction defects is currently limited and is costly. As a result, an increasing number of UHG s subcontractors in the United States may be unable to obtain insurance. If UHG cannot effectively recover construction defect liabilities and costs of defense from its subcontractors or their insurers, or if it has self-insured liabilities, it may suffer losses. Coverage may be further restricted and become even more costly. Such circumstances could adversely affect UHG s business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 UHG is subject to litigation and other legal proceedings that could harm its business if an unfavorable ruling were to occur. 
 
 From time to time, UHG is involved in litigation and other legal proceedings relating to claims arising from its operations in the normal course of business. UHG is currently subject to certain legal proceedings. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings may occur. These or other litigation or legal proceedings could materially affect UHG s ability to conduct its business in the manner that it expects or otherwise adversely affect UHG should an unfavorable ruling occur. 
 
 A major health and safety incident relating to UHG s business could be costly in terms of potential liabilities and reputational damage. 
 
 Operating in the homebuilding industry poses certain inherent health and safety risks and building sites are inherently dangerous. Due to health and safety regulatory requirements and the number of projects UHG works on, health and safety performance is critical to the success of all areas of its business. Any failure in health and safety performance may result in penalties for non-compliance with relevant regulatory requirements or litigation, and a failure that results in a major or significant health and safety incident is likely to be costly in terms of potential liabilities incurred as a result. Such a failure could generate significant negative publicity and have a corresponding impact on UHG s reputation, its 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 relationships with relevant regulatory agencies, governmental authorities and local communities, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Difficulties with appraisal valuations in relation to the proposed sales price of UHG s homes could force UHG to reduce the price of its homes for sale. 
 
 UHG s home sales may require an appraisal of each home value before closing. Appraisals are professional judgments of the market value of the property and are based on a variety of market factors. If UHG s internal valuations of the market and pricing do not line up with the appraisal valuations and appraisals are not at or near the agreed upon sales price, UHG may be forced to reduce the sales price of the home to complete the sale. These appraisal issues could have a material adverse effect on UHG s business and results of operations. 
 
 Fluctuations in real estate values may require UHG to write-down the book value of its real estate assets. The homebuilding industry is subject to significant variability and fluctuations in real estate values. As a result, UHG may be required to write-down the book value of its real estate assets in accordance with GAAP, and some of those write-downs could be material. Any material write-downs of assets could have a material adverse effect on UHG s business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 UHG may not be able to compete effectively against competitors in the homebuilding industry. 
 
 UHG operates in a very competitive environment which is characterized by competition from a number of other homebuilders in each market in which it operates. Additionally, there are relatively low barriers to entry into the business. UHG competes with numerous large national and regional homebuilding companies and with smaller local homebuilders and land developers for, among other things, home buyers, desirable land parcels, financing, raw materials and skilled management and labor resources. These competitors may independently develop land and construct housing units that are superior or substantially similar to UHG s products. Increased competition could hurt UHG s business, as it could prevent UHG from acquiring attractive lots on which to build homes or make such acquisitions more expensive, hinder its market share expansion and cause it to increase its selling incentives and reduce its prices. If UHG is unable to compete effectively in its markets, its business could decline disproportionately to its competitors, and its results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 UHG may be at a competitive disadvantage with regard to certain of its large national and regional homebuilding competitors whose operations are more geographically diversified than UHG s, as these competitors may be better able to withstand any future regional downturn in the housing market. UHG competes directly with a number of large national and regional homebuilders that may have longer operating histories and greater financial and operational resources than UHG. Many of these competitors also have longstanding relationships with subcontractors and suppliers in the markets in which UHG operates. This may give competitors an advantage in securing materials and labor at lower prices, marketing their products and allowing their homes to be delivered to customers more quickly and at more favorable prices. This competition could reduce UHG s market share and limit its ability to expand the business as planned. 
 
 UHG s mortgage brokering joint venture may not be able to compete effectively in this area. 
 
 UHG participates in the brokering of mortgage loans through its engagement in its joint venture mortgage brokerage company, Homeowners Mortgage, which was recently launched and brokers loans for financing UHG s home sales. The competitors to Homeowners Mortgage include mortgage brokers and lenders, including national, regional and local mortgage brokers, banks, and other financial institutions. Some of these competitors are subject to fewer governmental regulations and have greater access to capital than Homeowners Mortgage, and some of them may operate with different criteria. These competitors may offer a broader or more attractive array of financing and other products and services to potential customers than Homeowners Mortgage. For these reasons, Homeowners Mortgage, and therefore UHG, may not be able to compete effectively in the mortgage banking business. 
 
 Homeowners Mortgage may be adversely affected by changes in governmental regulation. 
 
 Changes in governmental regulation with respect to mortgage brokers and lenders could adversely affect the financial results of Homeowners Mortgage, which in turn could adversely affect UHG s business. Homeowners Mortgage is subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, which, among other things: prohibit discrimination and establish underwriting guidelines; require appraisals and/or credit reports on prospective borrowers and disclosure of 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 certain information concerning credit and settlement costs; establish maximum loan amounts; prohibit predatory lending practices; and regulate the referral of business to affiliated entities. 
 
 The regulatory environment for mortgage lending is complex and ever changing and has led to an increase in the number of audits, examinations and investigations in the industry. The 2008 housing downturn resulted in numerous changes in the regulatory framework of the financial services industry. Any changes or new enactments could result in more stringent compliance standards, which could adversely affect UHG s financial condition and results of operations and the market perception of its business. Additionally, if Homeowners Mortgage is unable to broker mortgages for any reason going forward, its customers may experience significant mortgage loan funding issues, which could have a negative impact on UHG s homebuilding business. 
 
 UHG s business and financial results could be adversely affected by significant inflation, higher interest rates or deflation. 
 
 Inflation can adversely affect UHG by increasing costs of the lots, materials and labor it needs to operate its business. In addition, significant inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates, which have a negative impact on housing affordability, thereby further decreasing demand. In a highly inflationary environment, depending on industry and other economic conditions, UHG may be precluded from raising home prices enough to keep up with the rate of inflation, which could reduce its profit margins. Moreover, in a highly inflationary environment, UHG s cost of capital, labor and materials can increase, and the purchasing power of its cash resources can decline, which could have an adverse impact on its business or financial results. 
 
 Alternatively, a significant period of deflation could cause a decrease in overall spending and borrowing levels. This could lead to deterioration in economic conditions, including an increase in the rate of unemployment. Deflation could also cause the value of UHG s inventories to decline or reduce the value of existing homes below the related mortgage loan balance, which could potentially increase the supply of existing homes. These, or other factors that increase the risk of significant deflation, could have a negative impact on UHG s business or financial results. 
 
 Public health issues such as a major epidemic or pandemic could adversely affect UHG s business or financial results. 
 
 The United States and other countries have experienced, and may experience in the future, outbreaks of contagious diseases that affect public health and public perception of health risk, including the COVID-19 pandemic. In response to the World Health Organization s declaration of the COVID-19 pandemic, federal, state and local governments and private entities mandated various restrictions, requiring closure of non-essential businesses for a period of time. In all of the municipalities in which UHG operates, residential construction and financial services were deemed essential businesses as part of critical infrastructure, and UHG was able to continue its homebuilding operations in those markets. UHG implemented operational protocols to comply with social distancing and other health and safety standards as required by federal, state and local government agencies, taking into consideration guidelines of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other public health authorities. 
 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, UHG experienced supply-chain issues that delayed deliveries. UHG may experience supply-chain and other impacts from quarantines, market downturns, and changes in consumer behavior related to pandemics in the future. The extent to which a pandemic may impact UHG s business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the ultimate geographic spread of such outbreaks; the severity of the virus; the duration of the outbreak; the imposition and duration of travel restrictions; business closures imposed by the governments of impacted countries, states, and municipalities; the implementation, rollout, and efficacy of vaccines; and any new information that may emerge concerning the severity of the virus and the actions to contain its impact. 
 
 Risks Related to the Homebuilding Industry 
 
 The homebuilding industry is cyclical and affected by changes in general economic, real estate or other conditions that could adversely affect UHG s business or financial results. 
 
 The residential homebuilding industry is highly cyclical and can be significantly affected by changes in local and general economic conditions that are outside of UHG s control, including changes in: 
 
 the availability of construction and permanent mortgages; 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 the supply of developable land in markets in which UHG operates; 
 the supply of building materials and appliances; 
 consumer confidence, income and spending generally and the confidence, income and spending of potential homebuyers in particular; 
 levels of employment, job and personal income growth, and household debt-to-income levels; 
 the availability and costs of financing for homebuyers; 
 private and federal mortgage financing programs and federal, state, and local regulation of lending practices related to the purchase of homes; 
 short- and long-term interest rates; 
 federal and state income tax provisions, including provisions for the deduction of mortgage interest payments; 
 real estate taxes; 
 inflation; 
 the ability of existing homeowners to sell their existing homes at prices that are acceptable to them; 
 housing demand from population growth and other demographic changes (including immigration levels and trends in urban and suburban migration); 
 the supply of new or existing homes and other housing alternatives to new homes, such as apartments, foreclosed homes, homes held for sale by investors, and other existing residential and rental property; 
 inclement weather, natural disasters, other calamities and other environmental conditions that can delay the delivery of UHG s homes and/or increase its costs; 
 demographic trends; and 
 U.S. and global financial system and credit markets, including stock market and credit market volatility. 
 
 Adverse changes in these general and local economic conditions or a downturn in the broader economy would have a negative impact on UHG s business and financial results. Changes in these economic conditions may affect some of UHG s regions or markets more than others. If adverse conditions affect the larger markets that UHG serves, they could have a disproportionately greater impact on UHG than on other homebuilding companies. In addition, an important segment of UHG s customer base consists of first-time and second-time move-up buyers, who often purchase homes subject to contingencies related to the sale of their existing homes, and therefore will be affected by downturn in the resale market. Further, UHG also competes with the resale, or previously owned, home market. The difficulties facing these buyers in selling their homes during periods of economic downturn may adversely affect UHG s sales, and moreover, during such periods UHG may need to reduce its sale prices and offer greater incentives to buyers to compete for sales, which may reduce its margins. 
 
 In the past, the federal government s fiscal and trade policies and economic stimulus actions have created uncertainty in the financial markets and caused volatility in interest rates, which impacted business and consumer behavior, particularly in the real estate industry. Monetary policy actions affecting interest rates or fiscal policy actions and new legislation related to taxation, spending levels or borrowing limits, along with the related political debates, conflicts and compromises associated with such actions, may negatively impact the financial markets and consumer confidence. Such events could hurt the U.S. economy and the housing market and, in turn, could adversely affect the operating results of UHG s businesses. 
 
 Weather conditions and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes, and heavy or prolonged precipitation, can harm UHG s business. These can delay UHG s home construction and home closings, adversely affect the cost or availability of materials or labor or damage homes under construction. The climate and geology of the states in which UHG operates have experienced recent natural disasters and present increased risks of adverse weather or natural disasters. 
 
 Any of the foregoing adverse changes in general economic, real estate or other conditions may cause potential customers to be less willing or able to buy UHG s homes. In the future, UHG s pricing and product strategies may also be limited by market conditions. UHG may be unable to change the mix of its home offerings, reduce the costs of the homes it builds, offer homes at lower prices or satisfactorily address changing market conditions in other ways without adversely affecting its profits and returns. In addition, cancellations of home sales contracts in backlog may increase if homebuyers do not honor their contracts due to any of the factors discussed above. 
 
 Homebuilding is subject to home warranty and construction defect claims in the ordinary course of business that can be significant, and reliance on subcontractors exposes builders such as UHG to regulatory risks that could adversely affect business or financial results. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 UHG is subject to home warranty and construction defect claims arising in the ordinary course of its homebuilding business. UHG relies on subcontractors to perform the actual construction of its homes, and in many cases, to select and obtain construction materials. Despite UHG s detailed specifications and monitoring of the construction process, its subcontractors may not meet adequate quality standards in the construction of its homes. When UHG finds these issues, it repairs them in accordance with its warranty obligations. Additionally, UHG is subject to construction defect claims which can be costly to defend and resolve in the legal system. Warranty and construction defect matters can also result in negative publicity in the media and on the internet, which can damage UHG s reputation and adversely affect its ability to sell homes. 
 
 Based on the large number of homes UHG has sold over the years, its potential liabilities related to warranty and construction defect claims are significant. As a consequence, UHG maintains product liability insurance, and seeks to obtain indemnities and certificates of insurance from subcontractors covering claims related to their workmanship and materials. UHG establishes warranty and other reserves for the homes it sells based on its historical experience in its markets and its judgment of the qualitative risks associated with the types of homes built. Because of the uncertainties inherent to these matters, UHG cannot provide assurance that its insurance coverage, its subcontractor arrangements and its reserves will be adequate to address all of its future warranty and construction defect claims. Contractual indemnities can be difficult to enforce against subcontractors, and some types of claims may not be covered by insurance or may exceed applicable coverage limits. Additionally, the coverage offered by and the availability of product liability insurance for construction defects is limited and costly. There can be no assurance that coverage will not be further restricted or become more costly. If costs to resolve future warranty and construction defect claims exceed UHG s estimates, its financial results and liquidity could be adversely affected. 
 
 Supply shortages and other risks related to acquiring lots, building materials and skilled labor could increase UHG s costs and delay deliveries causing an adverse effect on UHG s business or financial results. 
 
 The homebuilding industry has from time to time experienced significant difficulties that can affect the cost or timing of construction, including: 
 
 difficulty in acquiring lots suitable for residential building at affordable prices in locations where potential customers want to live; 
 shortages of qualified subcontractors and skilled labor; 
 reliance on local subcontractors, manufacturers, distributors and land developers who may be inadequately capitalized; 
 shortages of materials; and 
 significant increases in the cost of materials, particularly increases in the price of lumber, drywall and cement, which are significant components of home construction costs. 
 
 These lots, labor and materials shortages can be more severe during periods of strong demand for housing or during periods where the regions in which UHG operates experience natural disasters that have a significant impact on existing residential and commercial structures. The cost of labor and materials may also increase during periods of shortages or high inflation. In addition, tariffs, duties and/or trade restrictions imposed or increased on imported materials and goods that are used in connection with the construction and delivery of UHG s homes, including steel, aluminum and lumber, may raise its costs for these items or for the products made with them. These factors may cause construction delays or cause UHG to incur more costs building its homes. If the level of new home demand increases significantly in future periods, the risk of shortages and cost increases in residential lots, labor and materials available to the homebuilding industry will likely increase. 
 
 Governmental regulations and environmental matters could increase the cost and limit the availability of UHG s homebuilding projects and adversely affect its business or financial results. 
 
 UHG is subject to extensive and complex regulations that affect home construction, including zoning, density restrictions, building design and building standards. Projects that are not fully permitted and approved may be subjected to periodic delays, changes in use, less intensive development or elimination of development in certain specific areas due to government regulations. UHG may also be subject to periodic delays or may be precluded entirely from developing in certain communities due to building moratoriums or slow-growth or no-growth initiatives that could be implemented in the future. These regulations often provide broad discretion to the administering governmental authorities as to the conditions UHG must meet prior to construction being approved, if approved at all. UHG is subject to determinations by these authorities as to the adequacy of water or sewage facilities, roads or other local services. Government authorities in 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 many markets have implemented no growth or growth-control initiatives. New housing developments may also be subject to various assessments for schools, parks, streets and other public improvements. Any of these may limit, delay or increase the costs of home construction. From time to time UHG receives notices of complaint from the South Carolina Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation, Division of Professional and Occupational Licensing, Office of Investigations and Enforcement LLR ). These complaints arise when a UHG customer contacts LLR complaining of substandard work or other standards or code violations. There is one LLR matter that is currently outstanding against UHG; however, UHG has responded to this matter and has worked with the customer in an effort to resolve their concerns. UHG believes this matter will be dismissed and closed. 
 
 UHG is also subject to a significant number and variety of local, state and federal laws and regulations concerning protection of health, safety, labor standards and the environment. The impact of environmental laws varies depending upon the prior uses of the building site or adjoining properties and may be greater in areas with less supply where undeveloped land or desirable alternatives are less available. These matters may result in delays, may cause UHG to incur substantial compliance, remediation, mitigation and other costs, and can prohibit or severely restrict development and homebuilding activity in environmentally sensitive regions or areas. Government agencies also routinely initiate audits, reviews or investigations of developers and homebuilders business practices to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, which could cause UHG to incur costs or create other disruptions in its business that can be significant. 
 
 Under various environmental laws, current or former owners of real estate, as well as certain other categories of parties, may be required to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases, and may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for related damages, including for bodily injury, and for investigation or clean-up costs incurred by such parties in connection with the contamination. A mitigation system may be installed during the construction of a home if cleanup does not remove all contaminants of concern or to address a naturally occurring condition such as methane. Some buyers may not want to purchase a home with a mitigation system. 
 
 Government restrictions, standards, or regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions or potential climate change impacts are likely to result in restrictions on land development in certain areas and may increase energy, transportation, or raw material costs, which could reduce UHG s profit margins and adversely affect its results of operations. 
 
 The subcontractors UHG relies on to perform the actual construction of its homes are also subject to a significant number of local, state and federal laws and regulations, including laws involving matters that are not within UHG s control. If the subcontractors who construct UHG s homes fail to comply with all applicable laws, UHG can suffer reputational damage and may be exposed to possible liability, either or both of which could adversely affect its business or financial results. 
 
 Natural disasters, severe weather and adverse geologic conditions may increase costs, cause project delays and reduce consumer demand for housing, all of which could materially and adversely affect UHG. 
 
 UHG s homebuilding operations are located in areas that are subject to natural disasters, severe weather or adverse geologic conditions. These include, but are not limited to, hurricanes, tornadoes, droughts, floods, prolonged periods of precipitation, soil subsidence, and other natural disasters. For example, UHG operates in a number of locations in the Southeast that have been adversely impacted by severe weather conditions and hurricanes. The occurrence of any of these events could damage UHG s lots and projects, cause delays in completion of UHG s projects, reduce consumer demand for housing and cause shortages and price increases in labor or raw materials, any of which could affect UHG s sales and profitability. In addition to directly damaging UHG s lots or projects, many of these natural events could damage roads and highways providing access to UHG s assets or affect the desirability of UHG s lots or projects, thereby adversely affecting UHG s ability to market and sell homes in those areas and possibly increasing the costs of homebuilding completion. Furthermore, the occurrence of natural disasters, severe weather and other adverse geologic conditions has increased in recent years due to climate change and may continue to increase in the future. Climate change may have the effect of making the risks described above occur more frequently and more severely, which could amplify the adverse impact on UHG s business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to UHG s Financing and Indebtedness 
 
 UHG has significant amounts of debt and may incur additional debt. Incurrence of additional debt or a default under any of UHG s loan agreements or the convertible notes could affect UHG s financial health and its ability to raise additional capital to fund its operations or potential acquisitions. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2023, UHG s consolidated homebuilding debt was approximately 77.2 million, which was secured by inventory, and carried a weighted average interest rate of 8.13 as of December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, UHG s convertible notes had an outstanding balance of approximately 68.0 million, bearing interest at a fixed rate of 15 . See Note 9 - Homebuilding debt and other affiliate debt and Note 14 - Convertible note payable of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report. The amount and the maturities of UHG s debt could have important consequences on UHG s cash flows and results of operations. For example, UHG s obligations to service its debt facilities could require the dedication of a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to payment of debt and reduce the ability to use cash flow for other operating or investing purposes; limit the flexibility to adjust to changes in business or economic conditions; and limit the ability to obtain future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements or other requirements. The covenants, restrictions or limitations in UHG s debt facilities could limit its ability to plan for or react to market or economic conditions or meet capital needs or otherwise restrict its activities or business plans and adversely affect its ability to finance operations, acquisition, investments or strategic alliances or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities that would be in its interest. 
 
 UHG s existing financing agreements contain, and the financing arrangements UHG enters into in the future likely will contain, covenants that limit UHG s ability to take certain actions. UHG s revolving credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo (the Wells Fargo Facility contains significant restrictions on UHG s ability to incur additional debt. The Wells Fargo Facility also contains affirmative, negative, and financial covenants, including (a) a minimum tangible net worth of no less than the sum of (i) 70 million, (ii) 25 of positive consolidated earnings earned in any fiscal quarter, (iii) 100 of new equity contributed to the Borrower (as defined in the Wells Fargo Facility), (iv) 100 of any increase in tangible net worth resulting from an equity issuance upon the conversion or exchange of any security constituting indebtedness that is convertible or exchangeable, or is being converted or exchanged, for equity interests; and (v) 100 of the amount of any repurchase of equity interests in the Company; (b) a maximum leverage covenant that prohibits the leverage ratio from exceeding 2.25 to 1.00; (c) a minimum debt service coverage ratio to be no less than 2.00 to 1.00 for any fiscal quarter; (d) a minimum liquidity amount of not less than the greater of (y) 30,000,000 or (z) an amount equal to 1.5 times the trailing twelve month interest incurred; and (e) unrestricted cash of not less than 50 of the liquidity required at all times. 
 
 If UHG fails to comply with the covenants, restrictions or limitations in its financing arrangements, UHG would be in default under such financing arrangements and its lenders could elect to declare outstanding amounts due and payable and terminate their commitments. A default also could significantly limit UHG s financing alternatives, which could cause UHG to curtail its investment activities and/or dispose of assets when it otherwise would not choose to do so. In addition, future indebtedness UHG obtains may contain financial covenants limiting its ability to, for example, incur additional indebtedness, make certain investments, reduce liquidity below certain levels and pay dividends to its stockholders and otherwise affect its operating policies. If UHG defaults on one or more of its debt agreements, it could have a material adverse effect on UHG s business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Failure to further extend the Wells Fargo Facility in 2026 could have a material adverse effect on UHG s ability to meet the financing requirements of its business. 
 
 The Wells Fargo Facility has a stated maturity date in 2026, which date may be extended by one year upon UHG s request and subject to the terms of the Wells Fargo Facility. If, at such time, UHG is unable to extend the Wells Fargo Facility or find a new source of borrowing on acceptable terms, UHG will be required to pay down the amounts outstanding under the Wells Fargo Facility, which may require UHG to sell assets, seek additional equity financing (which will result in additional dilution to stockholders) or reduce or delay capital expenditures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on UHG s operations and financial condition. If UHG does not have sufficient funds and is otherwise unable to arrange financing, its assets may be foreclosed upon which could have a material adverse effect on UHG s business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, UHG would be restricted in its ability to acquire new investments, and UHG s independent registered public accounting firm could raise an issue as to UHG s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 UHG may be unable to obtain additional financing to fund its operations and growth. 
 
 UHG may require additional financing to fund its operations or growth, which might not be available on terms that are favorable or acceptable, or at all. If UHG is required to seek financing to fund its working capital requirements, volatility in credit or capital markets may restrict its flexibility to successfully obtain additional financing on terms acceptable to UHG, or at all. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of UHG. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Servicing UHG s debt, including the convertible notes, requires a significant amount of cash, and it may not have sufficient cash flow to pay its substantial debt, which could adversely impact its business and financial results. 
 
 UHG s ability to meet its debt service obligations, including the convertible notes (the Notes ), will depend, in part, upon its future financial performance. Future results are subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report. UHG s revenues and earnings vary with the level of general economic activity in the markets it serves. Its business is also affected by financial, political, business and other factors, many of which are beyond its control. The factors that affect its ability to generate cash can also affect its ability to raise additional funds for these purposes through the sale of debt or equity, the refinancing of debt or the sale of assets. Changes in prevailing interest rates may affect the cost of UHG s debt service obligations because borrowings under the Wells Fargo Facility bear interest at floating rates. 
 
 The Wells Fargo Credit Facility, the Note Purchase Agreement, and Notes contain terms which restrict UHG s current and future operations, particularly UHG s ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. 
 
 The Wells Fargo Credit Facility and the Notes contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on UHG and may limit UHG s ability to engage in acts that may be in UHG s long-term best interest, including, among other things, restrictions on UHG s ability to, in certain instances: 
 
 change UHG s governing documents or capital structure in a manner that adversely affects the investors in the Notes; 
 incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; 
 issue preferred stock; 
 pay dividends and make other distributions on, or redeem or repurchase, capital stock; 
 amend, modify or supplement any existing equity incentive plan or enter into or adopt any new equity incentive plan; and 
 enter into an agreement with respect to any acquisition of another business or person that requires payment of consideration greater than 400 of such business s or person s earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization during the previous year. 
 
 As a result of these restrictions, UHG will be limited as to how it conducts its business and may be unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. The terms of any future indebtedness UHG may incur could include more restrictive covenants. UHG cannot make any assurances that it will be able to maintain compliance with these covenants in the future and, if UHG fails to do so, that UHG will be able to obtain waivers from the lenders or investors in the Notes and/or amend the covenants. 
 
 UHG s failure to comply with the restrictive covenants described above and/or the terms of any future indebtedness from time to time could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in UHG s being required to repay these applicable borrowing before its due date and the termination of future funding commitments by UHG s lenders. If UHG is forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms or cannot refinance these borrowings, UHG s results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Adverse developments affecting financial institutions, including bank failures, could adversely affect UHG s liquidity and financial performance. 
 
 UHG holds domestic cash deposits in Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insured banks which exceed the FDIC insurance limits. Bank failures, events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance, or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, or concerns or rumors about such events, may lead to liquidity constraints. The failure of banks, or other adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets impacting financial institutions at which UHG maintains balances, could adversely impact UHG s liquidity and financial performance. There can be no assurance that UHG s deposits in excess of the FDIC or other comparable insurance limits will be backstopped by the U.S. or that any bank or financial institution with which UHG does business will be able to obtain needed liquidity from other banks, government institutions, or by acquisition in the event of a failure or liquidity crisis. Adverse developments affecting financial institutions, including bank failures, could adversely affect UHG s liquidity and financial performance. 
 
 Additionally if such banks or financial institutions, or any substitute or additional banks or financial institutions, participate in the Wells Fargo Facility, adverse developments may result in such bank or financial instituting defaulting 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 under such facility. Under the Wells Fargo Facility, non-defaulting lenders are not unconditionally obligated to cover or acquire a defaulting lender s respective commitment to fund loans or to issue letters of credit, and may not issue additional letters of credit if UHG does not enter into arrangements to address the risk with respect to the defaulting lender (which may include cash collateral). If the non-defaulting lenders are unable or unwilling to cover or acquire a defaulting lender s respective commitment, potentially due to other demands they face under other credit instruments to which they are party, or because of regulatory restrictions, among other factors, UHG may not be able to access the Wells Fargo Facility s full borrowing or letter of credit capacity. 
 
 Risks Related to UHG s Organization and Structure 
 
 As a result of UHG s CEO s relationship with UHG and the Land Development Affiliates, conflicts of interest may arise with respect to any transactions involving both UHG and one or more of the Land Development Affiliates, and the interests of UHG s CEO may not be aligned with the interest of UHG s stockholders. 
 
 UHG has transferred substantially all of the undeveloped land and land under development previously owned by it to the Land Development Affiliates. UHG s subsidiaries enter into developed lot purchase agreements with the Land Development Affiliates, pursuant to which such subsidiaries expect to purchase developed lots. 
 
 Michael Nieri is the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of UHG and is also an owner and board member of Pennington Communities, LLC, an entity formed to be the sole manager of each of the Land Development Affiliates. Lots developed from land owned by the Land Development Affiliates will be sold to UHG at fair market value. The UHG Related Party Transactions Committee has established and monitors procedures to be followed to ensure that sale prices reflect actual fair market value and will review all agreements and transactions entered into or to be entered into involving any of the Land Development Affiliates and UHG to ensure any such agreements and transactions are at arm s length. However, because Mr. Nieri has material interests in the Land Development Affiliates, there may be situations in which UHG s interests and Mr. Nieri s interests are inherently not fully aligned in transactions that involve both UHG and one or more of the Land Development Affiliates, and in some cases Mr. Nieri s interests may directly conflict with the interest of UHG. These conflicts may include, without limitation: conflicts arising from the enforcement of agreements between UHG and the Land Development Affiliates; conflicts in determining whether UHG may be able to obtain more beneficial terms by purchasing lots from other third-party developers; and conflicts in determining the terms of current or future agreements and transactions. These conflicts of interest may result in transactions whose terms or outcomes are less favorable to UHG than would otherwise be the case without such arrangements with the Land Development Affiliates. 
 
 The dual class structure of UHG s common stock has the effect of concentrating voting power with UHG s CEO, which may effectively eliminate the ability of holders of UHG s Class A common stock to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control. 
 
 UHG s Class A common stock has one vote per share, and UHG s Class B common stock has two votes per share. All of UHG s Class B common stock is held by Michael Nieri, UHG s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors, and family trusts established for the benefit of certain of Mr. Nieri s family members (such trusts collectively, the Nieri Trusts ). As a result, Mr. Nieri and the Nieri Trusts control a majority of the voting power of the outstanding UHG Common Shares. Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single class on all matters presented to UHG s stockholders for their vote or approval, except as otherwise required by applicable law or UHG s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Accordingly, Nr. Nieri and the Nieri Trusts will likely effectively control all matters submitted to the stockholders, including the election of directors, amendments of organizational documents, compensation matters, and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of UHG s assets, or other major corporate transaction requiring stockholder approval. Even if Mr. Nieri s and the Nieri Trusts control constitutes less than a majority of the voting power of the outstanding UHG Common Shares, the extent of the influence that they have over UHG may be substantial. 
 
 Mr. Nieri may have interests that differ from those of other UHG stockholders and may vote in a way with which other stockholders disagree, and which may be adverse to other stockholders interests. This concentrated control is likely to have the effect of limiting the likelihood of an unsolicited merger proposal, unsolicited tender offer, or proxy contest for the removal of directors. As a result, UHG s dual class structure, coupled with Mr. Nieri s and the Nieri Trusts concentration of stock ownership, may have the effect of depriving the UHG s stockholders of an opportunity to sell their shares at a premium over prevailing market prices and make it more difficult to replace directors and management. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 UHG is a controlled company within the meaning of the applicable rules of Nasdaq and, as a result, may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. If UHG relies on these exemptions, its stockholders will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such requirements. 
 
 Michael Nieri and the Nieri Trusts control a majority of the voting power of the outstanding UHG Common Shares, and UHG is therefore a controlled company within the meaning of applicable rules of Nasdaq. Under these rules, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements: 
 
 that a majority of the Board of Directors consists of independent directors; 
 for an annual performance evaluation of the nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees; 
 that the controlled company has a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 
 that the controlled company has a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibility. 
 
 While UHG has not relied on these exemptions, UHG may use these exemptions in the future. As a result, UHG s stockholders may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. 
 
 UHG depends on key personnel whose untimely departure could adversely impact its business and financial results. 
 
 UHG s success depends to a significant degree upon the contributions of certain key personnel who would be difficult to replace, including, but not limited to, Michael Nieri, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. There is no guarantee that he will remain employed with UHG. If any of UHG s key personnel were to cease employment with it, its operating results could suffer. Further, the process of attracting and retaining suitable replacements for key personnel whose services it may lose would result in transition costs and would divert the attention of other members of senior management from existing operations. The loss of services from key personnel or a limitation in their availability could materially and adversely impact UHG s business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, such a loss could be negatively perceived in the capital markets. UHG has not obtained and does not expect to obtain key man life insurance that would provide it with proceeds in the event of death or disability of any of its key personnel. 
 
 UHG s corporate organizational documents and provisions of state law to which it is subject contain certain provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, make more difficult, or prevent an attempted acquisition that stockholders may favor or an attempted replacement of the Board of Directors or management. 
 
 UHG s governing documents have anti-takeover effects and may delay, discourage, or prevent an attempted acquisition or change of control or a replacement of the incumbent Board of Directors or management. The governing documents include provisions that: 
 
 empower the Board of Directors, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock, the terms of which, including voting power, are to be set by the Board of Directors; 
 eliminate cumulative voting in elections of directors; 
 permit the Board of Directors to alter, amend, or repeal the company s bylaws or to adopt new bylaws; 
 provide for a staggered Board of Directors with approximately one-third of UHG s directors in each class, with the effect that generally, no more than one-third of UHG s directors may be elected at any annual meeting of stockholders; and 
 enable the Board of Directors to increase, between annual meetings, the number of persons serving as directors and to fill the vacancies created as a result of the increase by a majority vote of the directors present at a meeting of directors. 
 
 These provisions may delay, discourage, or prevent an attempted acquisition or change in control. 
 
 UHG may change its operational policies, investment guidelines, and business and growth strategies without stockholder consent which may subject it to different and more significant risks in the future that may adversely impact its business and financial results. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

The Board of Directors determines UHG s operational policies, investment guidelines, and business and growth strategies. The Board of Directors may make changes to, or approve transactions that deviate from, those policies, guidelines, and strategies without a vote of, or notice to, stockholders. This could result in UHG conducting operational matters, making investments, or pursuing different business or growth strategies than those contemplated in this Annual Report. Under any of these circumstances, UHG may expose itself to different and more significant risks in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Any joint venture investments that UHG makes could be adversely affected by its lack of sole decision-making authority, its reliance on co-ventures financial conditions, and disputes between it and its co-ventures. 
 
 UHG currently has joint venture investments in its joint venture mortgage company and may co-invest in the future with third parties through partnerships, joint ventures, or other entities, acquiring non-controlling interests in or sharing responsibility for managing the affairs of a land acquisition and/or a development. For such joint venture investments, UHG would not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the acquisition and/or development, and its investment may be illiquid due to its lack of control. Investments in partnerships, joint ventures, or other entities may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that partners or co-ventures might become bankrupt, fail to fund their share of required capital contributions, make poor business decisions, or block or delay necessary decisions. Partners or co-venturers may have economic or other business interests or goals which are inconsistent with UHG s business interests or goals and may be in a position to take actions contrary to UHG s policies or objectives. Such investments may also have the potential risk of impasses on decisions, such as a sale, because neither UHG nor the partner or co-venturer would have full control over the partnership or joint venture. Disputes between UHG and partners or co-venturers may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase UHG s expenses and prevent its officers and/or directors from focusing their time and effort on its business. In addition, UHG may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of its third-party partners or co-venturers. 
 
 Provisions in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against the directors and officers of UHG. 
 
 UHG s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that unless UHG consents to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action brought by a stockholder on behalf of UHG, (ii) any claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of UHG s directors, officers, stockholders, or employees, (iii) any claim against UHG arising under its charter or bylaws or the DGCL and (iv) any claim against UHG governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation designates the United States District Court for the District of Delaware as the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 
 
 This exclusive forum provision will not apply to claims under the Exchange Act but will apply to other state and federal law claims including actions arising under the Securities Act. Section 22 of the Securities Act, however, created concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a forum selection provision as written in connection with claims arising under the Securities Act. 
 
 This choice of forum provision may have the effect of increasing costs for investors to bring a claim against UHG and its directors and officers and of limiting a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with UHG or any of its directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage (but not prevent) lawsuits with respect to such claims. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions contained in UHG s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for UHG s common stock. 
 
 UHG s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. UHG is also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together, these provisions may make 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for UHG s securities. These provisions include: 
 
 a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of UHG s stockholders; 
 a denial of the right of stockholders to call a special meeting; 
 a vote of 66 2/3 required to approve certain amendments to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws; and 
 the designation of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain disputes. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of UHG s Securities 
 
 If UHG s existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intent to sell, amounts of UHG s Class A common stock in the public market after any restrictions on resale lapse, the trading price UHG s Class A common stock could decline. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of UHG s Class A common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of UHG s Class A common stock. 
 
 On March 30, 2024, an aggregate of approximately 20.8 million shares of UHG s Class A common stock (which includes approximately 18.5 million shares of UHG s Class B common stock that are convertible into shares of UHG s Class A common stock but excludes shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes) will become available for sale without restriction, other than applicable securities laws. Sales of a significant number of these shares at any one time may result in trading volatility and reduce the market price of UHG s Class A common stock. 
 
 Further, pursuant to the United Homes Group, Inc. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan, UHG grants stock-based awards to its officers, employees, directors, and consultants. Any significant discretionary sales by the recipients of equity awards, including sales of shares received upon the exercise of options (or sell-to-cover transactions effected to address any associated tax liabilities or exercise prices of such options), would be very dilutive to existing stockholders. Any such sales may also result in trading volatility and reduce the market price of UHG s Class A common stock. 
 
 UHG may issue additional shares of common or preferred stock (including upon the exercise of warrants or conversion of the Notes), which would dilute the interest of UHG s stockholders and may present other risks. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, UHG had outstanding (i) public warrants and private placement warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 11,591,663 shares of Class A common stock, (ii) warrants to purchase up to 746,947 shares of Class A common stock that were issued in connection with warrant agreements of Great Southern Homes, Inc. GSH that existed prior to the Business Combination, and (iii) the Notes, which are convertible into up to an aggregate of 16,000,000 shares of Class A common stock. UHG may also issue up to 21,886,379 shares of Class A common stock in connection with the earnout related to the Business Combination, and may issue shares of Class A common stock in connection with equity based awards, 3,950,841 of which were outstanding as of December 31, 2023 (such equity-based compensatory awards are generally subject to vesting requirements). UHG may also issue a substantial number of additional shares of common stock (or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for common stock) in the future, including in connection with acquisitions, pursuant to compensation arrangements (including under the United Homes Group, Inc. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan) or as a result of financing transactions. 
 
 The issuance of additional shares of common stock may significantly dilute the equity interest of existing investors and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of a substantial number of such shares in the public markets may adversely affect the market price of UHG s listed securities. 
 
 There are currently no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. The issuance of preferred stock in the future may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded UHG s common stock. 
 
 UHG faces high costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies, which could adversely affect UHG s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 As a public company, UHG is subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the listing standards of Nasdaq and other applicable securities rules and regulations. The requirements of these rules and regulations have increased, and UHG expects will continue to increase, its legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly, and place significant strain on its personnel, systems, and resources. For example, the Exchange Act requires, among other things, that UHG timely file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to its business and results of operations. As a result of the complexity involved in complying with the rules and regulations applicable to public companies, UHG s management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm UHG s business, financial condition, and results of operations. Although UHG has already hired additional employees to assist it in complying with these requirements, UHG may need to hire more employees in the future or engage outside consultants, which will increase UHG s operating expenses. 
 
 If UHG fails to satisfy the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, such as minimum financial and other continued listing requirements and standards, including those regarding minimum stockholders equity, minimum share price, and certain corporate governance requirements, Nasdaq may take steps to delist UHG s common stock. Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of UHG common stock and would impair the ability of stockholders to sell or purchase UHG s common stock when they wish to do so. In the event of a delisting, UHG would expect to take actions to restore its compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements, but UHG can provide no assurance that any such action taken by it would allow its common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of its common stock, prevent its common stock from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement, or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements. 
 
 In addition, changing laws, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs, and making some activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. UHG intends to continue investing substantial resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations, and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from business operations to compliance activities. If UHG s efforts to comply with new laws, regulations, and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against UHG and its business may be harmed. 
 
 UHG also expects that these new rules and regulations will make it more expensive for UHG to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and UHG may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for UHG to attract and retain qualified members of its board of directors and qualified executive officers. 
 
 As a result of disclosure of information in filings required of a public company, UHG s business and financial condition is more visible than that of a private company, which may result in an increased risk of threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, UHG s business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in UHG s favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of UHG s management and harm its business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 UHG is an emerging growth company and, as a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, its securities may be less attractive to investors. 
 
 UHG is an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and it is eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, a requirement to present only two years of audited financial statements, an exemption from the auditor attestation requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure about executive compensation arrangements pursuant to the rules applicable to smaller reporting companies, and no requirement to seek non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements. UHG has elected to adopt these reduced disclosure requirements. UHG could be an emerging growth company until the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the Initial Public Offering (January 25, 2026), although a variety of circumstances could cause it to lose that status earlier. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised financial accounting standards. An emerging growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. UHG has elected to take advantage of the extended transition period and, as a result of this election, its financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. In choosing to take advantage of the extended transition period, it may later decide otherwise (i.e., opt in by complying with the financial accounting standard effective dates applicable to non-emerging growth companies), so long as it complies with the requirements in Sections 107(b)(2) and (3) of the JOBS Act, which is irrevocable. 
 
 UHG cannot predict if investors will find its securities less attractive as a result of it taking advantage of these exemptions. If some investors find its securities less attractive as a result of its choices, there may be a less active trading market for its securities and its stock price may be more volatile. 
 
 UHG has identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting. If remediation of these material weaknesses is not effective, or if UHG identifies additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fails to maintain an effective system of internal controls, UHG may not be able to accurately or timely report its financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect investor confidence and, as a result, the value of the Class A common stock. 
 
 Prior to the Business Combination, GSH was not required to maintain an effective system of internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. UHG has identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of its annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses identified generally relate to ineffective tax review controls; lack of second level reviews in business processes; lack of formal control review and documentation required by COSO principles; ineffective Information Technology General Controls ITGCs related to certain systems, applications, and tools used for financial reporting; and UHG did not establish effective user access and segregation of duties controls across financially relevant functions . In order to remediate the material weaknesses, UHG is updating various processes and implementing certain changes to its internal processes. 
 
 UHG may not be able to fully remediate the identified material weaknesses until the steps described above have been completed and its internal controls have been operating effectively for a sufficient period of time. UHG believes it made progress in its remediation plan during the year ended December 31, 2023. If the steps UHG takes do not correct the material weaknesses in a timely manner, UHG will be unable to conclude that it maintains effective internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, there could continue to be a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of UHG s financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. UHG also may incur significant costs to execute various aspects of its remediation plan but cannot provide a reasonable estimate of such costs at this time. 
 
 In the future, it is possible that additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies may be identified that UHG may be unable to remedy before the requisite deadline for these reports. UHG s ability to comply with the annual internal control reporting requirements will depend on the effectiveness of its financial reporting and data systems and controls across the company. Any weaknesses or deficiencies or any failure to implement new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in the implementation or operation of these controls, could harm UHG s operating results and cause it to fail to meet its financial reporting obligations, or result in material misstatements in its Consolidated Financial Statements, which could adversely affect its business and reduce its stock price. 
 
 If UHG is unable to conclude on an ongoing basis that it has effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404, UHG s independent registered public accounting firm may not issue an unqualified opinion as to the effectiveness of UHG s internal controls over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 when UHG no longer qualifies as an emerging growth company. If UHG is unable to conclude that it has effective internal control over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in its reported financial information, which could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of UHG s common shares. Failure to remedy any material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict UHG s future access to the capital markets. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about UHG, its business, or its market, or if they change their recommendations regarding the Class A common stock of UHG adversely, then the price and trading volume of the Class A common stock could decline. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

The trading market for UHG s Class A common stock and public warrants will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about UHG, its business, its market, or its competitors. Securities and industry analysts do not currently, and may never, publish research on UHG. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of UHG, the stock price and trading volume of the Class A common stock and public warrants of UHG would likely be negatively impacted. If any analyst who may cover UHG were to cease coverage of UHG or fail to regularly publish reports on it, UHG could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the stock price or trading volume of the Class A common stock and public warrants of UHG to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover UHG downgrades UHG s Class A common stock, or if UHG s operating results do not meet their expectations, UHG s stock price could decline. 
 
 The trading price of UHG s securities may be volatile. 
 
 The trading price of UHG s securities could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond UHG s control. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on the trading prices of UHG s securities. In such circumstances, the trading price of UHG s securities may not recover and may experience a further decline. 
 
 Factors affecting the trading price of UHG s securities may include: 
 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in UHG s quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to it; 
 changes in the market s expectations about UHG s operating results; 
 success or entry of competitors; 
 UHG s operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period; 
 changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning UHG or the homebuilding industry in general; 
 operating and share price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to UHG; 
 changes in laws and regulations affecting UHG s business; 
 UHG s ability to meet compliance requirements; 
 commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving UHG; 
 changes in UHG s capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 
 the volume of UHG s shares of common stock available for public sale; 
 any major change in the Board of Directors or management; 
 sales of substantial amounts of UHG s shares of common stock by its directors, executive officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; and 
 general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations, and acts of war or terrorism, inflation and market liquidity. 
 
 Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of UHG s securities irrespective of its operating performance. The stock market in general has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of UHG s securities, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for retail stocks or the stocks of other companies which investors perceive to be similar to UHG could depress UHG s share price regardless of its business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations. A decline in the market price of UHG s securities also could adversely affect its ability to issue additional securities and its ability to obtain additional financing in the future. In the past, following periods of market volatility, stockholders have initiated derivative actions. If UHG is involved in derivative litigation, it could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the attention of UHG s management from UHG s business regardless of the outcome of the litigation. 
 
 Changes in laws, regulations or rules, or a failure to comply with any laws, regulations or rules, may adversely affect UHG s business, investments and results of operations. 
 
 UHG is subject to laws, regulations and rules enacted by national, regional and local governments and Nasdaq. In particular, UHG is required to comply with certain SEC, Nasdaq and other legal or regulatory requirements of businesses providing financial services. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws, regulations and rules may be difficult, time consuming and costly. These laws, regulations, and rules include, without limitation, the following: 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 As an employer, UHG will be subject to state and federal laws relating to employment practices, health and safety of employees, employee benefits and other employment-related matters. 
 As a company whose common stock is listed for trading on Nasdaq, UHG is subject to Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, which include requirements relating corporate governance matters, the size of the public float of UHG s shares, and the minimum bid price of UHG s shares. 
 UHG is an SEC reporting company and therefore UHG is required to comply with the various rules and regulations of the SEC that relate to, among other things, the timing and content of annual, quarterly and current reports, the process to register additional shares for sale to the public or for resale by existing investors, and disclosures in connection with meetings of stockholders. Changes in these rules and regulations can have a significant impact on UHG. 
 
 As UHG s business expands to additional markets, UHG will be required to review and comply with state and local laws, rules, and regulations that apply to UHG s business activities. Those additional laws, rules, and regulations or changes therein could have a material adverse effect on UHG s business, investments and results of operations. A failure to comply with any applicable laws, regulations or rules, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on UHG s business and results of operations. 
 
 UHG may redeem unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to warrant holders, thereby making their warrants worthless. 
 
 UHG has the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of UHG s Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalization and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which UHG gives proper notice of such redemption to the warrant holders and provided certain other conditions are met. UHG may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force the warrant holders (i) to exercise their warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for them to do so, (ii) to sell their warrants at the then-current market price when they might otherwise wish to hold their warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of their warrants. 
 
 There is no guarantee that UHG s warrants will be in the money at the time they become exercisable, and they may expire worthless. 
 
 The exercise price for UHG s warrants is 11.50 per Class A common share. There is no guarantee that the warrants will be in the money at any given time prior to their expiration, and as such, the warrants may expire worthless. 
 
 UHG s issued and outstanding Notes may impact its financial results, result in the dilution of its stockholders, create downward pressure on the price of its Class A common shares, and restrict its ability to raise additional capital or take advantage of future opportunities. 
 
 In connection with the Business Combination, UHG issued Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 80,000,000. The Notes are convertible into Class A common shares at a per share price equal to 80 of the value weighted average trading price per Class A common share during the Measurement Period (as defined in the Notes), subject to a floor price of 5.00 and a maximum price of 10.00 per share and bear an initial interest rate of 15 per annum for the first four years after the Notes issuance date, and the interest rate increases by one percent annually, beginning on the fourth anniversary of the issuance date. To the extent UHG exercises its option to pay interest in kind with respect to the Notes rather than in cash, the number of shares of its Class A common shares into which the Notes may be converted would increase. 
 
 Upon a conversion of the Notes, UHG will have the ability to settle by payment of cash, by issuance of its Class A common shares, or a combination of both. If Class A common shares are issued to the holders of the Notes upon conversion, there will be dilution to UHG s stockholders and the market price of its Class A common shares may decrease due to the additional selling pressure in the market. Any downward pressure on the price of UHG s Class A common shares caused by the sale, or potential sale, of shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes could also encourage short sales by third parties, creating additional selling pressure on its share price. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 UHG may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Notes or repay the Notes at their maturity, and its future debt may contain limitations on its ability to pay cash upon conversion, redemption or repurchase of the Notes. 
 
 UHG will be required to repay the Notes in cash at their maturity, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. UHG may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time it is required to make repurchases of such Notes surrendered or pay cash with respect to such Notes being converted (which it otherwise may elect to do upon the conversion of Notes in lieu of issuing shares). 
 
 Upon a conversion of the Notes, UHG will have the ability to settle by payment of cash, by issuance of its Class A common shares, or a combination of both. UHG s ability to repurchase, redeem or to pay cash upon conversion of Notes may be limited by law, regulatory authority, or agreements governing its future indebtedness. If the payment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, UHG may not have sufficient funds to repay the interest on such indebtedness and repurchase the Notes or to pay cash upon conversion of the Notes. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 An information systems interruption or breach in security could adversely affect UHG. 
 
 UHG relies on accounting, financial and operational management information systems to conduct its operations. Any disruption in these systems, or the systems of affiliates and other third parties that UHG conducts business with, could adversely affect UHG s ability to conduct its business. UHG s computer systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer attacks by hackers, viruses, catastrophes, hardware and software failures and breach of data security protocols by its personnel or third-party service providers. If UHG were to experience a significant period of disruption in information technology systems that involve interactions with customers or suppliers, it could result in the loss of sales and customers and significant incremental costs, which could adversely affect its business. 
 
 Furthermore, any security breach of information systems or data could result in the misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of proprietary, personal and confidential information, including information related to employees, counter-parties, and customers, which could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to its reputation and a loss of confidence in its security measures, which could harm its business. While UHG has not experienced cyber security incidents in the past, there can be no assurance that future cyber security incidents will not have a material impact on UHG s business or operations. 
 
 UHG s business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection. 
 
 As part of UHG s normal business activities, UHG collects and stores certain information, including information specific to homebuyers, customers, employees, vendors and suppliers. UHG may share some of this information with third parties who assist UHG with certain aspects of its business. The regulatory environment surrounding data privacy and protection is constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. Laws and regulations governing data privacy and the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information pose increasingly complex compliance challenges and potentially elevate UHG s costs. Any failure, or perceived failure, by UHG to comply with applicable data protection laws could result in proceedings or actions against UHG by governmental entities or others, subject UHG to significant fines, penalties, judgments and negative publicity, require UHG to change its business practices, increase the costs and complexity of compliance and adversely affect UHG s business. As noted above, UHG is also subject to the possibility of cyber incidents or attacks, which themselves may result in a violation of these laws. Additionally, if UHG acquires a company that has violated or is not in compliance with applicable data protection laws, UHG may incur significant liabilities and penalties as a result. 
 
 Increasing attention to environmental, social and governance ESG matters may impact UHG s business, financial results or stock price. 
 
 In recent years, increasing attention has been given to corporate activities related to ESG matters in public discourse and the investment community. A number of advocacy groups, both domestically and internationally, have campaigned for governmental and private action to promote change at public companies related to ESG matters, including through the investment and voting practices of investment advisers, public pension funds, universities and other members of the investing community. These activities include increasing attention and demands for action related to climate change and promoting the use of energy saving building materials. A failure to comply with investor or customer expectations and 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 standards, which are evolving, or if UHG is perceived to not have responded appropriately to the growing concern for ESG issues, regardless of whether there is a legal requirement to do so, could also cause reputational harm to UHG s business and could have a material adverse effect on UHG. In addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings systems for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters. These ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings may lead to increased negative investor sentiment toward UHG and its industry and to the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a negative impact on UHG s stock price and access to and costs of capital. 
 
 Acts of war or terrorism may seriously harm UHG s business. 
 
 Acts of war, any outbreak or escalation of hostilities between the United States and any foreign power or acts of terrorism may cause disruption to the U.S. economy, or the local economies of the markets in which UHG operates, cause shortages of building materials, increase costs associated with obtaining building materials, result in building code changes that could increase costs of construction, affect job growth and consumer confidence, or cause economic changes that UHG cannot anticipate. Each of these events could reduce demand for UHG s homes and adversely impact its business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Negative publicity may affect UHG s business performance and could affect its stock price. 
 
 Unfavorable media related to UHG s industry, company, brands, marketing, personnel, operations, business performance, or prospects may affect its stock price and the performance of its business, regardless of the accuracy or inaccuracy of the media report. UHG s success in maintaining, extending, and expanding its brand image depends on its ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment. Adverse publicity or negative commentary on social media outlets, such as blogs, websites, or newsletters, could hurt operating results, as consumers might avoid brands that receive bad press or negative reviews. Negative publicity may result in a decrease in operating results that could lead to a decline in the price of UHG s securities and cause stockholders to lose all or a portion of their investment. 
 
 Changes in accounting rules, assumptions and/or judgments could materially and adversely affect UHG. 
 
 Accounting rules and interpretations for certain aspects of UHG s financial reporting are highly complex and involve significant assumptions and judgment. These complexities could lead to a delay in the preparation and dissemination of UHG s financial statements. Furthermore, changes in accounting rules and interpretations or in UHG s accounting assumptions and/or judgments, such as those related to asset impairments, could significantly impact UHG s financial statements. In some cases, UHG could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in restating prior period financial statements. Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse effect on UHG s business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 
 UHG recognizes the critical importance of developing, implementing, and maintaining robust cybersecurity measures to safeguard its information systems and protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of its data. UHG has cybersecurity and risk management processes in place to adapt to the changing cybersecurity landscape and respond to emerging threats in a timely and effective manner. UHG leverages the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) framework, which organizes cybersecurity risks into five categories: identify, protect, detect, respond, and recover. UHG monitors its systems to assess cybersecurity risks and threats. 
 
 UHG s information technology (IT) security team reviews enterprise risk management-level cybersecurity risks and reports on these findings. In addition, UHG has a set of company-wide policies and procedures that directly or indirectly relate to cybersecurity, such as policies related to encryption standards, antivirus protection, remote access, multifactor authentication, confidential information and the use of the internet, social media, email and wireless devices. These policies go through an internal review process and are approved by appropriate members of management. 
 
 Managing Material Risks Integrated Overall Risk Management 
 35 

Table of Contents 

UHG has integrated cybersecurity risk management into its broader risk management framework. This integration ensures that cybersecurity considerations are an integral part of UHG s decision-making process. Members of UHG s management work closely with the IT department to continuously evaluate and address cybersecurity risks in alignment with UHG s business objectives and operational needs. 
 
 Engage Third Parties on Risk Management 
 
 Recognizing the complexity and evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, UHG s IT personnel incorporate external resources and advisors as needed on cybersecurity planning, reporting, and monitoring. These third-party relationships enable UHG to leverage specialized knowledge and insights, to ensure UHG s cybersecurity strategies and processes are aligned with industry best practices. In addition to collaboration with various third-parties, all of UHG s employees are required to complete cybersecurity training at least once every three years and also have access to more frequent cybersecurity training through online training courses. 
 
 Oversee Third Party Risk 
 
 UHG utilizes various third-party software applications in the functioning of its core business. UHG conducts assessments of all third-party providers and maintains ongoing reviews to ensure compliance with its cybersecurity standards. The internal business owners of the hosted applications are required to document user access reviews at least annually and provide from the vendor a System and Organization Controls (SOC) 1 or SOC 2 report. If a third-party vendor is not able to provide a SOC 1 or SOC 2 report, UHG takes additional steps to assess their cybersecurity preparedness and assess its relationship on that basis. UHG s assessment of risks associated with the use of third-party providers is part of its overall cybersecurity framework. 
 
 Monitor Cybersecurity Incidents 
 
 UHG s IT security team regularly monitors alerts and meets to discuss threat levels, trends, and remediation. The team also prepares a monthly report on cybersecurity threats and risk areas and conducts an annual risk assessment. This ongoing knowledge acquisition and continuing education is crucial for the effective prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. If a security event is alerted, upper management and the incident response team are notified and the steps identified in the Incident Response Plan, or IRP, are initiated. This plan includes immediate actions to mitigate the impact and long-term strategies for remediation and prevention of future incidents. 
 
 Risks from Cybersecurity Threats 
 
 UHG faces risks from cybersecurity threats that could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or reputation. For more information about the cybersecurity risks UHG faces, see the risk factor entitled An information systems interruption or breach in security could adversely affect UHG in Item 1A., Risk Factors . UHG has not encountered cybersecurity challenges that have materially impaired its operations or financial standing. 
 
 Governance 
 
 UHG s Board is acutely aware of the critical nature of managing risks associated with cybersecurity threats, and recognizes the significance of these threats to UHG s operational integrity and shareholder confidence. 
 
 Risk Management Personnel 
 
 UHG s Chief Administrative Officer and the Director of IT are responsible for developing and implementing UHG s information security program. UHG s Chief Administrative Officer represented companies in IT integration, AI, and SaaS businesses over a span of two decades in private legal practice, and UHG s Director of IT has more than 17 years of experience in data, application, and server security. 
 
 Board of Directors Oversight 
 
 The Audit Committee is central to the Board s oversight of cybersecurity risks and bears the primary responsibility for this domain. The Audit Committee is composed of board members with diverse expertise including risk management and finance, equipping them to oversee cybersecurity risks effectively. 
 
 Management s Role Managing Risk and Reporting to the Board 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 The Chief Administrative Officer and the Director of IT play a pivotal role in informing the Audit Committee on cybersecurity risks. They provide comprehensive briefings to the Audit Committee on a regular basis, with a minimum frequency of once per year. These briefings encompass a broad range of topics, including: 
 
 Current cybersecurity landscape and emerging threats; 
 Actions being taken by the Company to minimize or address such threats; 
 Status of ongoing cybersecurity initiatives and strategies; 
 Incident reports and learnings from any cybersecurity events; and 
 Compliance with regulatory requirements and industry standards. 
 
 In addition to scheduled meetings, the Audit Committee, the Chief Administrative Officer and the Director of IT maintain an ongoing dialogue regarding emerging or potential cybersecurity risks. Together, they receive updates on any significant developments in the cybersecurity domain, ensuring the Board s oversight is proactive and responsive. This involvement ensures that cybersecurity considerations are integrated into the broader strategic objectives. The Audit Committee conducts an annual review of the company s cybersecurity posture and the effectiveness of its risk management strategies. This review helps in identifying areas for improvement and ensuring the alignment of cybersecurity efforts with the overall risk management framework. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 UHG leases approximately 28,500 square feet of office space in Chapin, South Carolina for its corporate headquarters. In addition, UHG leases local offices in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, Mauldin, South Carolina, and Raleigh, North Carolina to meet operational needs. 
 
 The South Carolina segment also owns a local office in Greer, South Carolina. See Business - Land Acquisition Strategy and Development Process - Owned and Controlled Lots for a summary of the other properties that UHG owned or controlled as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, UHG is a party to ongoing legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. See Note 13 -Commitments and Contingencies - Litigation of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for information about certain pending legal proceedings. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 UHG s Class A common shares are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market and UHG s public warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Nasdaq under the symbols UHG and UHGWW, respectively. UHG s Class B common shares and private warrants are not listed or traded on any exchange. As of March 4, 2024, there were 67 holders of record of UHG s Class A common shares, 5 holders of record of UHG s Class B common shares, 1 holder of record of UHG s public warrants, and 1 holder of record of UHG s private warrants. Such numbers do not include beneficial owners holding UHG s securities through nominee names. 
 
 Dividends 
 UHG has not paid any cash dividends on Class A common shares to date. UHG may retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and has no current plans to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on, among other things, UHG s results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. In addition, the ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants of any existing and future outstanding indebtedness the company or its subsidiaries incur. UHG does not anticipate declaring any cash dividends to holders of the Class A common shares in the foreseeable future. 
 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 References to the Company, UHG, our, us or we refer to United Homes Group, Inc. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

Overview 
 
 UHG designs, builds and sells homes in South Carolina, North Carolina and Georgia. UHG s principal markets are located within 500 miles of 10 of the top 15 fastest growing markets in the United States, including Nashville, Jacksonville and Orlando, which provides what management believes are attractive expansion opportunities. In 2023, UHG was ranked 48th by Builder Magazine based on home closings and revenues in 2022. 
 
 The geographical markets in which UHG presently operates its homebuilding business are high-growth markets, with substantial in-migrations and employment growth. Prior to the Business Combination (discussed below), GSH s business historically consisted of both homebuilding operations and land development operations. Recently, GSH separated its land development operations and homebuilding operations across separate entities in an effort to adopt best practices in the homebuilding industry associated with ownership and control of land and lots and production efficiency. Following the separation of the land development business, which is now primarily conducted by affiliated land development companies (collectively, the Land Development Affiliates that are outside of the corporate structure of UHG, it employs a land-light operating strategy, with a focus on the design, construction and sale of entry-level, first move-up and second move-up single-family houses. UHG principally builds detached single-family houses, and, to a lesser extent, attached single-family houses, including duplex houses and town houses. 
 
 UHG s pipeline as of December 31, 2023 consists of approximately 9,000 lots, which includes lots that are owned or controlled by Land Development Affiliates, and which UHG expects to obtain the contractual right to acquire, in addition to lots that UHG may acquire from third party lot option contracts. 
 
 Since its founding in 2004, UHG has delivered approximately 14,000 homes and, as of December 31, 2023, builds in approximately 61 active subdivisions at prices that generally range from approximately 200,000 to approximately 500,000. For the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, UHG had 1,296 and 1,259 net new orders, and generated approximately 421.5 million and 477.0 million in revenue on 1,383 and 1,605 closings, respectively. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

UHG s plan to grow its business is multifaceted. UHG plans to continue to execute its external growth strategy, expanding into new markets and increasing community count via targeted acquisitions of complementary private homebuilders and homebuilding operations. UHG also expects to grow both organically, arising out of its historical operations, and through expansion of its business verticals. UHG s business verticals positioned to further drive the Company s growth include its mortgage joint venture Homeowners Mortgage, LLC (the Joint Venture and its build-to-rent BTR platform, pursuant to which UHG will continue to work together with institutional investors for development of BTR communities. UHG expects that continued operation of the Joint Venture, which began generating revenue in July 2022, will add to UHG s revenue and EBITDA growth, improve buyer traffic conversion, and reduce backlog cancellation rates. 
 
 UHG s revenues decreased from approximately 477.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to 421.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2023, UHG generated net income of approximately 125.1 million, which included 115.9 million related to the change in fair value of derivative liabilities, gross profit of 18.9 , adjusted gross profit of 21.4 , and adjusted EBITDA margin of 9.6 , representing an increase of 55.6 million, and decreases of (6.0) , (4.6) , and (7.8) , respectively, from the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Adjusted gross profit, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and EBITDA margin are not financial measures under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ). See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for an explanation of how UHG computes these non-GAAP financial measures and for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 
 Over the last year the homebuilding industry has faced headwinds due to macro-economic factors, such as rising inflation and the Federal Reserve s response of raising interest rates beginning in March 2022 and continuing through July 2023. As a result, new home demand has been negatively impacted by affordability concerns from higher mortgage rates. In response to softer demand for new homes, UHG introduced additional sales incentives starting in the second half of 2022 and continuing through 2023, mostly in the form of buyer financing incentives such as mortgage rate buy downs, mortgage forward commitments, or cash incentives applied against closing costs. 
 
 Although UHG continues to deal with pricing fluctuations related to building materials, labor and lot costs, UHG has experienced a significant decline in lumber prices from the peak prices in 2022. There has also been overall improvement in the supply chain, which, coupled with UHG s standardization of certain features of its homes, has improved construction cycle times. While UHG cannot predict the extent to which the aforementioned factors will impact its performance, it believes that its land-light business model positions it well to effectively navigate market volatility. 

Business Combination 
 
 On March 30, 2023 (the Closing Date ), UHG consummated the previously announced business combination (the Business Combination contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of September 10, 2022 (the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among DiamondHead Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation DHHC and, after the consummation of the Business Combination, United Homes Group, Inc. UHG or the Company )), Hestia Merger Sub, Inc., a South Carolina corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of DHHC Merger Sub ), and Great Southern Homes, Inc., a South Carolina corporation GSH ). Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into GSH, with GSH surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination on the Closing Date, DHHC changed its name from DHHC to United Homes Group, Inc. 
 
 For accounting treatment of the Business Combination, see Note 2 - Merger and reverse recapitalization of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this annual report on Form 10-K to Legacy UHG refer to the homebuilding operations of GSH prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 
 The accompanying results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 Legacy UHG financial statements have been prepared from Legacy UHG s historical financial records and reflect the historical financial position. Results of operations of Legacy UHG for the year is presented on a carve-out basis in accordance with GAAP. The Legacy UHG financial statements present historical information and results attributable to the homebuilding operations of GSH. The Legacy UHG financial statements exclude GSH s operations related to land development operations as Legacy UHG historically did not operate as a standalone company. The carve-out methodology was used since Legacy 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 UHG s inception until the Closing Date. Refer to Note 1 - Nature of operations and basis of presentation and Note 2 - Merger and reverse recapitalization of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for more information on the Business Combination and Basis of Presentation. 

Recent Developments 
 
 Herring Homes Acquisition 
 
 On August 18, 2023, UHG entered the Raleigh, North Carolina market through the acquisition of selected assets of Herring Homes, LLC Herring Homes (which was accounted for as a business combination) for a purchase price of 2.2 million in cash. UHG recognized the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired as goodwill of 0.5 million. The goodwill arising from the acquisition consists largely of the expected synergies from establishing a market presence in Raleigh and the experience and reputation of the acquired management team. The remaining basis of approximately 1.7 million is primarily comprised of the fair value of 12 acquired developed lots and lot purchase agreement deposits with limited other assets and liabilities. Subsequent to the acquisition, UHG acquired 50 lots and 12 homes under construction in separate transactions for a fair value of 4.9 million and 5.9 million, respectively, in the Raleigh, North Carolina market. 
 
 Rosewood Communities Acquisition 
 
 On October 25, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of 100 of the common stock of Rosewood Communities, Inc Rosewood (the Rosewood Acquisition for a purchase price of 24.7 million, of which 22.7 million was in cash. The remaining purchase price is related to a 0.3 million warranty cost reserve and contingent consideration of 1.7 million based on 25 of the EBITDA attributable to Rosewood s business through December 31, 2025. The acquisition allows the Company to further expand its presence in the Upstate region of South Carolina. 
 
 Creekside Custom Homes Acquisition 
 
 On January 26, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of selected assets of Creekside Custom Homes, LLC, a South Carolina corporation Creekside (the Creekside Acquisition for 16.9 million in cash. The acquisition allows UHG to further expand its presence in the coastal region of South Carolina, particularly in the Myrtle Beach, SC area. The Company has not yet completed its evaluation and determination of consideration paid and certain assets and liabilities acquired in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations. 

Factors Affecting the Comparability of UHG's Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 UHG s historical financial condition and results of operations for the periods presented are not expected to be indicative of UHG s future performance, either from period to period or going forward as a result of UHG s recent acquisitions as well as the following reasons: 
 
 Merger and Reverse Recapitalization 
 
 The Company is a former blank check company incorporated on October 7, 2020 under the name DiamondHead Holdings Corp. DHHC as a Delaware corporation formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. Upon the consummation of the Business Combination on March 30, 2023, Great Southern Homes, Inc. became a wholly owned subsidiary of DHHC, which has changed its name to United Homes Group, Inc. For information regarding the Company s corporate reorganization, see Note 1 - Nature of operations and basis of presentation and Note 2 - Merger and reverse recapitalization of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report. 
 
 Land Development Operations 
 
 Prior to the Business Combination until the Closing Date, Legacy UHG historically transacted with affiliates that were owned by the shareholders of GSH. The Legacy UHG financial statements contained herein present historical information and results attributable to the homebuilding operations of GSH. The historical financial information of Legacy UHG may not be indicative of Legacy UHG s future performance, primarily because prior to the Business Combination, the lots developed by affiliates were not transferred to the homebuilding operations of GSH at a market rate. Since the Business Combination, developed lots acquired by UHG from the Land Development Affiliates and third parties have been 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 acquired at fair market value, which, when compared to Legacy UHG s historical acquisition of developed lots from non-third parties at cost, affects the comparability of Cost of sales. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Prior to the Business Combination, Legacy UHG was included in the tax filing of shareholders of GSH, which was taxed individually under the provision of Subchapter S and Subchapter K of the Internal Revenue Code. Following the Business Combination, UHG became a corporation subject to corporate-level taxes, and the income taxes became dependent upon its taxable income, and its net income since the Business Combination reflects such taxes. UHG recognizes the financial statement impacts of GAAP and tax timing differences on a quarterly basis. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
 
 UHG s selling, general and administrative expense have increased as a result of becoming a public company due to increased compliance costs associated with certain provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related SEC regulations and the requirements imposed in connection with UHG s shares being listed on Nasdaq. Namely, as a public company, UHG is obligated to establish and maintain internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to prepare and file periodic financial and other reports in compliance with federal securities laws, and to adhere to certain standards related to corporate governance and its board of directors. UHG has seen an increase in labor costs in order to pay its employees (including hiring additional employees), directors and officers insurance, board of directors fees, and professional fees to legal counsel and accountants to assist in implementing these tasks and controls. 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 To incentivize individuals providing services to Legacy UHG or its affiliates, the GSH board adopted the Great Southern Homes 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. In connection with the Business Combination the Great Southern Homes 2022 Equity Incentive Plan was terminated and UHG stockholders approved the United Homes Group, Inc. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2023 Plan ). The 2023 Plan provides for the grant, from time to time, at the discretion of the UHG board of directors or a committee thereof, of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock awards, dividend equivalents, other stock-based awards, cash awards, substitute awards and performance awards. Any individual who is a director, officer, employee, consultant, or advisor of UHG or any of its affiliates (which, for purposes of the Equity Incentive Plan, generally consists of entities controlling, controlled by, or under common control with UHG, or in which UHG has a significant interest), is eligible to receive awards under the Equity Incentive Plan at the discretion of the UHG board of directors or the compensation committee of the UHG board of directors. 
 
 Change in Fair Value of Derivative Liabilities 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities includes certain stock options issued under the 2023 Plan, warrants issued in connection with DHHC s Initial Public Offering, warrants issued in a private placement by DHHC and certain common shares to be issued upon the achievement of certain future earnout conditions Earnout Shares issued in connection with the Business Combination. These instruments were recognized as a derivative liability in accordance with ASC 815 starting in 2023, and are marked to market at the end of each reporting period. With the exception of the public warrants, the fair values of each derivative liability are determined using Level 3 inputs. The models used to fair value the derivative liabilities rely on significant assumptions and inputs, including the Company s stock price, which may cause volatility in the fair value each reporting period. Fluctuations in the fair value of derivative liabilities as a result of Level 3 inputs may impact the comparability of UHG s results of operations. 

Components of UHG s Operating Results 
 
 Below are general definitions of the Consolidated Statements of Operations line items set forth in UHG s period over period changes in results of operations. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Revenues predominantly include the proceeds from the closing of homes sold to UHG s customers. Revenues from home sales are recorded at the time each home sale is closed and closing conditions are met. Performance obligations are generally satisfied at a point in time when the control of the home is transferred to the customer. Control is considered to be transferred to the customer at the time of closing when the title and possession of the home are received by the 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 homebuyer. In some contracts, the customer controls the underlying land upon which the home is constructed. For these specific contracts, the performance obligation is satisfied over time. Revenue for these contracts is recognized using the input method based on costs incurred as compared to total estimated project costs. Proceeds from home sales are generally received within a few days after closing. Home sales are reported net of sales discounts. The pace of net new orders, average home sales price, and the amount of upgrades or options selected impact UHG s recorded revenues in a given period. 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 
 Cost of sales includes the lot cost and carrying costs associated with each lot, construction costs of each home, capitalized interest expensed, building permits, warranty costs (both incurred and estimated to be incurred) and sales incentives in the form of mortgage rate buydowns and closings costs. In addition, Cost of sales includes payroll, including bonuses for UHG s field-based personnel. Allocated costs, including interest and property taxes incurred during construction of the home, are capitalized and expensed to Cost of sales when the home is closed and revenue is recognized. Indirect costs such as maintenance of communities, signage and supervision are expensed as incurred. Developed land is acquired from related parties and third parties at fair market value, which, when compared to Legacy UHG s historical acquisition of developed land from non-third parties at cost, increases UHG s Cost of sales. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
 
 Selling general and administrative SG A expenses consist of corporate and marketing overhead expenses such as payroll, insurance, IT, office expenses, advertising, outside professional services, travel expenses, lease expenses, public company expenses, transaction expenses, stock compensation expense associated with the equity classified Earnout Shares issued in connection with the Business Combination and stock compensation expense associated with the 2023 Plan. UHG recognizes these costs in the period they are incurred. 
 
 Prior to the Business Combination, a portion of the SG A expenses were allocated to Legacy UHG based on direct usage, when identifiable or, when not directly identifiable, on the basis of proportional cost of sales or employee headcount, as applicable. Post Business Combination, the allocation of a portion of SG A is no longer applicable. 
 
 Other (Expense) Income, Net 
 
 Other (expense) income, net includes amortization of deferred loan costs associated with UHG s revolving lines of credit, gain or loss upon sale of retirement of depreciable assets, a portion of interest expense on the Notes entered into in connection with the Business Combination, investment income, management fees, and miscellaneous vendor and credit card rebates . 
 
 Equity in Net Earnings from Investment in Joint Venture 
 
 On February 4, 2022, Legacy UHG entered into a joint venture agreement with an unrelated third party to acquire a 49 equity stake in Homeowners Mortgage, LLC, and made an initial capital contribution of 49,000 at the formation of the joint venture. Equity in net earnings from investment in joint venture for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 1.2 million, increasing the investment in joint venture as of December 31, 2023 to 1.4 million. 
 
 Change in Fair Value of Derivative Liabilities 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities includes certain stock options (as discussed in Note 15 - Share-based compensation of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report) issued under the 2023 Plan, warrants issued in connection with DHHC s Initial Public Offering (the Public Warrants , as discussed in Note 17 - Warrant liability of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report), warrants issued in a private placement by DHHC (the Private Placement Warrants , as discussed in Note 17 - Warrant liability of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report) and certain liability classified Earnout Shares issued in connection with the Business Combination (as discussed in Note 16 - Earnout shares of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report). These instruments are recognized as a derivative liability in accordance with ASC 815, and marked to market at the end of each reporting period. The change in fair value of the derivative liability classified instruments is included in Change in fair value of derivative liabilities on UHG s Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Income Before Taxes 
 
 Income before taxes is revenues less cost of sales, SG A expense, other (expense) income, net, equity in net earnings (losses) from investment in joint venture, and change in fair value of derivative liabilities. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 
 Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method of accounting. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences on differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis, using tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period when the change is enacted. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when it is more-likely-than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. When evaluating the realizability of deferred tax assets, all evidence, both positive and negative, is evaluated. 
 
 Net Income 
 
 Net income is income before taxes adjusted for income tax expense. 
 
 Net New Orders 
 
 Net new orders is a key performance metric for the homebuilding industry and is an indicator of future revenues and cost of sales. Net new orders for a period is gross sales less any customer cancellations received during the same period. Sales are recognized when a customer signs a contract and UHG approves such contract. 
 
 Cancellation Rate 
 
 UHG records a cancellation when a customer provides notification that they do not wish to purchase a home. Increasing cancellations are a negative indicator of future performance and can be an indicator of decreased revenues, cost of sales and net income. Cancellations can occur due to customer credit issues or changes to the customer s desires. The cancellation rate is the total cancellations during the period divided by the total number of new sales for homes during the period. 
 
 Backlog 
 
 Backlog represents homes sold but not yet closed with customers. Backlog is affected by customer cancellations that may be beyond UHG s control, such as customers unable to obtain financing or unable to sell their existing home. 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross profit is revenue less cost of sales for the reported period. 
 
 Adjusted Gross Profit 
 
 Adjusted gross profit, a non-GAAP measure, is gross profit less capitalized interest expensed in cost of sales, amortization included in homebuilding cost of sales (primarily adjustments resulting from the application of purchase accounting in connection with acquisitions) and non-recurring remediation costs. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 2023 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 The following table presents summary results of operations for the periods indicated: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Amount Change 2023 2022 Change Statements of Operations Revenue, net of sales discounts 421,474,101 477,045,949 (55,571,848) (11.6) Cost of sales 341,748,481 358,238,703 (16,490,222) (4.6) Selling, general and administrative expense 65,094,444 49,685,730 15,408,714 31.0 Other income (expense), net (3,762,613) 230,692 (3,993,305) NM Equity in net earnings from investment in joint venture 1,244,091 137,086 1,107,005 NM Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 115,904,646 115,904,646 NM Income before taxes 128,017,300 69,489,294 58,528,006 84.2 Income tax expense 2,957,016 2,957,016 NM Net income 125,060,284 69,489,294 55,570,990 80.0 Other Financial and Operating Data: Active communities at end of period (a) 
 61 56 5 8.9 Home closings 1,383 1,605 (222) (13.8) Average sales price of homes closed (b) 
 315,718 296,233 19,485 6.6 Net new orders (units) 
 1,296 1,259 37 2.9 Cancellation rate 13.6 17.5 (3.9) (22.3) Backlog 189 276 (87) (31.5) Gross profit 79,725,620 118,807,246 (39,081,626) (32.9) Gross profit (c) 
 18.9 24.9 (6.0) (24.1) Adjusted gross profit (d) 
 90,080,976 124,262,476 (34,181,500) (27.5) Adjusted gross profit (c) 
 21.4 26.0 (4.6) (17.7) EBITDA (d) 
 144,815,138 75,933,460 68,881,678 90.7 EBITDA margin (c) 
 34.4 15.9 18.5 116.4 Adjusted EBITDA (d) 
 40,470,122 82,835,216 (42,365,094) (51.1) Adjusted EBITDA margin (c) 
 9.6 17.4 (7.8) (44.8) 
 ______________________________ 
 NM - Not Meaningful 
 
 (a) UHG had 7 communities in closeout for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 8 communities in closeout for the year ended December 31, 2022. These communities are not included in the count of Active communities at end of period. 
 (b) Average sales price of homes closed, excluding the impact of percentage of completion revenues and build to rent revenues. 
 (c) Calculated as a percentage of revenue 
 (d) Adjusted gross profit, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. For definitions of adjusted gross profit, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 
 Revenues: Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 were 421.5 million, a decrease of 55.5 million, or 11.6 , from 477.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in revenues was primarily attributable to the decrease in sales of production-built homes. The decrease in the number of home closings was due in part to rising mortgage rates, which caused a reduction in purchasing power for homebuyers. The average sales price of production-built homes closed for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 315,718, an increase of 19,484, or 6.6 , from the average sales price of production-built homes closed of 296,233 for the year ended December 31, 2022. A decrease in revenues of 78.8 million due to the decrease in the number of production-built homes sold was partially offset by 24.9 million from an increase in overall sales prices. The decrease in revenues was also attributable to a decrease in revenue recognized over time from land owned by customers of 8.3 million. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Cost of Sales and Gross Profit: Cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 341.7 million, a decrease of 16.5 million, or 4.6 , from 358.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in cost of sales was primarily attributable to the decrease in number of homes sold. The Company closed 1,383 homes during the year ended December 31, 2023, a decrease of 222 home closings, or 13.8 , as compared to 1,605 homes closed during the year ended December 31, 2022. This was partially offset by an increase in the average cost to complete a home as a result of higher direct costs, including houses constructed in 2022 with higher lumber costs, and incentives, primarily in the form of mortgage rate buydowns and closing costs. Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 79.7 million, a decrease of 39.1 million, or 32.9 , from 118.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to a decrease in the number of home closings and increased cost per home as described above. Gross profit as a percentage of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 18.9 , a decrease of 6.0 , as compared 24.9 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Adjusted Gross Profit: Adjusted gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 90.1 million, a decrease of 34.2 million, or 27.5 , as compared to 124.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Adjusted gross profit as a percentage of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 21.4 , a decrease of 4.6 , as compared to 26.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The adjusted gross profit as a percentage of revenue decrease was attributable to a 39.1 million decrease in gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to December 31, 2022. This decrease was partially offset when excluding interest expense included in cost of sales, which increased by 4.0 million due to higher interest rates year over year and the inclusion of convertible note interest in 2023, as well as non-recurring remediation costs of 0.5 million and amortization included in homebuilding cost of sales (primarily adjustments resulting from the application of purchase accounting in connection with acquisitions) of 0.4 million. Adjusted gross profit is a non-GAAP financial measure. For the definition of adjusted gross profit and a reconciliation to the Company s most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 
 S elling, General and Administrative Expense: Selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 65.1 million, an increase of 15.4 million, or 31.0 , from 49.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in selling, general and administrative expense was attributable to an increase of 5.6 million related non-cash stock compensation expense, public company expenses of 2.2 million, consulting fees of 2.3 million, insurance expenses of 1.9 million, miscellaneous expenses of 1.1 million, and an increase in salaries and related expenses of 4.3 million as a result of a higher headcount. The increase was offset by a decrease in commission expense of 2.0 million. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), Net: Total other income (expense), net for the year ended December 31, 2023 was (3.8) million, a decrease of 4.0 million as compared to 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in other income (expense), net was primarily attributable to an increase of 6.0 million of interest expense on the Notes issued in connection with the Business Combination and an increase of 0.6 million of amortization expense, offset by an increase in investment income of 2.6 million. 
 
 Equity in Net Earnings from Investment in Joint Venture: Equity in net earnings from investment in joint venture for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 1.2 million, an increase of 1.1 million, as compared to 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the joint venture establishing operations in 2022. The increase in equity in net earnings increased the investment in joint venture to 1.4 million and 0.2 million as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Change in Fair Value of Derivative Liabilities: Change in fair value of derivative liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2023 was a gain of 115.9 million as compared to zero for the year ended December 31, 2022. This change was primarily attributable to a gain of 126.6 million related to the Earnout Shares and 0.2 million related to stock options issued under the 2023 Plan that are accounted for as derivative liabilities under ASC 815, offset by a loss of 7.4 million related to the Public Warrants and 3.5 million related to the Private Placement Warrants issued in connection with the Business Combination. 
 
 Income Tax Expense: Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 3.0 million as compared to zero for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in income tax expense was due to the Company s change in tax status. Great Southern Homes, Inc., a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, had a change in tax status from an S Corporation to a C Corporation on March 30, 2023. Income tax expense primarily resulted from income generated in the fiscal year and permanent book/tax differences, partially offset by the generation of additional federal tax credits. The Company s annual effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2023 wa s 2.4 , driven mainly by the change in fair 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 value of derivative liabilities of (24.3) million, offset partially by 1.0 million to initially establish various deferred tax balances as a taxable entity as a result of the Business Combination. 
 
 Net Income: Net income for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 125.1 million, an increase of 55.6 million, or 80.0 , from 69.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in net income was primarily attributable to the increase in income before taxes of 58.5 million, or 84.2 , for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in income before taxes is primarily attributable to the change in fair value of derivative liabilities, offset by the decrease in revenue, net of sales discounts. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 Adjusted Gross Profit 
 
 Adjusted gross profit is a non-GAAP financial measure used by management of the Company as a supplemental measure in evaluating operating performance. The Company defines adjusted gross profit as gross profit excluding the effects of capitalized interest expensed in cost of sales, amortization included in homebuilding cost of sales (primarily adjustments resulting from the application of purchase accounting in connection with acquisitions), and non-recurring remediation costs. The Company s management believes this information is meaningful because it separates the impact that capitalized interest, purchase accounting adjustments, and non-recurring remediation costs directly expensed in cost of sales have on gross profit to provide a more specific measurement of the Company s gross profits. However, because adjusted gross profit information excludes certain balances expensed in cost of sales, which have real economic effects and could impact the Company s results of operations, the utility of adjusted gross profit information as a measure of the Company s operating performance may be limited. Other companies may not calculate adjusted gross profit information in the same manner that the Company does. Accordingly, adjusted gross profit information should be considered only as a supplement to gross profit information as a measure of the Company s performance. 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted gross profit to the GAAP financial measure of gross profit for each of the periods indicated. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Revenue, net of sales discounts 421,474,101 477,045,949 Cost of sales 341,748,481 358,238,703 Gross profit 79,725,620 118,807,246 Interest expense in cost of sales 9,385,970 5,455,230 Amortization in homebuilding cost of sales (a) 
 442,231 Non-recurring remediation costs 527,155 Adjusted gross profit 90,080,976 124,262,476 Gross profit (b) 
 18.9 24.9 Adjusted gross profit (b) 
 21.4 26.0 
 ______________________________ 
 (a) Represents expense recognized resulting from purchase accounting adjustments 
 (b) Calculated as a percentage of revenue 
 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA are supplemental non-GAAP financial measures used by management of the Company. The Company defines EBITDA as net income before (i) capitalized interest expensed in cost of sales, (ii) interest expensed in other (expense) income, net, (iii) depreciation and amortization, and (iv) taxes. UHG defines adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA before stock-based compensation expense, transaction cost expense, non-recurring loss on disposal of leasehold improvements, non-recurring remediation costs, amortization included in homebuilding cost of sales (adjustments resulting from the application of purchase accounting in connection with acquisitions), and change in fair value of derivative liabilities. Management of the Company believes EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are useful because they provide a more effective evaluation of UHG s operating performance and allow comparison of UHG s results of operations from period to period without regard to UHG s financing methods or capital structure or other items that impact comparability of financial results from period to 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 period such as fluctuations in interest expense or effective tax rates, levels of depreciation or amortization, or unusual items. EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as alternatives to, or more meaningful than, net income or any other measure as determined in accordance with GAAP. UHG s computations of EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to EBITDA or adjusted EBITDA of other companies. 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA to the GAAP financial measure of net income for each of the periods indicated. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Net income 125,060,284 69,489,294 Interest expense in cost of sales 9,385,970 5,455,230 Interest expense in other (expense) income, net 6,042,358 Depreciation and amortization 1,217,778 759,712 Taxes 3,108,748 229,224 EBITDA 144,815,138 75,933,460 Stock-based compensation expense 7,019,183 1,422,630 Transaction cost expense 3,239,637 5,479,126 Non-recurring loss on disposal of leasehold improvements 331,424 Non-recurring remediation costs 527,155 Amortization in homebuilding cost of sales (a) 
 442,231 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities (115,904,646) Adjusted EBITDA 40,470,122 82,835,216 EBITDA margin (b) 
 34.4 15.9 Adjusted EBITDA margin (b) 
 9.6 17.4 
 ______________________________ 
 (a) Represents expense recognized resulting from purchase accounting adjustments 
 (b) Calculated as a percentage of revenue 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 
 UHG funds its operations from its current cash holdings and cash flows generated by operating activities, as well as its available revolving lines of credit, as further described below. As of December 31, 2023, UHG had approximately 56.7 million in cash and cash equivalents, an increase of 44.5 million, or 364.8 , from 12.2 million as of December 31, 2022. As of the Closing Date, UHG received net proceeds from the Business Combination and the PIPE investments PIPE Investments of approximately 94.4 million. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, UHG had approximately 24.4 million and 12.0 million in unused committed capacity under its revolving lines of credit, respectively. See Wells Fargo Syndication below for information on the modification to the Wells Fargo Syndication subsequent to March 30, 2023. 
 
 UHG has used proceeds received from the Business Combination and the PIPE Investments for general corporate purposes, including corporate operating expenses and for the acquisitions of homebuilders which closed in 2023 and January of 2024. UHG believes that its current cash holdings, including proceeds from the Business Combination and PIPE Investments, cash generated from operations, as well as cash available under its revolving lines of credit, will be sufficient to satisfy its short term and long term cash requirements for working capital to support its daily operations, meet current commitments under its contractual obligations, and support the potential acquisition of complementary businesses. 
 
 Cash flows generated by UHG s projects can differ materially from its results of operations, as these depend upon the stage in the life cycle of each project. UHG generally relies upon its revolving lines of credit to fund building costs, and timing of draws is such that UHG may from time to time be in receipt of funds from the line of credit in advance of such funds being utilized. UHG is generally required to make significant cash outlays at the beginning of a project related to lot purchases, permitting, and construction of homes, as well as ongoing property taxes. These costs are capitalized within UHG s real estate inventory and are not recognized in its operating income until a home sale closes. As a result, UHG 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 incurs significant cash outflows prior to the recognition of associated earnings. In later stages of projects, cash inflows could exceed UHG s results of operations, as the cash outflows associated with land purchase and home construction and other expenses were previously incurred. 
 
 The cost of home construction fluctuates with market conditions and costs related to building materials and labor. The residential construction industry experiences labor and material shortages from time to time, including shortages in qualified subcontractors, tradespeople and supplies of insulation, drywall, cement, steel, and lumbe r. These labor and material shortages can be more severe during periods of strong demand for housing, during periods following natural disasters that have a significant impact on existing residential and commercial structures or as a result of broader economic disruptions. Increases in lumber commodity prices may result in the renewal of UHG s lumber contracts at more expensive rates, which may significantly impact UHG s cost to construct homes and UHG s business. While UHG has recently seen a steep decline in the price of lumber and more moderate reductions in other building materials relative to what was experienced in 2022, future increases in the cost of building materials and labor could have a negative impact on UHG s margins on homes sold. Supply-chain disruptions may also result in increased costs to obtain building supplies, delayed delivery of developed lots, and incurrence of additional carrying costs on homes under construction, among other things. Labor and material shortages and price increases for labor and materials could cause delays in home construction and increase UHG s costs of home construction, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on UHG s cost of sales and operations. 
 
 Finished Lot Deposits 
 
 The Company s strategy is to acquire developed lots through related parties and unrelated third party land developers pursuant to lot purchase agreements. Most lot purchase agreements require the Company to pay a nonrefundable cash deposit of approximately 15 - 20 of the agreed-upon fixed purchase price of the developed lots. In exchange for the deposit, the Company receives the right to purchase the finished developed lot at a preestablished price. Such contracts enable the Company to defer acquiring portions of properties owned by third parties until the Company determines whether and when to complete such acquisition, which may serve to reduce financial risks associated with long-term land holdings. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company s lot deposits related to finished lot purchase contracts were 33.0 million and 3.8 million, respectively. 
 
 Prior to the Business Combination, when Legacy UHG was acquiring lots through Land Development Affiliates, it did not have to pay deposits as the land development operations were owned by the shareholders of GSH. Post Business Combination, the Company continues to purchase lots from the former Land Development Affiliates of Legacy UHG, however, as the Company is no longer owned by the shareholders of GSH, the Company must pay lot purchase agreement deposits to acquire lots. As such, as of December 31, 2023 all interests in lot purchase agreements, including with related parties, is recorded within Lot purchase agreement deposits on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Homebuilding Debt 
 
 Prior to the Business Combination, Legacy UHG, jointly with its Other Affiliates (see Note 1 - Nature of operations and basis of presentation of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for definitions of these terms) considered to be under common control, entered into debt arrangements with financial institutions. These debt arrangements were in the form of revolving lines of credit and were generally secured by land (developed lots and undeveloped land) and homes (under construction and finished). Legacy UHG and certain related Other Affiliates were collectively referred to as the Nieri Group. The Nieri Group entities were jointly and severally liable for the outstanding balances under the revolving lines of credit; however, Legacy UHG had been deemed the primary obligor of such debt, as it is the sole cash generating entity and responsible for repayment of the debt. As such, Legacy UHG had recorded the outstanding advances under the financial institution debt and other debt within the Legacy UHG financial statements as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 A portion of the revolving lines of credit were drawn down for the sole operational benefit of the Nieri Group and Other Affiliates outside of Legacy UHG. These line of credit balances are reflected in the table below as Other Affiliates debt at December 31, 2022. Post Business Combination, the Company no longer enters into debt arrangements with Other Affiliates of Legacy UHG. As discussed further below, in connection with the Business Combination, the Wells Fargo Syndication line was amended and restated to exclude any members of the Nieri Group and Other Affiliates of Legacy UHG from the borrower list. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 The advances from the revolving lines of credit, reflected as Homebuilding debt, are used to build homes and are repaid incrementally upon individual home sales. The various revolving construction lines are collateralized by the homes under construction and developed lots. The revolving construction lines are fully secured, and the availability of funds are based on the inventory value at the time of the draw request. Interest is accrued based on the total syndication balance and is paid monthly. As the average construction time for homes is less than one year, all outstanding debt is considered short-term as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 The following table and descriptions provide a summary of the Company s material debt under the revolving lines of credit for the periods indicated: 
 
 December 31, 2023 Weighted average interest rate Homebuilding Debt - Wells Fargo Syndication Private Investor Debt Total Wells Fargo Bank 8.13 20,907,306 20,907,306 Regions Bank 8.13 17,690,798 17,690,798 Flagstar Bank 8.13 16,082,543 16,082,543 United Bank 8.13 12,866,035 12,866,035 Third Coast Bank 8.13 9,649,526 9,649,526 Other Notes Payable 3,255,221 3,255,221 Total debt on contracts 77,196,208 3,255,221 80,451,429 

December 31, 2022 
 Weighted average interest rate Homebuilding Debt - Wells Fargo Syndication Other Affiliates (1) 
 Total Wells Fargo Bank 4.98 34,995,080 8,203,772 43,198,852 Regions Bank 4.98 27,550,618 27,550,618 Texas Capital Bank 4.98 19,676,552 19,676,552 Truist Bank 4.98 19,659,329 19,659,329 First National Bank 4.98 7,870,621 7,870,621 Anderson Brothers 4.74 2,841,034 2,841,034 Total debt on contracts 109,752,200 11,044,806 120,797,006 
 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Outstanding balances relate to bank financing for land acquisition and development activities of Other Affiliates for which the Company is the co-obligor or has an indirect guarantee of the indebtedness of the Other Affiliates. In addition, the 8,203,772 of Other Affiliates Debt with Wells Fargo Bank as of December 31, 2022 is part of the Wells Fargo Syndication. 
 
 Wells Fargo Syndication 
 
 In July 2021, the Nieri Group entities entered into a 150,000,000 Syndicated Credit Agreement Syndicated Line with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo ). The Syndicated Line was a three-year revolving credit facility, previously with a maturity date of July 2024, and an option to extend the maturity date for one year that could be exercised upon approval from Wells Fargo. The Syndicated Line also included a 2,000,000 letter of credit as a sub-facility subjected to the same terms and conditions as the Syndicated Line. The Syndicated Line was amended and restated on March 30, 2023 Amendment Date in connection with the Business Combination (as defined in Note 1 - Nature of operations and basis of presentation and made GSH the sole borrower of the Syndicated Line. An additional amendment and restatement Second Amendment was entered into on August 10, 2023 Second Amendment Date ). As a result of the Second Amendment, the Company became a co-borrower of the Syndicated Line, the maximum borrowing capacity was increased to 240,000,000, and the maturity date was extended to August 10, 2026. In addition, 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Wells Fargo Bank and Regions Bank increased their participation in the Syndicated Line, three lenders exited the Syndicated Line, and three lenders joined as new participants of the Syndicated Line. An additional amendment Third Amendment was entered into on December 22, 2023 Third Amendment Date and amended two financial covenants that are described below. No other significant terms of the arrangements were changed other than those relating to the financial covenants and interest rate terms described below. 
 
 The remaining availability on the Syndicated Line was 24.4 million and 12.0 million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company pays a fee ranging between 15 and 30 basis points per annum depending on the unused amount of the Syndicated Line. The fee is computed on a daily basis and paid quarterly in arrears. 
 
 The Syndicated Line contains financial covenants which were revised during 2023 as a result of the amendments referenced above. As of December 31, 2023, the financial covenants listed in the Syndicated Line included (a) a minimum tangible net worth of no less than the sum of (i) 70 million and (ii) 25 of positive actual consolidated earnings earned in any fiscal quarter, (iii) 100 of new equity contributed to the Company, (iv) 100 of any increase in tangible net worth resulting from an equity issuance upon the conversion or exchange of any security constituting indebtedness that is convertible or exchangeable, or is being converted or exchanged, for equity interests; and (v) 100 of the amount of any repurchase of equity interests in the Company; (b) a maximum leverage covenant that prohibits the leverage ratio from exceeding 2.50 to 1.00 until December 31, 2023, and 2.25 to 1.00 for any fiscal quarter thereafter (c) a minimum debt service coverage ratio to be no less than 2.00 to 1.00 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter; (d) a minimum liquidity amount of not less than the greater of (y) 30,000,000 or (z) an amount equal to 1.50x the trailing twelve month interest incurred; and (e) unrestricted cash of not less than 50 of the required liquidity at all times. The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants as of December 31, 2023, and prior fiscal quarters in 2023. Legacy UHG was in compliance with all debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The interest rates on the borrowings under the Syndicated Line vary based on the leverage ratio. In connection with the First Amendment, the benchmark interest rate was converted from LIBOR to Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), with no changes in the applicable rate margins. The interest rate is based on the greater of either LIBOR prior to Amendment Date or SOFR post Amendment Date plus an applicable margin (ranging from 275 basis points to 350 basis points) based on the Company s leverage ratio as determined in accordance with a pricing grid, or the base rate plus the aforementioned applicable margin. 
 
 On January 26, 2024, the Company amended and restated the credit agreement associated with the Syndicated Line Fourth Amendment ). As a result of the Fourth Amendment, Rosewood Communities Inc., a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, along with the Company are co-borrowers of the Syndicated Line. Refer to Note 21 - Subsequent events of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for additional information. 
 
 Other Affiliates Debt 
 
 On February 27, 2023, Legacy UHG paid off Wells Fargo debt associated with Other Affiliates in the amount of 8,340,545 and on February 28, 2023, Legacy UHG was released as a co-obligor from the Anderson Brothers debt associated with Other Affiliates in anticipation of the Business Combination that closed on March 30, 2023 as discussed in Note 1. As a result there is no remaining debt balance associated with Other Affiliates as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Other Notes Payable 
 
 The Company had other borrowings totaling 3,255,221 as of December 31, 2023, which are comprised of other notes payable acquired in the normal course of business. These notes have maturities ranging up to two years. The effective interest rates on these notes range up to 7.69 . 
 
 Convertible Note 
 
 The Company entered into a Convertible Note Agreement in connection with the closing of the Business Combination. The Notes have an outstanding balance of 68,038,780 as of December 31, 2023 and mature on March 30, 2028. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 15 . Future interest payments on the remaining outstanding Notes totaled approximately 63.8 million, with approximately 14.1 million due within the next twelve months. Refer to Note 14 - Convertible note payable of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for additional information. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Leases 
 
 The Company leases several office spaces in South Carolina under operating leases with related parties, and one office space in North Carolina with a third party. The office leases have a remaining lease term of up to five years, some of which include options to extend on a month-to-month basis, and some of which include options to terminate the lease. These options are excluded from the calculation of the o perating right-of-use ROU asset and lease liability until it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. As of December 31, 2023, the future minimum lease payments required under these leases totaled 6.9 million, with 1.4 million payable within 12 months. Further information regarding the Company s leases is provided in Note 13 - Commitments and contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report. 
 
 In addition to leasing land and office space, in December 2022, Legacy UHG began entering into sale-leaseback transactions with related parties, where revenue and cost of sales are recognized. As of December 31, 2022, revenue and cost of sales were 5,188,716 and 4,508,819, respectively. Further information regarding these transactions is provided in Note 10 - Related party transactions of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company s cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Net cash flows provided by operating activities 28,224,880 34,616,722 Net cash flows used in investing activities (24,300,985) (206,877) Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 40,508,741 (73,675,897) 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 28.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to 34.6 million of net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022. The difference in cash flows year over year is 6.4 million. This change is partially attributable to cash provided by the change in inventory of 22.2 million, income tax payable of 0.4 million and income adjusted for non-cash transactions of 19.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. This change is offset by cash used in the change in deferred tax asset of 2.6 million due to the change in tax status from S-Corp to C-Corp during the year ended December 31, 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by the change in net income adjusted for non-cash transactions of 72.1 million was partially offset by cash used in the change in inventory of 26.7 million. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 24.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to 0.2 million of net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022. The difference in cash flows year over year is 24.1 million. The increase in net cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable to cash paid to acquire certain assets of Herring Homes, LLC of 2.2 million and acquisition of Rosewood Communities, Inc. of 22.1 million. The net cash used was offset by proceeds from a promissory note issued in exchange for the sale of fixed assets and proceeds from the sale of property and equipment of 0.2 million. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 40.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to net cash used in financing activities of 73.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The difference in cash flows year over year is 114.2 million. The increase in net cash from financing activities was primarily attributable to cash received of 94.4 million as a result of the Business Combination, PIPE, and recapitalization transactions, proceeds from homebuilding debt of 72.5 million, partially offset by repayment of homebuilding debt of 105.1 million, distributions and net transfers to stockholders and other affiliates of 17.9 million, and the payment of deferred financing costs of 3.2 million. In contrast, for the year ended December 31, 2022, cash flows used in financing activities included 171.7 million for repayment of homebuilding and other affiliate debt, 54.2 million of cash flows used in distributions and net transfers to stockholders and other affiliates, and 37.8 million in changes in net due to and due from stockholders and other affiliates, partially offset by 179.3 million of proceeds from homebuilding debt and 10.9 million of proceeds from other affiliate debt. 

51 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 UHG prepared the Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP. Its critical accounting estimates are those that it believes have the most significant impact to the presentation of its financial position and results of operations and that require the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP without the need for the application of judgment. 
 
 In certain circumstances, however, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires UHG to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 
 
 While UHG s significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 3 - Summary of significant accounting policies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report, UHG believes the following topics reflect the critical accounting policies and the more significant judgment and estimates used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 UHG recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers . Home sale transactions typically have a single performance obligation to deliver a completed home to the homebuyer which is generally satisfied when control of the home is transferred to the customer. Control is considered to be transferred to the customer at the time of closing when the title and possession of the home are received by the homebuyer. Little to no estimation is involved in recognizing such revenues. Revenue is reported net of any discounts and incentives. 
 
 Revenues from home sales in which the buyer retains title to the homesite while UHG builds the home are recognized based on the percentage of completion of the home construction. Percentage of completion is based on costs incurred as compared to total estimated project costs. 
 
 Real Estate Inventory and Cost of Home Sales 
 
 Inventory includes land under development, developed lots, homes under construction, and finished homes. Land under development consists of raw parcels of land already zoned for its intended use to develop into finished lots. Developed lots consist of land that has been developed for or acquired by UHG, and vertical construction is imminent. At the time construction begins, developed lots are transferred to homes under construction. Homes under construction represents costs associated with active homebuilding activities which include, but are not limited to, direct material, labor, and overhead costs related to home construction, capitalized interest, real estate taxes, and land option fees. Finished homes represent completed but unsold homes at the end of the reporting period. Costs incurred in connection with completed homes and selling, general, and administrative costs are expensed as incurred. 
 
 UHG relies on certain estimates to determine its construction and land development costs. Construction and land costs are comprised of direct and allocated costs, including estimated future costs. In determining these costs, UHG compiles project budgets that are based on a variety of assumptions, including future construction schedules and costs to be incurred. Actual results can differ from budgeted amounts for various reasons, including construction delays, labor or material shortages, slower absorptions, increases in costs that have not yet been committed, changes in governmental requirements, or other unanticipated issues encountered during construction and development and other factors beyond UHG s control. To address uncertainty in these budgets, UHG assesses, updates and revises project budgets on a regular basis, utilizing the most current information available to estimate home construction and land development costs. 
 
 Developed lots are typically allocated to individual residential lots on a per lot basis based on specific costs incurred for the acquisition of the lot. At the time construction of the home begins, developed lots are transferred to homes under construction within inventory. Sold units are expensed to cost of sales based on a specific identification basis. Cost of sales consists of specific construction costs of each home, estimated warranty costs, allocated developed lots, and closing costs applicable to the home. 
 
 Inventories are carried at the lower of accumulated cost or net realizable value. UHG periodically reviews the performance and outlook of its inventories for indicators of potential impairment. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 UHG records rebates with certain suppliers as a reduction in cost of sales based on a specific identification basis. At the time of closing, costs that were incurred as part of the construction of the home but not paid at the time of closing are accrued. The accrual is recorded within cost of sales. 
 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding three types of share-based compensation: stock options, restricted stock units RSUs and stock warrants. Stock option and RSU awards are expensed on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the entire award from the date of grant through the period of the last separately vesting portion of the grant. The Company accounts for forfeitures when they occur. Stock warrant awards do not contain a service condition and are expensed on the grant date. The fair value of stock option awards, granted or modified, is determined on the grant date (or modification or acquisition dates, if applicable) at fair value, using the Black Scholes option pricing model. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the option's expected term and stock price volatility. The grant date fair value of the RSUs is the closing price of UHG s common stock on the date of the grant. Refer to Note 15 - Share-based compensation of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for additional information. 
 
 Derivative Liabilities 
 
 The Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments, including issued warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. Refer to Components of UHG s Operating Results above for additional information related to those instruments that the Company accounts for as a derivative liability. 
 
 Earnout Shares 
 
 The Earnout Shares were recognized at fair value on the Closing Date and are subsequently remeasured at each reporting date with changes in fair value recorded in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Earnout Shares issuable to employees and directors of the Company Employee Option Holders at the Closing Date are considered a separate unit of account, and the value of these shares was recognized as a one-time stock compensation expense for the grant date fair value using the Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. 
 
 Refer to Note 15 - Share-based compensation and Note 16 - Earnout shares of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for additional information, including definitions. 
 
 PIPE Investment 
 
 The Company accounts for the Notes at amortized cost and amortizes the debt discount to interest expense using the effective interest method over the expected term of the Notes. Refer to Note 3 - Summary of significant accounting policies and Note 14 - Convertible note payable of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for additional information. 
 
 Unconsolidated Variable Interest Entities 
 
 Management analyzes the Company s investments and transactions under the variable interest model to determine if they are variable interest entities VIEs ), and, if so determine whether the Company is the primary beneficiary and consolidation is appropriate. Management reviews its involvement with a VIE and reconsiders that conclusion if there are any changes to the Company s involvement that arise. To make this determination, management considers factors such as whether the Company could direct finance, determine or limit the scope of the entity, sell or transfer property, direct development or direct other operating decisions. Management consolidates the entity if the Company is the primary beneficiary or if a standalone primary beneficiary does not exist and the Company and its related parties collectively meet the definition of a primary beneficiary. If the investment does not qualify as a VIE under the variable interest model, management then evaluates the entity under the voting interest model to assess if consolidation is appropriate. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 The Company has entered into a shared services agreement with a related party that operates in the land development business in which the Company will provide accounting, IT and HR, and other administrative support services and receive property maintenance services and due diligence and negotiation assistance with purchasing third party finished lots. Management concluded that it has a variable interest in this entity through the service agreement that provides the Company with the obligation to absorb losses and the right to receive benefits based on fees that are below market rates. Additionally, the Company enters into lot option purchase agreements with the same related party to procure land or lots for the construction of homes and has determined that while this related party qualifies as a VIE, it does not however qualify for consolidation as the Company is not the primary beneficiary of the VIE nor does it have the power to direct the VIE s significant activities. Refer to Note 3 - Summary of significant accounting policies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for additional information. 
 
 Business Acquisitions and Valuation of Contingent Consideration 
 
 The Company accounts for business acquisitions using the acquisition method. Under ASC 805 a business combination occurs when an entity obtains control of a business. The Company determines whether or not the gross assets acquired meet the definition of a business. If they meet this criteria, the Company accounts for the transaction as a business acquisition. If they do not meet this criteria the transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition. The consideration transferred in the acquisition is generally measured at fair value, as are the identifiable net assets acquired. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually for impairment. Any gain on a bargain purchase is recognized in profit or loss immediately. Transaction costs are expensed as incurred, except if related to the issuance of debt or equity securities. Any contingent consideration is measured at fair value at the date of acquisition and is based on expected cash flow of the acquisition target discounted over time using an observable market discount rate. The Company generally utilizes outside valuation experts to determine the amount of contingent consideration. Contingent consideration is remeasured at fair value at each reporting date and subsequent changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration are recognized in Other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business acquisitions. In accordance with ASC 350, the Company analyzes goodwill for impairment on an annual basis (or more often if indicators of impairment exist). The Company performs a qualitative assessment to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. When performing a qualitative assessment, the Company evaluates qualitative factors to determine if it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then a quantitative assessment is performed to determine the reporting unit s fair value. If the reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its fair value, then an impairment loss is recognized for the amount of the excess of the carrying amount over the reporting unit s fair value. 
 
 The evaluation of goodwill for possible impairment includes estimating fair value using one or a combination of valuation techniques, such as discounted cash flows. These valuations require the Company to make estimates and assumptions regarding future operating results, cash flows, changes in capital expenditures, selling prices, profitability, and the cost of capital. Although the Company believes its assumptions and estimates are reasonable, deviations from the assumptions and estimates could produce a materially different result. As of December 31, 2023, there were no triggering events or impairments recorded. 
 
 Recently Issued/Adopted Accounting Standards 
 
 Refer to the sections titled Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements and Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted in Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report, for more information. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Land-Light Acquisition Strategy 
 
 The Company operates a land-light and capital efficient lot acquisition strategy primarily through lot purchase agreements. These contracts generally allow the Company to forfeit its right to purchase the lots for any reason, and its sole 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 legal obligation and economic loss as a result of such forfeitures is limited to the amount of the deposits paid pursuant to such agreements. The Company does not have any financial guarantees or completion obligations, and does not guarantee lot purchases on a specific performance basis under these agreements. 
 
 UHG s pipeline as of December 31, 2023 consists of approximately 9,000 lots, which includes lots that are owned or controlled by Land Development Affiliates, and which UHG expects to obtain the contractual right to acquire, in addition to lots that UHG may acquire from third party lot option contracts. The entire risk of loss pertaining to the aggregate purchase price of contractual commitments resulting from non-performance under finished lot purchase agreements is limited to approximately 33.0 million in Lot purchase agreement deposits as of December 31, 2023. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 
 UHG s operations are interest rate sensitive. As overall housing demand is adversely affected by increases in interest rates, a significant increase in interest rates may negatively affect the ability of homebuyers to secure adequate financing. Higher interest rates could adversely affect UHG s revenues, gross profits and net income. 
 
 UHG is subject to market risk on its debt instruments primarily due to fluctuations in interest rates. UHG utilizes both fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. For fixed-rate debt, changes in interest rates generally affect the fair value of the debt instrument but not earnings or cash flows. Conversely, for variable-rate debt, changes in interest rates generally do not impact the fair value of the debt instrument, but may affect the Company s future earnings and cash flows. UHG has not entered into, nor does it intend to enter into in the future, derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes or to hedge against interest rate fluctuations 
 
 The interest rate on the borrowings under the Syndicated Line is based upon adjusted daily simple SOFR plus an applicable margin ranging between 275 basis points and 350 basis points, based upon UHG s leverage ratio. Therefore, UHG is exposed to market risks related to fluctuations in interest rates on its outstanding debt under the Syndicated Line. As of December 31, 2023, UHG had 77.2 million outstanding under the Syndicated Line, which carried a weighted average interest rate of 8.13 . A 100 basis point increase in overall interest rates would negatively affect the Company s net income by approximately 0.8 million. 
 
 The fair value of the outstanding Notes is subject to market risk and other factors due to the convertible features. The Notes are convertible at the holder s option into UHG Class A Common Shares at any time after March 30, 2024 through March 30, 2028, at a per share price Initial Conversion Price equal to 80 of volume-weighted average trading sale price VWAP per UHG Class A Common Share during the 30 consecutive trading days prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date. The Initial Conversion Price has a floor of 5.00 per share and a cap of 10.00 per share. Once the conversion price is established on March 30, 2024, the fair value of the Notes will generally increase as the common stock price increases and will generally decrease as the common stock price declines in value. The Notes are carried at amortized cost and the fair value is presented for disclosure purposes only. The interest and market value changes affect the fair value of the Notes, but do not impact UHG s financial position, cash flows, or results of operations due to the fixed nature of the debt obligation. 

55 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

UNITED HOMES GROUP, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 57 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of O perations 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in S tock holders' E quity 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 61 
 Notes to the C onsolidated Financial Statements 
 63 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 United Homes Group, Inc . 
 Chapin, South Carolina 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of United Homes Group, Inc (the Company as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 , the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 
 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 15, 2024 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED HOMES GROUP, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 
 
 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories: Homes under construction and finished homes Developed lots and land under development Due from related party Related party note receivable Lot purchase agreement deposits Investment in Joint Venture Deferred tax asset Property and equipment, net Operating right-of-use assets Prepaid expenses and other assets Goodwill Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Accounts payable Homebuilding debt and other affiliate debt Operating lease liabilities Other accrued expenses and liabilities Income tax payable Derivative liabilities Convertible note payable Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding. 
 Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. (1) 
 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. (1) 
 Additional paid-in capital (1) 
 Retained Earnings (1) 
 ) Total Stockholders' equity (1) 
 ) Total Liabilities and Stockholders' equity 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) 
 
 The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED HOMES GROUP, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Revenue, net of sales discounts Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expense Net income from operations Other (expense) income, net ) Equity in net earnings from investment in joint venture Change in fair value of derivative liabilities Income before taxes Income tax expense Net income Basic and diluted earnings per share Basic Diluted Basic and diluted weighted-average number of shares (1) 
 Basic Diluted 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) 
 The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED HOMES GROUP, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (1) 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 
 
 Common Stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Shareholders' and other affiliates' net investment Net Due To and Due From Shareholders and Other Affiliates Total Stockholders' Equity Class A Class B Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2021 as originally reported ) Retroactive application of recapitalization ) Adjusted balance as of December 31, 2021 Distributions and net transfer to shareholders and other affiliates ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Net income Balance, December 31, 2022 Distributions and net transfer to shareholders and other affiliates ) ) Stock compensation Forfeiture of private placement warrants Issuance of common stock upon the reverse recapitalization, net of transaction costs Issuance of common stock related to PIPE Investment Issuance of common stock related to lock-up agreement Recognition of derivative liability related to earnout ) ) Recognition of derivative liability related equity incentive plan ) ) Earnout stock-based compensation expense for UHG employee options Transaction costs related to reverse recapitalization ) ) Reclassification of negative APIC related to the reverse recapitalization ) Exercise of stock options under the 2023 Plan Forfeiture of stock options under the 2023 Plan Exercise of stock warrants ) Transaction costs related to equity issuance ) ) Net income Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) ______________________________ 
 (1) :1 Exchange Ratio established in the Business Combination. 
 
 The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED HOMES GROUP, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows from operating activities: Bad debt expense Investment earnings in joint venture ) ) Depreciation and amortization Loss on sale of property and equipment Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of discount on convertible notes Amortization of discount on private investor debt Non cash interest income ) Stock compensation expense Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets Change in fair value of contingent earnout liability ) Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Change in fair value of equity incentive plan ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration Net change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Related party receivable ) Inventories ) Lot purchase agreement deposits ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Deferred tax asset ) Accounts payable ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Income tax payable Other accrued expenses and liabilities Net cash flows provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment Proceeds from promissory note issued for sale of property and equipment Payments on business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Capital contribution in joint venture ) Net cash flows used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from homebuilding debt Repayments of homebuilding debt ) ) Proceeds from other affiliate debt Repayments on equipment financing ) Repayments of other affiliate debt ) 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Repayments on private investor loans ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) Distributions and net transfer to shareholders and other affiliates ) ) Changes in net due to and due from shareholders and other affiliates ) Proceeds from convertible note, net of transaction costs Proceeds from PIPE investment and lock up Proceeds from Business Combination, net of SPAC transaction costs Payment of equity issuance costs ) Payment of transaction costs ) Proceeds from exercise of employee stock options Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Additions of right-of-use lease assets and liabilities Acquisition of developed lots from related parties in settlement of due from Other Affiliates Conversion of other affiliates debt to homebuilding debt Transfer of co-obligor debt to land development affiliate Promissory note issued for sale of property and equipment Settlement of co-obligor debt to affiliates Release of guarantor from GSH to shareholder Noncash distribution to owners of Other Affiliates Earnest money receivable from Other Affiliates Recognition of previously capitalized deferred transaction costs Modification to existing lease ) Recognition of derivative liability related to earnout Recognition of derivative liability related to equity incentive plan Recognition of warrant liability upon Business Combination Forfeiture of private placement warrants upon Business Combination ) Recognition of contingent consideration upon business acquisition Recognition of contingent liability upon business acquisition Issuance of common stock upon the reverse recapitalization Recognition of deferred tax asset upon Business Combination Recognition of income tax payable upon Business Combination Recognition of assumed assets and liabilities upon Business Combination, net Noncash exercise of stock warrants Noncash exercise of employee stock options Forfeiture of employee stock options ) Total non-cash investing and financing activities 
 
 The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED HOMES GROUP, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

64 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Class A common stock of GSH GSH Class A Common Shares issued and outstanding prior to the Closing Date were exchanged for shares of Class A common stock of UHG UHG Class A Common Shares 
 All shares of Class B common stock of GSH GSH Class B Common Shares issued and outstanding prior to the Closing Date were exchanged for shares of Class B common stock of UHG UHG Class B Common Shares 
 All outstanding options of GSH to acquire GSH Class A Common Shares were assumed by the Company and converted into options to acquire an aggregate of UHG Class A Common Shares (the Rollover Options 
 All outstanding warrants to purchase GSH Class A Common Shares were assumed by the Company and converted into warrants to purchase UHG Class A Common Shares (the Assumed Warrants 
 outstanding shares of DHHC Class B common stock held by DHP SPAC II Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor converted into UHG Class A Common Shares, all of which are subject to resale or transfer restrictions; 
 The Company issued an aggregate of UHG Class A Common Shares to the PIPE Investors, Lock-Up Investors and the Convertible Note Investors, pursuant to the terms of the PIPE Subscription Agreements, Share Lock-up Agreements and the PIPE Investment, (together the PIPE Financings ), as described below. 
 
 As of the Closing Date and following the completion of the Business Combination, UHG had the following outstanding securities: 
 UHG Class A Common Shares; 
 UHG Class B Common Shares; 
 warrants to purchase UHG Class A Common Shares, each exercisable at a price of per share, issued in connection with the DHHC initial public offering and held by the Sponsor and BlackRock Inc. and Millennium Management LLC (the Anchor Investors 
 warrants to purchase UHG Class A Common Shares, each exercisable at a price of per share, issued in connection with the DHHC initial public offering; 
 Assumed Warrants to purchase UHG Class A Common Shares, each exercisable at a price of per share; and 
 Rollover Options to purchase UHG Class A Common Shares, each exercisable at a price of per share. 
 
 Earnout 
 
 In connection with the Business Combination, holders of GSH common shares, certain holders of stock options, and holders of GSH warrants (together, GSH Equity Holders ), options held by employees and directors Employee Option Holders and the Sponsor (together, the Earnout Holders are entitled to receive consideration in the form of common shares Earnout Shares upon achievement of certain earnout conditions. The Company reserved Earnout Shares of which may be awarded to GSH Equity Holders and Employee Option Holders and additional earnout shares may be awarded to the Sponsor. Refer to Note 16 - Earnout shares. 
 
 In connection with the Closing, and under the terms of the Sponsor Support Agreement entered into in connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, shares of the shares of DHHC Class B common stock held by the Sponsor were converted to Earnout Shares and became subject to vesting conditions based on the achievement of certain market-based share price thresholds. Refer to Note 16 - Earnout shares for additional information regarding the terms and conditions of the Earnout Triggering Events. Of the remaining shares of 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 shares were forfeited and shares were converted into UHG Class A Common Shares. 
 
 Convertible Note 
 
 In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, DHHC entered into a Convertible Note Purchase Agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement ), by and among itself, GSH, and a group of investors (the Convertible Note Investors ). Pursuant to and at the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Note Purchase Agreement, the Convertible Note Investors agreed to purchase million in original principal amount of Convertible Promissory Notes (the Notes, or Note PIPE Financing and, pursuant to the terms of share subscription agreements entered into between each Convertible Note Investor and UHG, an additional UHG Class A Common Shares (the PIPE Shares in a private placement PIPE investment (the PIPE Investment ). Refer to Note 14 - Convertible note payable for additional information on the accounting treatment for the Notes, including issuance costs. 
 
 Subscription Agreement 
 
 In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, UHG entered into separate subscription agreements (each a Subscription Agreement, or Subscription Agreement PIPE Financing, and together with the Note PIPE Financing, the PIPE Financings with a number of investors (each a PIPE Investor ), pursuant to which the PIPE Investors agreed to purchase, and UHG agreed to sell to the PIPE Investors, an aggregate of shares of common stock for a purchase price of per share and shares for a purchase price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of million, in a private placement offering. The PIPE Financings closed simultaneously with the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 
 Lock-Up Agreement 
 
 In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, DHHC entered into separate Share Issuance and Lock-Up Agreements (each a Lock-up Agreement with a number of investors (each a Lock-up Investor ), pursuant to which UHG agreed to issue each Lock-up Investor UHG Class A Common Shares (up to UHG Class A Common Shares in the aggregate) for a purchase price of per share, for each UHG Class A Common Share held by such Lock-up Investor at the Closing. Following the closing of the Business Combination, UHG notified each Lock-Up Investor that UHG waived the lock-up restriction contained in the Lock-Up Agreements. 
 
 DHHC sponsor shareholders UHG Class A Common Shares GSH existing shareholders UHG Class B Common Shares GSH existing shareholders UHG Class A Common Shares Convertible Note Investors UHG Class A Common Shares PIPE Investors - UHG Class A Common Shares Lock-up Investors - UHG Class A Common Shares Total Closing Shares 
 ______________________________ 
 1 Represents remaining DHHC Class A shares following share redemptions prior to the Business Combination. 
 
 Treatment of Merger 
 
 The Business Combination is accounted for as a reverse recapitalization under GAAP. This determination is primarily based on Legacy UHG retaining the largest portion of the voting rights, the post-transaction management team is primarily comprised of the pre-transaction management team of GSH and the relative size of GSH s operations is larger than DHHC s. Under this method of accounting, DHHC is treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Consolidated Financial Statements of UHG represent a continuation of the financial statements of Legacy UHG with the Business Combination being treated as the equivalent of Legacy UHG 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 :1 for the equivalent number of shares outstanding immediately after the Business Combination to effect the reverse recapitalization. Accordingly, certain amounts have been reclassified and retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse recapitalization pursuant to the Business Combination for all periods presented within the Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity. 
 
 In connection with the Business Combination, the Company received approximately million of gross proceeds including the contribution of million of cash held in DHHC s trust account from its initial public offering, million of cash in connection with the Subscription Agreement PIPE Financing, and million in connection with the Notes PIPE Financing. As part of the PIPE Financings, the Company entered into the Note Purchase Agreement for an original principal amount of million. The Company incurred debt issuance costs of million of original issuance discount and an additional million of transaction costs that were allocated to the Notes, resulting in net cash proceeds of million. 
 
 million of transaction costs in connection with the Business Combination, consisting of advisory, banking, legal, and other professional fees, of which million were incurred by DHHC and million were incurred by Legacy UHG. All costs were capitalized and recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. 

Principles of consolidation 
 
 Use of Estimates 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 and are considered to be deposits in transit. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had deposits in transit. 

Accounts Receivable As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded an allowance for potential credit losses of and , respectively. 
 
 Inventories and Cost of Sales 
 
 of land under development as a result of the Rosewood acquisition, which is included in Developed lots and land under development on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company had land under development as of December 31, 2022. See Note 5 - Business acquisitions, for additional information. 
 
 Developed lots - This inventory consists of land that has been developed for or acquired by the Company and where vertical construction is imminent. Developed lot costs are typically allocated to individual residential lots on a per lot basis based on specific costs incurred for the acquisition of the lot. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the amount of developed lots included in inventory was and , respectively. Developed lots purchased at fair value from third parties and related parties was and as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively, which is included in Developed lots and land under development on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Homes under construction - At the time construction of the home begins, developed lots are transferred to homes under construction within inventory. This inventory represents costs associated with active homebuilding activities which include, predominately, labor, materials, and overhead costs related to home construction, capitalized interest, real estate taxes and land option fees. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the amount of inventory related to homes under construction included in Homes under construction and finished homes was and , respectively. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the amount of inventory related to finished homes included in Homes under construction and finished homes was and , respectively. 

Lot Purchase Agreement Deposits 
 68 

Table of Contents 

Property and Equipment 
 
 to years 
 Buildings years Leasehold Improvements Lesser of years or the lease term 
 Machinery and Equipment to years 
 Office Equipment to years 
 Vehicles years 
 
 Normal repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred, whereas significant improvements which materially increase the value or extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized and depreciated over the remaining estimated useful life of the related assets. 

Intangible Assets - for the tradename and architectural designs. Amortization expense associated with intangible assets is recorded to Selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 Long-Lived Assets 

Goodwill - 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Unconsolidated Variable Interest Entities - 

of assets related to the services agreement included within Due from related party on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and of assets related to lot purchase agreements included within Lot purchase agreement deposits on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. There were amounts associated with these agreements as of December 31, 2022. The Company determined these amounts to be the maximum exposure to loss due to involvement with the VIEs as the Company does not provide any financial guarantees or support to these related parties. 
 
 Deferred Loan Costs See Note 9 - Homebuilding debt and other affiliate debt for further details. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 See Note 20 - Earnings per Share for further details. 
 
 Investment in Joint Venture equity stake in Homeowners Mortgage, LLC Joint Venture ). The Joint Venture operates with the purpose of assisting homebuyers through the homebuying experience. The Company made an initial capital contribution of at the formation of the Joint Venture on February 4, 2022. The Company has no obligations to make future capital contributions as governed by the Joint Venture s operating agreement. If any future contributions are made, they generally will be based on a pro rata basis, based on the Company s respective equity interest in the Joint Venture. 
 
 Equity in earnings from the investment in the Joint Venture for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was and , increasing the investment in Joint Venture as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 to , and , respectively. There were additional capital contributions and distributions for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, aside from the initial contribution of on February 4, 2022. Additionally, there were impairment losses related to the Company s investment in the Joint Venture recognized during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 
 See Note 15 - Share-based compensation. 
 
 Deferred transaction costs - and of deferred transaction costs were capitalized and recorded in Prepaid expenses and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Transaction costs that are not eligible to be capitalized are expensed as incurred and included within Selling, general, and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Leases 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

Refer to Note 10 - Related party transactions for additional detail on these transactions. 
 
 Revenue Recognition - single performance obligation to deliver a completed home to the homebuyer which is generally satisfied when the closing conditions are met. The Company s contracts primarily have a contract duration of one year or less. The Company elected the practical expedient that allows the Company to not assess a contract for a significant financing component if the period between a customer s payment and the transfer of goods or services is one year or less. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, no significant financing components were present in the Company s contracts. 
 
 or less of the closing date. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, revenue recognized at a point in time from speculative home closings totaled and , respectively. 
 
 In some contracts, the Company is contracted to construct a home or homes on underlying land the customer controls. For these specific contracts, the performance obligation is satisfied over time, as the Company s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls. The Company recognizes revenue for these contracts using the input method based on costs incurred as compared to total estimated project costs. The Company has determined that the cost-based input method provides a faithful depiction of the transfer of goods or services to the customer. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, revenue recognized over time from construction activities on land owned by customers totaled and , respectively. 
 
 For homes with revenue recognized over time, a large portion of the Company s contracts with these customers and the related performance obligations have an original expected duration of one year or less. As a result, the Company elected the practical expedient and does not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for these contracts. 
 
 The Company periodically bills these customers over the term of the project and performs a quarterly analysis between billings and revenue recognized. The Company records a contract asset when work performed by the Company is greater than the amount billed. Conversely, the Company records deferred revenue when the amount billed is greater than the work performed. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded a contract asset of and , respectively, which is included in Prepaid expense and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded deferred revenue of and , respectively, which is included in Other accrued expenses and liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Substantially all deferred revenue is recognized in revenue within twelve months of being received from customers. 
 
 The Company frequently performs reviews of all contracts to estimate profitability in the future. If the estimate of contract profitability indicates an anticipated loss on a contract, the Company recognizes the total estimated loss at the time 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 recognize a loss on any contracts. 
 
 Concurrent with the recognition of revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, sales incentives in the form of price concessions on the selling price of a home are recorded as a reduction of revenues. Revenues include forfeited deposits, which occur when home sale contracts that include a nonrefundable deposit are cancelled. Revenues from forfeited deposits were considered insignificant for all years presented. 
 
 The Company determined that costs to obtain a contract include sales commission paid to agents and brokers for selling services to attract home buyers into sales agreements. The contract term is typically the closing date when the title and consideration are exchanged. The Company adopted the practical expedient associated with ASC 606 to recognize the incremental costs of obtaining a contract as an expense when incurred, i.e., when the amortization period of the asset that the Company otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. 
 
 In December 2022, Legacy UHG entered into sale-leaseback transactions with related parties. The Company recognized revenue of on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 10 - Related party transactions for additional detail on these transactions. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company incurred and , respectively, in advertising and marketing costs. 
 
 Warranties 
 
 Income Taxes 

In connection with its change in status to a taxable entity, the Company has recorded, for the year ended December 31, 2023, discrete items of in order to establish various deferred tax balances, primarily attributable to timing differences in revenue recognition. Similarly, the Company has recorded, for the year ended December 31, 2023, discrete items of to 
 73 

Table of Contents 

warrants issued in connection with DHHC s Initial Public Offering (the Public Warrants ), the Private Placement Warrants (as defined below), Earnout Shares and certain stock options (as discussed in Note 15 - Share-based compensation are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrant instruments, earnout shares and stock options as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each reporting period until they are exercised or issued, respectively. The Public Warrant quoted market price was used as the fair value for the Public Warrants as of December 31, 2023. The Private Placement Warrants and the Earnout shares were valued using a Monte Carlo analysis. See the Earnout and Warrant Liabilities sections below for further detail on each instrument and their classification. Stock options were valued using Black Scholes valuation model. See Note 15 - Share-based compensation for further detail. 
 
 Earnout - In connection with the Business Combination, Earnout Holders are entitled to receive consideration in the form of Earnout Shares upon the Company achieving certain Triggering Events, as described in Note 16 - Earnout shares. The contingent obligations to issue Earnout Shares to the Earnout Holders, excluding Employee Option Holders, are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815. The liabilities were recognized at fair value on the Closing Date and are subsequently remeasured at each reporting date with changes in fair value recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Earnout Shares issuable to Employee Option Holders are considered a separate unit of account from the Earnout Shares issuable to GSH Equity Holders, and the Sponsors, and are accounted for as equity classified stock compensation. The Earnout Shares issuable to Employee Option Holders are fully vested upon issuance, thus there is no requisite service period, and the value of these shares is recognized as a one-time stock compensation expense for the grant date fair value. 
 
 The estimated fair values of the Earnout Shares were determined by using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model using a distribution of potential outcomes on a daily basis over the Earnout Period as defined in Note 16 - Earnout shares . The preliminary estimated fair values of the Earnout Shares were determined using the most reliable information available, including the current trading price of the UHG Class A Common Shares, expected volatility, risk-free rate, expected term and dividend rate. 
 
 The earnout liability is categorized as a Level 3 fair value measurement because the Company estimated projections during the Earnout Period utilizing unobservable inputs. See Note 6 - Fair value measurement for further detail on UHG s accounting policy related to the fair value of financial instruments. 
 
 Warrant Liabilities- The Company assumed publicly-traded warrants Public Warrants from DHHC s initial public offering and private placement warrants originally issued by DHHC Private Placement Warrants and, together with the Public Warrants, the Common Stock Warrants or Warrants ). Upon consummation of the Business Combination, each Common Stock Warrant issued entitled the holder to purchase UHG Class A Common Share at an exercise price of per share. The Common Stock Warrants are exercisable as of April 29, 2023. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Placement Warrants were not transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of the Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions. During the year ended December 31, 2023, Common Stock Warrants were exercised. The Public Warrants are publicly traded and are exercisable for cash unless certain conditions occur which would permit a cashless exercise. The Private Placement Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, subject to certain exceptions. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants are redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

PIPE Investment - million in original principal amount of Notes at a original issue discount and were issued an additional UHG Class A Common Shares. The aggregate proceeds received from the Convertible Note Investors was million. Additionally, in connection with the Business Combination, (i) the PIPE Investors purchased from the Company an aggregate of (A) UHG Class A Common Shares at a purchase price of per share, and (B) UHG Class A Common Shares at a purchase price of per share for gross proceeds to the Company of approximately million, pursuant to the PIPE Subscription Agreements, and (ii) the Lock-Up Investors purchased from the Company an aggregate of UHG Class A Common Shares at a purchase price of per share pursuant to the Share Lock-Up Agreements. Following the closing of the Business Combination, UHG notified each Lock-Up Investor that UHG waived the lock-up restriction contained in the Share Lock-Up Agreements. 
 
 freestanding financial instruments. The Company accounts for the Notes at amortized cost and amortizes the debt discount to interest expense using the effective interest method over the expected term of the Notes pursuant to ASC 835, Interest . The Company accounts for the PIPE Shares as equity, as they are not in the scope of ASC 480. The Company applied the relative fair value method to allocate the million in aggregate proceeds received among the freestanding instruments issued. Specifically, million was allocated to the Notes, and million was allocated to the PIPE Shares. The amount allocated to the PIPE Shares is presented as an increase in additional paid-in capital. 
 
 The Notes are considered a hybrid financial instrument consisting of a debt host and embedded features. The Company evaluated the Notes at issuance for embedded derivative features and the potential need for bifurcation under ASC 815, and determined that the Notes contained embedded derivatives, including conversion features and redemption rights. Although the Company determined that a group of these embedded features which are contingent on certain events occurring, as further discussed in Note 14 - Convertible note payable , would need to be bifurcated, the contingencies themselves are either entirely within the Company s control or based on an event for which management considers the probability of occurring as extremely remote. Therefore, the group of embedded features which are contingent on certain events and required to be bifurcated would likely have minimal or no value and therefore deemed to not be material to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The Company engaged an independent valuation firm to assist with the valuation of the Notes and the PIPE Shares. Refer to Note 14 - Convertible note payable for further valuation details. 
 
 The Company recognized issuance costs of million in connection with the Note Purchase Agreement. Issuance costs are specific incremental costs that are (1) paid to third parties and (2) directly attributable to the issuance of a debt or equity instrument. The issuance costs attributable to the initial sale of the instrument are offset against the associated proceeds in the determination of the instrument s initial net carrying amount. 
 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

75 

Table of Contents 

reportable segments: South Carolina and Other. The South Carolina reporting segment primarily represents UHG s South Carolina homebuilding operations. This segment operates in the Upstate, Midlands, and Coastal regions of South Carolina, as well as a smaller presence in Georgia. The Other segment consists of UHG s homebuilding operations in Raleigh, NC and mortgage operations conducted through a mortgage banking joint venture, Homeowners Mortgage, LLC which do not meet the quantitative thresholds to be disclosed separately. 
 
 The CODM reviews the results of operations, including total revenue and pretax income to assess profitability and allocate resources. 
 
 Other Total segment revenues Reconciling items from equity method investments ) ) Consolidated revenues 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Other Total segment income before taxes Corporate reconciling items (2): Unallocated corporate overhead ) Stock-based compensation expense ) Corporate interest income Corporate interest expense ) Other Change in fair value of derivative liabilities Consolidated income before taxes 
 
 Other Total segment assets Corporate reconciling items (2): Cash and cash equivalents Deferred tax asset Operating lease right-of-use assets Capitalized interest (4) Prepaid expenses and other assets Other Consolidated assets 
 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) The Company s revenue includes revenue recognized at a point in time from speculative home closings, as well as revenue recognized over time from construction activities on land owned by customers. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, all point in time revenue and substantially all over time revenue was recognized at the South Carolina segment. For the year ended December 31, 2023, revenues of the Other segment consisted of income from equity method investments and revenue recognized over time from construction revenue related to Raleigh operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues of the Other segment consisted of income from equity method investments. 
 (2) The corporate reconciling items included prior to consolidated income before taxes include unallocated corporate overhead (which includes all management incentive compensation), stock-based compensation expense, corporate interest income and expense, changes in fair value of derivative liabilities, and other corporate level items. Similarly, reconciling items included prior to consolidated assets include corporate cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets attributable to the corporate entity, and operating lease right-of-use assets. The Company s overhead functions, such as accounting, treasury, and human resources, are centrally performed and the costs and related assets are not allocated to the Company s operating segments. Corporate interest expense primarily consists of interest charges on the Convertible notes. Prior to the merger with DHHC, Legacy UHG did not have a corporate function and therefore did not maintain any corporate level accounts. Following the merger, the Company has implemented a corporate level accounting function, resulting in the need for certain reconciling adjustments in 2023 which did not exist during 2022. 
 (3) In 2023, the Company acquired the selected assets of Herring Homes, LLC and of the common stock of Rosewood Communities, Inc. which resulted in the acquisition of goodwill. See Note 5 - Business acquisitions for further details. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

in cash. The acquisition allows the Company to expand its presence into the Raleigh, North Carolina market. 
 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under ASC 805, Business Combinations under the acquisition method, and the results of operations have been included in the Consolidated Financial Statements since the date of acquisition. The purchase price for the acquisition was allocated based on estimated fair value of the assets and liabilities as of August 18, 2023. The Company recognized the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired as goodwill of . The goodwill arising from the acquisition consists largely of the expected synergies from establishing a market presence in Raleigh and the experience and reputation of the acquired management team. The remaining basis of is primarily comprised of the fair value of the acquired developed lots and lot purchase agreement deposits with limited other assets and liabilities. Transaction costs were not material and were expensed as incurred. 
 
 The Company has entered into an agreement with Herring Homes to provide certain services including providing the use of UHG employees to finish unacquired WIP and treasury management in exchange for fees outlined in the agreement. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded , , and in Revenue, Other (expense) income, net, and Cost of sales, respectively. Subsequent to the acquisition, UHG acquired lots and homes under construction in separate transactions for a fair value of million and million, respectively, in the Raleigh, North Carolina market. 
 
 Rosewood 
 
 On October 25, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of of the common stock of Rosewood Communities, Inc., a South Carolina corporation Rosewood (the Rosewood Acquisition for a purchase price of , of which was in cash. The remaining purchase price is related to a warranty cost reserve and contingent consideration based on of the EBITDA attributable to Rosewood s business through December 31, 2025. The initial estimate of the contingent consideration is approximately , which will be recorded as compensation expense if and when it is earned. The acquisition allows the Company to further expand its presence in the Upstate region of South Carolina. 
 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under ASC 805, Business Combinations under the acquisition method, and the results of operations have been included in the Consolidated Financial Statements since the date of acquisition. The purchase price for the acquisition was allocated based on estimated fair value of the assets and liabilities as of October 25, 2023. The amounts for intangible assets were based on third-party valuations performed. The Company recognized the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired as goodwill of (all of which is tax deductible). The goodwill arising from the acquisition consists largely of the expected synergies from expanding the Company s market presence in South Carolina and the experience and reputation of the acquired management team. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded Revenue and Net income (loss) of and ), respectively, related to Rosewood operations. Transaction costs of related to this transaction were expensed as incurred within the Selling, general and administrative expense line item in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

78 

Table of Contents 

 Inventories Lot purchase agreement deposits Other assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets Goodwill Liabilities ) Total purchase price 
 
 In connection with the Rosewood acquisition, the Company recorded contingent consideration based on the estimated EBITDA attributable to Rosewood s business through December 31, 2025. The measurement of contingent consideration was based on projected cash flows such as revenues, gross margin, overhead expenses and EBITDA and discounted to present value. The Company recorded the fair value of the contingent consideration within Other accrued expenses and liabilities on the acquisition date. The estimated earn-out payments are subsequently remeasured to fair value at each reporting date based on the estimated future earnings of the acquired entity and the re-assessment of risk-adjusted discount rates. Maximum potential exposure for contingent consideration is not estimable based on the contractual terms of the contingent consideration agreement, which allows for a percentage payout based on a potentially unlimited range of EBITDA. 
 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information 
 
 The following unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations are provided for illustrative purposes only and have been presented as if the Herring Homes and Rosewood acquisitions had occurred on January 1, 2022. Unaudited pro forma net income adjusts the operating results of the stated acquisitions to reflect the additional costs that would have been recorded assuming the fair value adjustments had been applied as of the beginning of the year preceding the year of acquisition, including the tax-effected amortization of the inventory step-up and transaction costs. 
 
 Net income 

79 

Table of Contents 

 . See Note 14 - Convertible note payable for further details on how the fair value was estimated. 
 
 The remaining financial instruments except for Derivative private placement warrants liability, Contingent earnout liability, Derivative stock option liability, Contingent consideration and Convertible note payable are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because the Company values these instruments either based on recent trades of securities in active markets or based on quoted market prices of similar instruments and other significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. 
 
 The estimated fair value of the Derivative private placement warrants liability, Contingent earnout liability, Derivative stock option liability, Contingent consideration and Convertible note payable is determined using Level 3 inputs. The models and significant assumptions used in preparing the valuations are disclosed in Note 17 - Warrant liability, Note 16 - Earnout shares, Note 15 - Share-based compensation , Note 5 - Business acquisitions , and Note 14 - Convertible note payable respectively. 
 
 assets or liabilities that are measured at fair value as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Contingent earnout liability Derivative private placement warrant liability Derivative public warrant liability Derivative stock option liability Total derivative liability Contingent consideration Total fair value 
 
 Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the beginning of the reporting period. There were transfers to/from levels during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Recognition Forfeitures ) ) Exercise of liability awards ) Change in fair value ) ) Liability at December 31, 2023 

80 

Table of Contents 

Interest incurred Interest expensed: Amortized to cost of sales ) ) Directly to interest expense ) Capitalized interest at December 31: 

Furniture and fixtures Land Leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Office equipment Vehicles Total Property and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

81 

Table of Contents 

 , all outstanding debt is considered short-term as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Regions Bank Flagstar Bank United Bank Third Coast Bank Other Notes Payable Total debt on contracts 
 
 December 31, 2022 Weighted average interest rate Homebuilding Debt - Wells Fargo Syndication Other Affiliates (1) 
 Total Wells Fargo Bank Regions Bank Texas Capital Bank Truist Bank First National Bank Anderson Brothers Total debt on contracts 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Outstanding balances relate to bank financing for land acquisition and development activities of Other Affiliates for which the Company is the co-obligor or has an indirect guarantee of the indebtedness of the Other Affiliates. In addition, the of Other Affiliates Debt with Wells Fargo Bank as of December 31, 2022 is part of the Wells Fargo Syndication. 
 
 Wells Fargo Syndication 
 
 In July 2021, the Nieri Group entities entered into a Syndicated Credit Agreement Syndicated Line with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo ). The Syndicated Line was a revolving credit facility with a maturity date of July 2024, and an option to extend the maturity date for that could be exercised upon approval from Wells Fargo. The Syndicated Line also included a letter of credit as a sub-facility subjected to the same terms and conditions as the Syndicated Line. The Syndicated Line was amended and restated First Amendment on March 30, 2023 Amendment Date in connection with the Business Combination (as defined in Note 1 - Nature of operations and basis of presentation and made GSH the sole borrower of the Syndicated Line. An additional amendment and restatement Second Amendment was entered into on August 10, 2023 Second Amendment Date ). As a result of the Second Amendment, UHG became a co-borrower of the Syndicated Line, the maximum borrowing capacity was increased to , and the maturity date was extended to August 10, 2026. In addition, Wells Fargo Bank and Regions Bank increased their participation in the Syndicated Line, lenders exited the Syndicated Line, and 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 lenders joined as new participants of the Syndicated Line. An additional amendment Third Amendment was entered into on December 22, 2023 Third Amendment Date and amended the debt service coverage ratio and minimum liquidity financial covenants. No other significant terms of the arrangements were changed other than those relating to the financial covenants and interest rate terms described below. 
 
 The availability of funds are based on the inventory value at the time of the draw request. The remaining availability to be drawn down on the Syndicated Line was as of December 31, 2023 and as of December 31, 2022. The Company pays a fee ranging between and basis points per annum depending on the unused amount of the Syndicated Line. The fee is computed on a daily basis and paid quarterly in arrears. 
 
 The Syndicated Line contains financial covenants which were revised during 2023 as a result of the amendments referenced above. As of December 31, 2023, the financial covenants listed in the Syndicated Line included (a) a minimum tangible net worth of no less than the sum of (i) million and (ii) of positive actual consolidated earnings earned in any fiscal quarter, (iii) of new equity contributed to the Company, (iv) of any increase in tangible net worth resulting from an equity issuance upon the conversion or exchange of any security constituting indebtedness that is convertible or exchangeable, or is being converted or exchanged, for equity interests; and (v) of the amount of any repurchase of equity interests in the Company; (b) a maximum leverage covenant that prohibits the leverage ratio from exceeding to 1.00 until December 31, 2023, and to 1.00 for any fiscal quarter thereafter; (c) a minimum debt service coverage ratio to be no less than to 1.00 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter; (d) a minimum liquidity amount of not less than the greater of (y) or (z) an amount equal to x the trailing twelve month interest incurred; and (e) unrestricted cash of not less than of the required liquidity at all times. The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants as of December 31, 2023, and prior fiscal quarters in 2023. Legacy UHG was in compliance with all debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The interest rates on the borrowings under the Syndicated Line vary based on the leverage ratio. In connection with the First Amendment, the benchmark interest rate was converted from LIBOR to Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), with no changes in the applicable rate margins. The interest rate is based on the greater of either LIBOR prior to Amendment Date or SOFR post Amendment Date plus an applicable margin (ranging from basis points to basis points) based on the Company s leverage ratio as determined in accordance with a pricing grid, or the base rate plus the aforementioned applicable margin. 
 
 Other Affiliates Debt 
 
 The amounts in Other Affiliates Debt are unrelated to the operations of Legacy UHG, and therefore, an equal amount is included as an offset in Retained Earnings in lieu of Additional paid-in capital following the retroactive application of the recapitalization. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, Other Affiliates borrowed , and , respectively. These amounts are recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, financing activities section, with borrowings presented as Proceeds from other affiliate debt and repayments as Repayments of other affiliate debt. On February 27, 2023, Legacy UHG paid off Wells Fargo debt associated with Other Affiliates in the amount of and on February 28, 2023, Legacy UHG was released as a co-obligor from the Anderson Brothers debt associated with Other Affiliates in anticipation of the Business Combination that closed on March 30, 2023 as discussed in Note 1 - Nature of operations and basis of presentation . As a result there is remaining debt balance associated with Other Affiliates as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 In connection with the amendments of the Syndicated Line, the Company incurred debt issuance costs, of which is deferred and will be amortized over the remaining life of the Syndicated Line. The amendments are accounted for as modifications of an existing line of credit under ASC 470, Debt for any lenders that continue to participate in the Syndicated Line, therefore, any previously unamortized deferred costs related to those lenders continue to be amortized over the remaining life of the Syndicated Line. The Company expensed all remaining unamortized deferred costs for any lenders that no longer participate in the Syndicated Line as of the Second Amendment Date. The Company recognized and , respectively, of amortized deferred financing costs within Other (expense) income, net for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Outstanding deferred financing costs related to the Company s Homebuilding debt were and as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and are included in Prepaid expenses and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as the debt is a revolving arrangement. 
 
 Other Notes Payable 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 as of December 31, 2023, which are comprised of other notes payable acquired in the normal course of business. These notes have maturities ranging up to . The effective interest rates on these notes range from to . 

as an asset on the Balance Sheet as the Company was reasonably certain that this amount would be collected because both parties had entered into a binding construction contract and agreed on the expected contract price. ) Other activities ) ) ) Total financing cash flows ) ) ) Non-cash activities Settlement of co-obligor debt to other affiliates Release of guarantor from GSH to shareholder Credit for earnest money deposits Total non-cash activity 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 Land Development Affiliates Other Operating Affiliates Total Financing cash flows: Land development expense ) ) ) Other activities Cash transfer, net of repayment of 
 ) ) Total financing cash flows ) ) ) Non-cash activities 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Total non-cash activity 
 
 Land development expense Represents costs that were paid for by Legacy UHG that relate to the Land Development Affiliates operations. The Land Development Affiliates acquire raw parcels of land and develop them so that Legacy UHG can build houses on the land. 
 
 Other activities Represent other transactions with Legacy UHG s Other Affiliates. This includes, predominately, rent expense incurred for leased model homes and payment of real estate taxes. 
 
 Settlement of co-obligor debt to other affiliates The amount represents the settlement of Wells Fargo debt associated with Other Affiliates. 
 
 Release of guarantor from GSH to shareholder The amount represents that Legacy UHG was released as a co-obligor from the Anderson Brothers debt associated with Other Affiliates. 
 
 Credit for earnest money deposits The amount represents credit received from a Legacy UHG affiliate in relation to lot deposits that Legacy UHG paid on behalf of the affiliate. 
 
 Cash transfer A direct cash contribution to Other Affiliates from Legacy UHG. Legacy UHG transferred cash to a related party. This cash transfer was in anticipation of separating the homebuilding operations from land development operations. 
 
 Acquisition of developed lots from related parties in settlement of Due from Other Affiliates Once the Land Development Affiliates of Legacy UHG developed the raw parcels of land, they transferred the land to Legacy UHG in a non-cash transaction. The transfer amount was derived from the costs incurred to develop the land. 
 
 Sale-leaseback transaction s 
 
 In December 2022, Legacy UHG sold completed model homes with entities owned or partially owned by the founder and CEO of the Company. The Company received the proceeds in the form of a cash payment. The Company is responsible for preparing and actively marketing the homes for sale. As the executed contracts for the sale contain commercial substance, legal title of the model homes transferred to the related parties, and there was a transfer of risk and reward, the Company accounted for these transactions as a sale-leaseback. Legacy UHG determined that the sale of completed homes is part of the Company s ordinary activities. Accordingly, revenue and cost of sales of and , respectively, were recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 In connection with these transactions, Legacy UHG simultaneously entered into individual lease agreements for all model homes sold, whereby Legacy UHG is the lessee. The leases commenced on January 1, 2023. The Company is responsible for paying the operating expenses associated with the model homes while under lease. of the individual leases had a lease term greater than twelve months. In connection with these leases, the Company recognized an operating lease right-of-use-asset and a corresponding operating lease liability of . 
 
 The rent expense associated with sale-leaseback agreements that mature in less than 12 months (and are excluded thus from the ROU asset and lease liability) is for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Leases 
 
 In addition to the transactions above, the Company has entered into separate operating lease agreements with a related party. The terms of the lease, including rent expense and future minimum payments, are described in Note 13 - Commitments and contingencies . 
 
 The Company is currently occupying office space owned by a related party for its office headquarters. The Company took possession of the space in October 1, 2023 and pays rent based on the square footage within the building occupied by the Company multiplied by a stated rate which was approved by the Related Party Transactions Committee. The Company has capitalized a lease liability and corresponding right-of-use asset based on the assumption that the 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 term, under the rate per square foot previously approved by the Related Party Transactions Committee. 
 
 Services agreement 
 The Company shares office spaces with a related party and certain employees of the Company provide services to the same related party, as such, the Company is allocating certain shared costs to the related party in line with a predetermined methodology based on headcount. During the year ended December 31, 2023 the Company allocated overhead costs to the related party in the amount of and was charged for property maintenance services in the amount of by the same related party. The remaining balance outstanding as of December 31, 2023 is a receivable of and is presented within Due from related party on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 General contracting 
 The Company has been engaged as a general contractor by several related parties. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, Revenue of and , respectively, and Cost of sales of and , respectively, were recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Other 
 The Company utilizes a related party vendor to perform certain civil engineering services. For the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022 expenses of and , respectively, were recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The Company utilized a related party vendor for certain site contracting services. For the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022 expenses of and , respectively, were recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 In 2023, the Company began utilizing a related party vendor for certain aviation services. For the year ended December 31, 2023, expenses of were recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 In 2023, the Company began utilizing a related party vendor for certain professional and legal services. For the year ended December 31, 2023, expenses of were recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

- of the agreed-upon fixed purchase price of the developed lots. In exchange for the deposit, the Company receives the right to purchase the finished developed lot at a preestablished price. Such contracts enable the Company to defer acquiring portions of properties owned by third parties until the Company determines whether and when to complete such acquisition, which may serve to reduce financial risks associated with long-term land holdings. 
 
 Prior to the Business Combination, when Legacy UHG was acquiring lots through Land Development Affiliates, it did not have to pay deposits as the land development operations were owned by the shareholders of GSH. As such, the table below as of December 31, 2022 does not include lot purchase agreement deposits with related parties, and it consists of unrelated third party lot purchase agreement deposits only. 
 
 Post Business Combination, the Company continues to purchase lots from the former Land Development Affiliates of Legacy UHG, however, as the Company is no longer owned by the shareholders of GSH, the Company must pay lot purchase agreement deposits to acquire lots. As such, as of December 31, 2023 all interests in lot purchase agreements, including with related parties, is recorded within Lot purchase agreement deposits on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and presented in the table below. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Remaining purchase price Total contract value 
 
 Out of the lot purchase agreement deposits outstanding as of December 31, 2023, are with related parties. 

Reserves provided Payments for warranty costs and other ) ) Warranty reserves at December 31 

office space in North Carolina with a third party. The office leases have a remaining lease term of up to , some of which include options to extend on a month-to-month basis, and some of which include options to terminate the lease. These options are excluded from the calculation of the ROU asset and lease liability until it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. The Company recognized an operating lease expense of and within Selling, general, and administrative expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Operating lease expense included variable lease expense of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The weighted-average discount rate for the operating leases was and during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The weighted-average remaining lease term was and years for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Legacy UHG closed on sale-leaseback transactions with related parties. For information on sale-leaseback transaction with related parties, see Note 10 - Related party transactions . 

87 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total undiscounted operating lease liabilities Interest on operating lease liabilities ) Total present value of operating lease liabilities 
 
 The Company has certain leases which have initial lease terms of twelve months or less short-term leases ). The Company elected to exclude these leases from recognition, and these leases have not been included in operating ROU assets and operating lease liabilities. The Company recorded and of rent expense related to the short-term leases within Selling, general and administrative expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Litigation 
 
 The Company is subject to various claims and lawsuits that may arise primarily in the ordinary course of business, which consist mainly of construction defect claims. In the opinion of management, the disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. When the Company believes that a loss is probable and reasonably estimable, the Company will record an expense and corresponding contingent liability. As of the date of these Consolidated Financial Statements, management believes that the Company has not incurred a liability as a result of any claims. 

million in original principal amount of Notes at a original issue discount and were issued an additional UHG Class A Common Shares. The aggregate proceeds of the PIPE Investment were million. 
 
 The Notes mature on March 30, 2028, and bear interest at a rate of . The Company has the option to pay any accrued and unpaid interest at a rate in excess of either in cash or by capitalizing such interest and adding it to the then outstanding principal amount of the Notes PIK Interest ). The Company has elected to pay the full accrued and unpaid interest in excess of in cash rather than PIK Interest. The effective interest rate on the Notes is . 
 
 The Notes are convertible at the holder s option into UHG Class A Common Shares at any time after March 30, 2024 through March 30, 2028, at a per share price (the Initial Conversion Price equal to of volume-weighted average trading sale price VWAP per UHG Class A Common Share during the consecutive trading days prior to March 30, 2024 (the Measurement Period ). Pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, the Initial Conversion Price has a floor of per share and a cap of per share. The Initial Conversion Price is subject to adjustments for certain anti-dilution provisions as provided in the Notes. If an anti-dilution event occurs, the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion may be higher than implied by the Initial Conversion Price. Each Note is also convertible at the Company s option into UHG Class A Common Shares, at any time after the second anniversary of the Closing Date if the VWAP per UHG Class A Common Share exceeds for trading days in a consecutive trading day period. The Company was not required to bifurcate either of these conversion features as they met the derivative classification scope exception as described in ASC 815-15. 
 
 The Notes may be redeemed by the Company at any time prior to days before March 30, 2028, by repaying all principal and interest amounts outstanding at the time of redemption plus a make-whole amount equal to the additional interest that would accrue if the Notes remained outstanding through their maturity date. The Company was not required to 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Unamortized Discount ) Carrying Value 
 
 Interest expense included within Other income (expense), net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations was million for the Notes for year ended December 31, 2023. Interest expense included within Cost of sales on the Consolidated Statements of Operations was million for the Notes for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Expected Volatility Expected Dividend Yield 
 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon bond used to reduce any projected future cash flows derived from the payoff of the Notes as UHG common shares. 
 
 Expected Volatility The Company s expected volatility was estimated based on the average historical volatility for comparable publicly traded companies. 
 
 . 

common shares to be issued as equity-based awards to directors and employees of GSH. The number of awards reserved was subject to change based on certain corporate events or changes in GSH s capital structure and the shares vest ratably over . The 2022 Plan defined awards to include incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock bonus awards, and performance compensation awards. Effective as of March 30, 2023, in connection with the Business Combination, the 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 of the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock on the immediately preceding December 31, or such lesser amount as determined by the Company's board of directors. As of December 31, 2023, common shares are authorized to be issued under the 2023 Plan. 
 
 The Company concluded that the replacement stock options issued in connection with the Business Combination did not require accounting for effects of the modification under ASC 718 as it was concluded that a) the fair value of the replacement award is the same as the fair value of the original award immediately before the original award was replaced, b) there were no changes in the vesting terms, and c) the classification of awards did not change. 
 
 :1. In addition, the exercise price for each replacement stock option was also adjusted using the Exchange Ratio. 
 
 Stock options Weighted-Average per Share Exercise price Outstanding, December 31, 2022 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2023 Options exercisable at December 31, 2023 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of the stock options outstanding was and as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of the stock options exercisable was and as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The intrinsic value of a stock option is the amount by which the fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the price of the option. The aggregate intrinsic value excludes the effect of stock options that have a zero or negative intrinsic value. 
 
 The Company recognizes stock compensation expense resulting from the equity-based awards over the requisite service period. Stock compensation expense is recorded based on the estimated fair value of the equity based award on the grant date using the Black Scholes valuation model. Stock compensation expense is recognized in the Selling, general and administrative expense line item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Stock compensation expense included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. As of December 31, 2023, there was unrecognized stock compensation expense related to non-vested stock option arrangements totaling . The weighted average period over which the unrecognized stock compensation expense is expected to be recognized is years. 
 
 Prior to the Business Combination, Legacy UHG s common stock was not publicly traded, and it estimated the fair value of common stock based on the combination of the three methods: (i) the discounted cash flow method of the income approach; (ii) the guideline company method of the market approach; and (iii) the subject transaction method of the market approach. 
 
 Legacy UHG considered numerous objective and subjective factors to determine the fair value of the Company s common stock. The factors considered included, but were not limited to: (i) the results of periodic independent third-party valuations; (ii) nature of the business and history of the enterprise from its inception; (iii) the economic outlook in general and for the specific industry; (iv) the book value of the stock and financial condition of the business; (v) earning and 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 - 
 Expected volatility Expected dividend yield Expected life (in years) Fair value of options - 

Risk-Free Interest Rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon bond issued in effect at the time of the grant for the periods corresponding with the expected term of the stock option. 
 
 Expected Volatility GSH s expected volatility was estimated based on the average volatility for comparable publicly traded companies over a period equal to the expected term of the options. 
 
 Expected Dividend Yield The dividend yield is based on the history and expectation of dividend payouts. The Company does not expect to pay cash dividends to shareholders during the term of options, therefore the expected dividend yield is determined to be . 
 
 Expected Life The expected term represents the period the options granted are expected to be outstanding in years. As the Company does not have sufficient historical experience for determining the expected term, the expected term has been derived based on the SAB 107 simplified method for awards that qualify as plain-vanilla options. 
 
 Certain stock options issued under the 2023 Plan are issued to individuals who are not employees of the Company and who are not providing goods or services to the Company. These options are recognized in accordance with ASC 815 as a derivative liability and marked to market at each reporting period end. The derivative liability of stock options amounts to and is included within Derivative liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units RSUs 
 
 On September 12, 2023, the Company granted time-based restricted stock units to certain participants under the 2023 Plan that are stock-settled with UHG Class A Common Shares. The time-based restricted stock units granted under the 2023 Plan vest annually over . Stock-based compensation expense included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for time-based restricted stock units was for the year ended December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, there was unrecognized pre-tax compensation expense of related to time-based restricted stock units that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

91 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2023 
 
 Stock warrants 
 
 In January 2022, Legacy UHG granted an option to non-employee directors to purchase stock warrants for . Each warrant represents non-voting common share. The warrants are exercisable at per warrant, which represents an out-of-the-money strike price. The warrants can be exercised for years starting from July 1, 2022. Using the Black-Scholes valuation model, Legacy UHG determined the aggregate fair value of these warrants to be approximately as of the grant date. Because there is no continued service requirement for the warrant holders, the Company recorded a one-time stock compensation expense in the amount of within the Selling, general and administrative expense line item in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 warrants granted during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Inputs December 31, 2022 Risk free interest rate Expected volatility Expected dividend yield Expected life (in years) Fair value of warrants granted 
 
 The methodology for determining the inputs is consistent with the input methodology for stock options as described above. 
 
 In March 2022, the warrant holders purchased the warrants in exchange for cash consideration. This amount was recorded directly to Additional paid-in capital in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 The outstanding stock warrants prior to the Business Combination were converted into warrants to acquire a number of shares of Common Stock of the Company based on the Exchange Ratio for the UHG common shares in the Business Combination. The above stock warrants figures are presented giving effect to a retroactive application of the Business Combination which resulted in a conversion of the warrants at an Exchange Ratio of approximately :1. In addition, the exercise price for each converted stock warrant was also adjusted using the Exchange Ratio. Each converted stock warrant is subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable prior to the conversion. 
 
 On April 28, 2023, a warrant holder of the stock warrants exercised their warrants. stock warrants were exercised in a cashless exercise whereby the Company issued UHG Class A Common Shares in accordance with the conversion terms. As of December 31, 2023, there are stock warrants outstanding. 
 
 Earnout Employee Optionholders 
 The Earnout Shares issuable to holders of equity stock options as of the Closing Date are accounted for as equity classified stock compensation and do not have a requisite service period. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized a one-time stock-based compensation expense related to the Earnout of , which is excluded from the above stock-based compensation expense table. See Note 16 - Earnout shares for the assumptions and inputs used in the valuation of the Earnout Shares. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

period after the Closing Earnout Period ), eligible GSH Equity Holders and Employee Option Holders are entitled to receive up to Earnout Shares. Additionally, and pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement, the Sponsor surrendered DHHC Class B Shares for the contingent right to receive Earnout Shares. All Earnout Shares issuable to GSH Equity Holders, Employee Option Holders and the Sponsors are subject to the same Triggering Events (defined below). 
 
 On the date when the VWAP of one share of the UHG Class A Common Shares quoted on the NASDAQ has been greater than or equal to , , Triggering Event I, Triggering Event II, and Triggering Event III, respectively, and together the Triggering Events for any trading days within any consecutive trading day period within the Earnout Period, the eligible GSH Equity Holders, Employee Option Holders, and the Sponsors will receive Earnout Shares distributed on a pro-rata basis. For Triggering Event I and Triggering Event II, of Earnout Shares will be released and following the achievement of Triggering Event III, of Earnout Shares will be released. 
 
 As discussed in Note 3 - Summary of significant accounting policies , there are units of account within the Earnout Shares depending on the Earnout Holder. If the Earnout Holder is either a GSH Equity Holder or Sponsor, the instrument will be accounted for as a derivative liability. If the Earnout Holder is an Employee Option Holder, the instrument will be accounted for as an equity classified award. 
 
 Stock compensation Total Earnout Shares 
 
 As of March 30, 2023, the fair value of the Earnout Shares was per share issuable upon Triggering Event I, per share issuable upon Triggering Event II and per share issuable upon Triggering Event III. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Earnout Shares was per share issuable upon Triggering Event I, per share issuable upon Triggering Event II and per share issuable upon Triggering Event III. 
 
 The estimated fair value of the Earnout Shares was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation using a distribution of potential outcomes on a daily basis over the Earnout Period. 
 
 Stock price targets , , 
 , , 
 Expected life (in years) Earnout period (in years) Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Expected dividend yield 
 
 The change in the fair value of the Earnout Shares between March 30, 2023 and December 31, 2023 resulted in a gain of and was primarily attributable to the decrease in the current stock price of the Company from as of March 30, 2023 to as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 As none of the earnout Triggering Events have occurred as of December 31, 2023, no shares have been distributed. 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 of the Private Placement Warrants were forfeited. The remaining Private Placement Warrants were recognized as a liability on the Closing Date at fair value. The Private Placement Warrant liability is recognized in accordance with ASC 815 as a derivative liability and marked to market at each reporting period end. The change in fair value of the private placement warrant liability for the year ended December 31, 2023 resulted in a loss of million. These changes are included in Change in fair value of derivative liabilities on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 Exercise price Expected life (in years) Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Expected dividend yield 
 
 million. These changes are included in Change in fair value of derivative liabilities on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. 
 
 In addition, when it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination by a tax authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information, the Company measures the amount of tax benefit from the position and records the largest amount of tax benefit that is more likely than not of being realized after settlement with a tax authority. The Company s policy is to recognize interest to be paid on an underpayment of income taxes in interest expense within Other income (expense), net and any related statutory penalties in Income tax expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2023 there was reserves for uncertain tax positions. 
 
 Tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. Significant judgment is required in determining tax expense and in evaluating tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties under GAAP. The Company reviews its tax positions quarterly and adjusts its tax balances as new legislation is enacted or new information becomes available. 

94 

Table of Contents 

 State Total current expense Deferred expense: Federal ) State ) Total deferred (benefit) ) Total income tax expense 
 
 State income taxes, net of federal tax Change in fair value of derivative liabilities ) ) Non-deductible expenses Change in tax status Income tax expense 
 
 Warranty reserve Other accrued expenses and liabilities Stock-based compensation Interest expense Operating lease liabilities Start-up/organization costs Other Total deferred tax asset Deferred tax liabilities: 481(a) Unfavorable Adjustment ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Property, plant and equipment, net ) Operating right-of-use assets ) Other ) Total deferred tax liability ) Net deferred tax asset 
 
 The Company evaluates both positive and negative evidence on a quarterly basis in determining the need for a valuation allowance with respect to the Company s deferred tax assets. The accounting for deferred tax assets is based 
 95 

Table of Contents 

of the participant s base salary rate at and of the next for a maximum contribution of . In addition, participants become vested with respect to employer contributions after completing of service starting in 2021. Administrative costs for the plan were paid by the Company. 
 
 Total employer contributions paid to the plans for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were approximately and , respectively. These amounts are recorded in Selling, general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

96 

Table of Contents 

 Basic income available to common shareholders Effect of dilutive securities: Add back: Interest on Convertible note, net of tax Change in fair value of stock options - liability classified, net of tax ) Diluted income available to common shareholders Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive securities: Convertible notes Stock options - equity classified Stock options - liability classified Stock warrants Restricted stock units Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding - diluted Net earnings per common share: Basic Diluted 
 
 Public warrants Total anti-dilutive features 
 
 Earnout Shares are excluded from the anti-dilutive table above for the year ended December 31, 2023, as the underlying shares remain contingently issuable as the Earnout Triggering Events have not been satisfied . 

in cash. The acquisition allows UHG to further expand its presence in the coastal region of South Carolina, particularly in the Myrtle Beach, SC area. The Company has not yet completed its evaluation and determination of consideration paid and certain assets and liabilities acquired in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations. 
 
 On January 26, 2024, the Company entered into the Second Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. As a result of this amendment the Company established a process for the joinder of additional subsidiary borrowers of the Company, and Rosewood was joined, jointly and severally with the Company and GSH as a borrower to the Syndicated Line. 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 PSUs and stock options to various employees, and stock options to a consultant of the Company. The PSUs will vest upon the date, if any, during the period through March 30, 2028, that the volume weighted average price VWAP of the Company s Class A common stock for out of the preceding consecutive trading days is greater than or equal to . The stock options will vest ratably over , other than the stock options issued to the consultant, the vesting of which is contingent upon the occurrence of a specified event. The Committee also granted RSUs to various employees, which RSUs will vest ratably over . Vesting of each of the foregoing awards is generally subject to the recipient s continued service to the Company through the vesting date. In addition, the Board approved equity awards for the Company s non-management directors, consisting of (i) a total of stock options, which will vest ratably over , subject to potential accelerated vesting on the date, if any, that the VWAP of the Company s Class A common stock for out of the preceding consecutive trading days is greater than or equal to , and (ii) a total of RSUs, which immediately vested, issuable to those directors that serve as chairpersons of Board committees. All awards were granted under the 2023 Plan. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 UHG maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its reports filed under the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including its Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as UHG s are designed to do, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the risk related to controls and procedures. 
 
 In connection with the preparation of this Form 10-K, as of December 31, 2023, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of UHG s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, management concluded that as of December 31, 2023, UHG did not maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures because of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 
 Nevertheless, based on the performance of additional procedures by management designed to ensure reliability of financial reporting, management has concluded that, notwithstanding the material weaknesses described below, the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K, fairly present, in all material respects, the Company s financial position, results of operations, and cash flows as of the dates, and for the periods presented, in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of management including its CEO and CFO, UHG conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the foregoing evaluation, management concluded that UHG s internal controls over financial reporting were not effective because of the material weaknesses discussed below. 
 
 This annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from UHG s independent registered public accounting firm due to UHG s status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 
 
 UHG has identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in a company s internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of its annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. UHG identified material weaknesses in its internal controls in the following areas: ineffective tax review controls; lack of second level reviews in business processes; lack of formal control review and documentation required by COSO principles; ineffective Information Technology General Controls ITGCs related to certain systems, applications, and tools used for financial reporting; and the Company did not establish effective user access and segregation of duties controls across financially relevant functions. None of these deficiencies resulted in a material misstatement to UHG s annual or interim Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Management s Remediation Measures 
 
 Other than the material weakness related to ineffective tax review controls, the aforementioned material weaknesses were identified in 2022. While the Company has improved its organizational capabilities and remediated five of the material weaknesses during 2023, four material weaknesses remain un-remediated as of December 31, 2023, including the material weakness identified in 2023 related to tax review controls failing to properly identify and account for certain deferred tax assets and liabilities and related tax expense due to certain complex or nonrecurring transactions. The Company s remediation efforts will continue to take place. Management is committed to maintaining a strong internal control environment. In response to the identified material weaknesses in the overall control environment, management has taken a number of remediation actions during the year ended December 31, 2023, and are continuing its actions. Remediation actions taken during the year are outlined below. 
 
 As mentioned above, the Company concluded that five of the previously identified material weaknesses have been remediated. Remediation steps taken by UHG include the following: 
 
 implemented an appropriate evaluation of accounting policies and complex accounting transactions in accordance with U.S. GAAP, including recording revenues and cost of sales in accordance with ASC 606; 
 implemented controls to ensure appropriate identification, review, documentation, and reporting of related party transactions; 
 implemented controls to ensure an appropriate recordation of certain expenses and payables, which includes recording in prior periods; 
 designed and implemented appropriate segregation of duties; and 
 performed an appropriate review of multiple key controls against COSO principles. 
 
 UHG is also currently implementing additional measures which include: 
 
 review and enhancement of IT general controls over information systems relevant to financial reporting, including privileged access and segregation of duties; 
 continued realignment of existing personnel and the addition of both internal and external personnel to strengthen management s review and documentation over internal control over financial reporting; 
 implement a more thorough second level review process over the tax provision. 
 
 UHG will continue to review and improve its internal controls over financial reporting to address the underlying causes of the material weaknesses and control deficiencies. Such material weaknesses and control deficiencies will not be remediated until UHG s remediation plan has been fully implemented, and it has concluded that its internal controls are operating effectively for a sufficient period of time. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Except for the material weaknesses and the remediation efforts described above, no other change in UHG s internal control over financial reporting (as defined by Rules 13a015(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2023, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information called for by Item 10 will be set forth in UHG s definitive proxy statement relating to the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2024 Proxy Statement ), which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference pursuant to Instruction G to Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information called for by Item 11 will be set forth in the 2024 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference pursuant to Instruction G to Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information called for by Item 12 will be set forth in the 2024 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference pursuant to Instruction G to Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information called for by Item 13 will be set forth in the 2024 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference pursuant to Instruction G to Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information called for by Item 14 will be set forth in the 2024 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference pursuant to Instruction G to Form 10-K. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Exhibit Description 2.1 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated September 10, 2022, by and between DiamondHead Holdings Corp., Merger Sub and Great Southern Homes, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on February 9, 2023) 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of United Homes Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 5, 2023) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of United Homes Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2023) 
 4.1 Warrant Agreement, dated January 25, 2021, by and between American Stock Transfer Trust Company and DiamondHead Holdings Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 25, 2021) 
 4.2 Senior Convertible Promissory Note, dated March 30, 2023, by and between the Company and Conversant Opportunity Master Fund LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 28, 2023) 
 4.3 Senior Convertible Promissory Note, dated March 30, 2023, by and between the Company and Dendur Master Fund Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 28, 2023) 
 4.4 Description of securities 
 10.1 Form of Subscription Agreement, by and between DiamondHead Holdings Corp. and the investors party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on January 15, 2021) 
 10.2 Letter Agreement, dated January 25, 2021, by and between DiamondHead Holdings Corp. and its executive officers, its directors, and DHP SPAC-II Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2021) 
 10.3 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated January 25, 2021, by and between DiamondHead Holdings Corp. and DHP SPAC-II Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2021) 
 10.4 Form of Indemnity Agreement by and between DiamondHead Holdings Corp. and certain of its officers and directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2021) 
 10.5 Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement, dated March 21, 2023, by and between the Company and the investors identified on the signature page thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 28, 2023) 
 10.6 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 30, 2023, by and between the Company and parties identified on the signature page thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 28, 2023) 
 10.7 Form of Share Issuance and Lock-Up Agreement, by and between DiamondHead Holdings Corp. and the investor identified on the signature page thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 28, 2023) 
 10.8 Form of Subscription Agreement, by and between DiamondHead Holdings Corp. and the investor identified on the signature page thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 28, 2023) 
 10.9 Share Subscription Agreement, dated March 30, 2023, by and between the Company and Conversant Opportunity Master Fund LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 28, 2023) 
 10.10 Share Subscription Agreement, dated March 30, 2023, by and between the Company and Hazelview Securities Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 28, 2023) 
 10.11 Share Subscription Agreement, dated March 30, 2023, by and between the Company and Dendur Master Fund Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 28, 2023) 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 10.12 Share Subscription Agreement, dated March 30, 2023, by and between the Company and Jasper Lake Ventures One LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 28, 2023) 
 10.13 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between the Company and certain of its officers and directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 28, 2023) 
 10.14 United Homes Group, Inc. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 28, 2023) 
 10.15 Employment Agreement, dated March 30, 2023, by and between the Company and Michael Nieri (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2023) 
 10.16 Employment Agreement, dated July 17 , 2023, by and between the Company and John G. Micenko Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 17 , 2023) 
 10.17 Employment Agreement, dated March 30, 2023, by and between the Company and T om O Grady 
 10.18 Form of Time-Based Stock Option Award and Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2024) 
 10.19 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award and Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2024) 
 10.20 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2023, among United Homes Group, Inc., Great Southern Homes, Inc., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2023) 
 10.21 First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2023, among United Homes Group, Inc, Great Southern Homes, Inc, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and the lenders party thereto 
 10.22 Second Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Omnibus Amendment to Loan Documents, dated as of January 26, 2024, among United Homes Group, Inc., Great Southern Homes, Inc., Rosewood Communities, Inc., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 29, 2024) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 97.1 Executive Officer Compensation Clawback Policy 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ______________________________ 
 Filed or furnished herewith. 
 Certain of the exhibits and schedules to the Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Company agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K. 
 
 Certain instruments defining rights of holders of long-term debt of the company and its consolidated subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. Upon request, the company agrees to furnish to the SEC copies of such instruments. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: March 15, 2024 
 United Homes Group, Inc. By: / s / Keith Feldman 
 Name: Keith Feldman Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Date: March 15, 2024 
 Signature Title Date / s / Michael Nieri 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and Director March 15, 2024 Michael Nieri (Principal Executive Officer) / s / Keith Feldman 
 Chief Financial Officer March 15, 2024 Keith Feldman (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) / s / Tom O Grady 
 Director March 15, 2024 Tom O Grady / s / David Hamamoto 
 Director March 15, 2024 David Hamamoto / s / Eric S. Bland 
 Director March 15, 2024 Eric S. Bland / s / James P. Clements 
 Director March 15, 2024 James P. Clements / s / Robert Dozier 
 Director March 15, 2024 Robert Dozier / s / Jason Enoch 
 Director March 15, 2024 Jason Enoch / s / Nikki R. Haley 
 Director March 15, 2024 Nikki R. Haley / s / Alan Levine 
 Director March 15, 2024 Alan Levine / s / Michael Bayles 
 Director March 15, 2024 Michael Bayles / s / Robert Grove 
 Director March 15, 2024 Robert Grove 
 106 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 uhg-20231231xexx44xdescrip.htm
 EX-4.4

Document 

Exhibit 4.4 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 
 The following sets forth a summary of the material terms of the securities of United Homes Group, Inc. we, us, our, UHG, or the Company ), including certain provisions of Delaware law and the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), and certain Warrant-related documents. This summary is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities and is qualified by reference to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the Warrant-related documents described herein, which are exhibits to the report to which this exhibit is attached. We urge you to read each of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws and the Warrant-related documents described herein in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. The summary below is also qualified by reference to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ), as applicable. 
 Authorized and Outstanding Stock 
 Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of a total of 450,000,000 shares of capital stock, each with par value 0.0001 per share, consisting of (a) 410,000,000 common shares including (i) 350,000,000 Class A common shares and (ii) 60,000,000 Class B common shares and (b) 40,000,000 shares of preferred stock. 
 Common Stock 
 Voting Power 
 Except as otherwise required by law or as otherwise provided in any preferred stock designation, the holders of common shares will possess all voting power for the election of UHG directors and all other matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of UHG. Generally, each holder of Class A common shares is entitled to one vote per share, and each holder of Class B common shares is entitled to two votes per share, voting together as a single class. 
 Except as otherwise required by law, holders of Common shares, as such, will not be entitled to vote on any amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any preferred stock designation) that relates solely to the rights, powers, preferences (or the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof) or other terms of one or more outstanding series of UHG preferred stock if the holders of such affected series of UHG preferred stock are entitled to vote on such amendment pursuant to the Amend and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any preferred stock designation) or pursuant to the DGCL. 
 Dividends 
 Subject to applicable law and the rights and preferences of any holders of any outstanding class or series of preferred stock of UHG, holders of common shares will be entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by Board of Directors, payable in cash or otherwise out of the assets of UHG legally available therefor. All common shares shall be of equal rank and shall be identical with respect to rights to such dividends. 
 Liquidation, Dissolution and Winding Up 
 Upon UHG s voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up and after payment in full of the debts and other liabilities of UHG and to any holders of UHG preferred stock having liquidation preferences, if any, the holders of common shares shall be entitled to receive all the remaining assets of UHG available for distribution to its shareholders, ratably in proportion to the number of common shares then issued and outstanding. 
 Conversion of Class B Common Shares 
 Each outstanding Class B common share may at any time, at the option of the holder thereof, be converted into one fully paid and nonassessable Class A common share upon written notice to UHG. Outstanding Class B common shares will automatically be converted into Class A common shares upon the transfer of such shares, subject to exceptions for certain Permitted Transfers as described in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 Preemptive or Other Rights 

Subject to applicable law and the preferential rights of any other class or series of stock, all common shares have equal dividend, distribution, liquidation and other rights, and have no preference or appraisal rights, except for any appraisal rights provided by the DGCL. Furthermore, subject to applicable law, holders of common shares have no preemptive rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption rights, or rights to subscribe for any of UHG s securities. The rights, powers, preferences and privileges of holders of common shares are subject to those of the holders of any shares of UHG Company preferred stock that the Board of Directors may authorize and issue in the future. 
 Election of Directors 
 The Board of Directors is divided into three classes, with the classes to be as nearly equal in number as possible, and with each director serving a three-year term. As a result, approximately one-third of Board of Directors will be elected each year. The classification of directors will have the effect of making it more difficult for stockholders to change the composition of Board of Directors. Directors are generally elected by a majority of votes cast at a meeting of the shareholders at which a quorum is present, and there is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. 
 Public Warrants 
 Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one whole Class A common share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below. Pursuant to the warrant agreement by and between American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and DHHC (the warrant agreement ), a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A common shares. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of DHHC s initial business combination, at 5 00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 UHG will not be obligated to deliver any Class A common shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A common shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to UHG s satisfying its obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and UHG will not be obligated to issue Class A common shares upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common shares issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will UHG be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A common share underlying such unit. 
 UHG has agreed that as soon as practicable after the closing of its initial business combination, UHG will use its reasonable best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following its initial business combination to have declared effective, a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A common shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. UHG will use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A common shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, UHG may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event UHG so elects, UHG will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but UHG will be required to use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 
 UHG is not required to notify warrant holders of the eligibility of the warrants for redemption however, in the event that UHG elects to redeem all of the Warrants, in accordance with the terms of the warrant agreement, a notice of redemption shall be mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid, by UHG not less than thirty (30) days prior to the redemption date to the registered holders of the Public Warrants to be redeemed at their last addresses as they appear on the registration books. Any notice mailed in the manner provided in the warrant agreement shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given whether or not the registered holder received such notice. 

Redemption of Warrants when the price per share of the Class A Common Shares equals or exceeds 18.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, UHG may call the warrants for redemption (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants) 
 in whole and not in part 
 at a price of 0.01 per warrant 
 upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, which UHG refers to as the 30-day redemption period and 
 if, and only if, the last reported sale price (the closing price of UHG s Class A common shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which UHG sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 UHG will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A common shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A common shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by UHG, UHG may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 
 UHG established the last redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and UHG issues a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A common shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 
 Redemption of Warrants when the price per share of the Class A Common Shares equals or exceeds 10.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, UHG may redeem the outstanding warrants 
 in whole and not in part 
 at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants, but only on a cashless basis, prior to redemption and receive that number of shares to be determined by reference to the table set forth below based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A common shares except as otherwise described herein 
 if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A common shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before UHG sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders and 
 if the closing price of the Class A common shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which UHG sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants as described above. 
 The fair market value of the Class A common shares for the above purpose shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A common shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. This redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in other blank check offerings. UHG will provide its warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A common shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). 
 The numbers in the table below represent the redemption prices, or the number of Class A common shares that a warrant holder will receive upon redemption by UHG pursuant to this redemption feature. 
 The stock prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted as set forth in the first three paragraphs under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below. The adjusted stock prices in the column headings will equal the stock prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator 

of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant. 
 
 Redemption Date (period to expiration of warrants) 
 Fair Market Value of the Class A Common Shares 10.00 11.00 12.00 13.00 14.00 15.00 16.00 17.00 18.00 60 months 0.261 0.281 0.297 0.311 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 57 months 0.257 0.277 0.294 0.310 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 54 months 0.252 0.272 0.291 0.307 0.322 0.335 0.347 0.357 0.361 51 months 0.246 0.268 0.287 0.304 0.320 0.333 0.346 0.357 0.361 48 months 0.241 0.263 0.283 0.301 0.317 0.332 0.344 0.356 0.361 45 months 0.235 0.258 0.279 0.298 0.315 0.330 0.343 0.356 0.361 42 months 0.228 0.252 0.274 0.294 0.312 0.328 0.342 0.355 0.361 39 months 0.221 0.246 0.269 0.290 0.309 0.325 0.340 0.354 0.361 36 months 0.213 0.239 0.263 0.285 0.305 0.323 0.339 0.353 0.361 33 months 0.205 0.232 0.257 0.280 0.301 0.320 0.337 0.352 0.361 30 months 0.196 0.224 0.250 0.274 0.297 0.316 0.335 0.351 0.361 27 months 0.185 0.214 0.242 0.268 0.291 0.313 0.332 0.350 0.361 24 months 0.173 0.204 0.233 0.260 0.285 0.308 0.329 0.348 0.361 21 months 0.161 0.193 0.223 0.252 0.279 0.304 0.326 0.347 0.361 18 months 0.146 0.179 0.211 0.242 0.271 0.298 0.322 0.345 0.361 15 months 0.130 0.164 0.197 0.230 0.262 0.291 0.317 0.342 0.361 12 months 0.111 0.146 0.181 0.216 0.250 0.282 0.312 0.339 0.361 9 months 0.090 0.125 0.162 0.199 0.237 0.272 0.305 0.336 0.361 6 months 0.065 0.099 0.137 0.178 0.219 0.259 0.296 0.331 0.361 3 months 0.034 0.065 0.104 0.150 0.197 0.243 0.286 0.326 0.361 0 months - - 0.042 0.115 0.179 0.233 0.281 0.323 0.361 
 The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A common shares to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365- or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume weighted average price of the Class A common shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A common shares for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume weighted average price of the Class A common shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A common shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A common shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by UHG pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any Class A common shares. 
 This redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in many other blank check offerings, which typically only provide for a redemption of warrants for cash (other than the Private Placement Warrants) when the trading price for the Class A common shares exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A common shares are trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may be at a time when the trading price of the Class A common shares is below the exercise price of the warrants. UHG established this redemption 

feature to provide UHG with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under Redemption of Warrants When the Price Per Share of the Class A Common Shares Equals or Exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input. This redemption right provides UHG with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to (i) UHG s capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed and (ii) the amount of cash provided by the exercise of the warrants and available to use, and also provides a ceiling to the theoretical value of the warrants as it locks in the amount of shares UHG would pay to warrant holders that exercise if UHG chooses to redeem the warrants in this manner. UHG will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if UHG chooses to exercise this redemption right and it will allow UHG to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if UHG determines it is in its best interest to do so. As such, UHG would redeem the warrants in this manner when UHG believes it is in its best interest to update its capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. 
 As stated above, UHG can redeem the warrants when the Class A common shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to UHG s capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If UHG chooses to redeem the warrants when the Class A common shares are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer Class A common shares than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A common shares if and when such Class A common shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 
 No fractional Class A common shares will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, UHG will round down to the nearest whole number of Class A common shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A common shares pursuant to the warrant agreement, the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A common shares, the surviving company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants within 20 business days of the closing of an initial business combination. 
 Redemption Procedures and Cashless Exercise. If UHG calls the warrants for redemption for 0.01 as described above, UHG s management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do so on a cashless basis . In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis , UHG s management will consider, among other factors, UHG s cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on UHG s stockholders of issuing the maximum number of Class A common shares issuable upon the exercise of its warrants. If UHG s management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of Class A common shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A common shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average last reported sale price of the Class A common shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If UHG s management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of Class A common shares to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. UHG believes this feature is an attractive option to it if it does not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after its initial business combination. If UHG calls its warrants for redemption and UHG s management does not take advantage of this option, the Sponsor, the Anchor Investors and their permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their Private Placement Warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. 
 A holder of a warrant may notify UHG in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.8 or 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A common shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 
 Anti-Dilution Adjustments. If the number of outstanding Class A common shares is increased by a stock dividend payable in Class A common shares, or by a split-up of Class A common shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of Class A common shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding Class A 

common shares. A rights offering to holders of Class A common shares entitling holders to purchase Class A common shares at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of Class A common shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A common shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A common shares) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common shares paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A common shares, in determining the price payable for Class A common shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A common shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A common shares on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 
 In addition, if UHG, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pays a dividend or makes a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Class A common shares on account of such Class A common shares (or other shares of UHG s capital stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above or (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of the Class A common shares in respect of such event. 
 If the number of outstanding Class A common shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of Class A common shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A common shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A common shares. 
 Whenever the number of Class A common shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A common shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A common shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 
 In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A common shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A common shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of UHG with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which UHG is the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of outstanding Class A common shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of UHG as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which UHG is dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A common shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A common shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within 30 days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and UHG. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of Public Warrants. 
 The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to UHG, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common shares or any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A common shares. After the issuance of Class A common shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, UHG will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of Class A common shares to be issued to the warrant holder. 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that the Board of Directors is to be divided into three classes of directors, with the classes to be as nearly equal in number as possible, and with each director serving a three-year term. As a result, approximately one-third of the Board of Directors will be elected each year. The classification of directors will have the effect of making it more difficult for shareholders to change the composition of the Board of Directors. Amending the classified Board of Directors provisions requires approval by two-thirds (2 3) of the then outstanding voting power provided, however, that for so long as the holders of the Class B common shares hold at least a majority in voting power of the outstanding common shares, the required threshold for such an amendment shall be the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the outstanding shares of capital stock of UHG entitled to vote thereon. 
 Authorized but Unissued Shares 
 The authorized but unissued common shares and shares of preferred stock are available for future issuance without shareholder approval, subject to any limitations imposed by the listing standards of The Nasdaq Capital Market. These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate finance transactions, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common shares and preferred stock could make more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of UHG by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 Shareholder Action Special Meetings of Shareholders 
 The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that, subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock, (i) for so long as the holders of Class B common shares hold at least a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of common stock, any action required or permitted to be taken by the shareholders may be effected by consent in lieu of a meeting, and (ii) if the holders of Class B common shares no longer hold at least a majority in voting power of the outstanding common shares, any action required or permitted to be taken by the shareholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of the shareholders and may not be effected by any consent by such shareholders. As a result, at any time at which the holders of Class B common shares do not hold a majority of the outstanding voting power, a holder controlling a majority of UHG capital stock would not be able to amend the Bylaws or remove directors without holding a meeting of shareholders called in accordance with the Bylaws. This restriction does not apply to actions taken by the holders of any series of preferred stock of UHG to the extent expressly provided in the applicable preferred stock designation. 
 Further, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that, subject to any special rights of the holders of preferred stock of UHG, (i) for so long as the holders of Class B common shares hold at least a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of common stock, special meetings of the shareholders may be called only by (a) the UHG or (b) the Secretary, following receipt of one or more written demands to call a special meeting of the shareholders from shareholders of record who own, in the aggregate, at least 51 in voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote on the matter or matters to be brought before the proposed special meeting that complies with the procedures for calling a special meeting of the shareholders as may be set forth in the Bylaws, and (ii) from and after the time the holders of Class B common shares no longer hold at least a majority in voting power of the outstanding common shares, special meetings of the shareholders of UHG may only be called by the Board of Directors. 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations 
 The Bylaws provide that shareholders seeking to bring business before UHG s annual meeting of shareholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at its annual meeting of shareholders, must provide timely notice. To be timely, a shareholder s notice must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of UHG not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day before the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of shareholders. However, in the event that the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date (or if there has been no prior annual meeting), notice by the shareholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day before the meeting and not later than the later of (x) the close of business on the 90th day before the meeting or (y) the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which public announcement 

of the date of the annual meeting is first made by UHG. The Bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a shareholders notice. These provisions may preclude UHG s shareholders from bringing matters before its annual meeting of shareholders or from making nominations for directors. 
 Amendment of Charter or Bylaws 
 Upon consummation of the Business Combination, the Bylaws may be amended or repealed by the Board of Directors or by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds (2 3) of the voting power of all of the shares of the capital stock of UHG entitled to vote in the election of directors, voting as one class. If the holders of Class B common shares no longer hold at least a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of common stock, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds (2 3) of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of UHG entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, will be required to amend certain provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation related to the classified Board of Directors and limitation of liabilities. For so long as the holders of Class B common shares hold at least a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of common stock, the requisite threshold shall be the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the outstanding shares of capital stock of UHG entitled to vote thereon. 
 Board Vacancies 
 Any vacancy on the Board of Directors may be filled by a majority vote of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, subject to any special rights of the holders of preferred stock of UHG. Any director chosen to fill a vacancy will hold office until the expiration of the term of the class for which he or she was elected and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation, removal from office, death or incapacity. Except as otherwise provided by law, in the event of a vacancy in the Board of Directors, the remaining directors may exercise the powers of the full Board of Directors until the vacancy is filled. 
 Preferred Directors 
 Under the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, during any period when the holders of one or more series of preferred stock have the separate right to elect additional directors, the then otherwise total authorized number of directors will automatically be increased by such number of directors that the holders of any series of preferred stock have a right to elect. Whenever the holders of one or more series of preferred stock having a separate right to elect additional directors cease to have such right, the terms of office of all preferred stock directors elected by the holders of such series of preferred stock, and the total authorized number of directors, will be automatically reduced accordingly. 
 Conversant Director 
 Pursuant to that certain Conversant Subscription Agreement, dated March 30, 2023, by and among the Company and Conversant Opportunity Master Fund LP Conversant ), for so long as 50 of the original principal amount of convertible notes issued by the Company to Conversant and certain other investors are outstanding and have not been converted or cash settled, Conversant shall have the right to designate one member of the Board of Directors. To fulfill its obligations under the Conversant Subscription Agreement, the Company expanded the size of the Board to eleven (11) directors. 
 Exclusive Forum Selection 
 The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that (A) (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of UHG, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee or shareholder of UHG to UHG or UHG s shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws (as either may be amended or restated) or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the law of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, the federal district court of the State of Delaware and (B) the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Under the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, these provisions may be waived by UHG at its discretion. 

Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 Although UHG believes these provisions benefit UHG by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that these provisions are unenforceable, and to the extent they are enforceable, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against UHG s directors and officers, although UHG shareholders will not be deemed to have waived its compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law 
 UHG is, and for a period of 12 months following the effectiveness of the filing of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State UHG will be, subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. In general, Section 203 prohibits a Delaware corporation that is listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than 2,000 shareholders from engaging in a business combination with an interested shareholder for a three-year period following the time that such shareholder becomes an interested shareholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes, among other things, certain mergers, asset or stock sales or other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the interested shareholder. An interested shareholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or did own within three years prior to the determination of interested shareholder status, 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting stock. Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested shareholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions 
 before the shareholder became interested, the Board of Directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder 
 upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder, the interested shareholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans, in some instances or 
 at or after the time the shareholder became interested, the business combination was approved by the Board of Directors of the corporation and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the shareholders by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested shareholder. 
 Under certain circumstances, Section 203 of the DGCL will make it more difficult for a person who would be an interested shareholder to effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested in acquiring UHG to negotiate in advance with the Board of Directors because the shareholder approval requirement would be avoided if the Board of Directors approves either the business combination or the transaction which results in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder. Section 203 of the DGCL also may have the effect of preventing changes in the Board of Directors and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which shareholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-10.17>
 3
 uhg-20231231xex1017xexecut.htm
 EX-10.17

Document 
 Exhibit 10.17 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into this 30 th day of March, 2023, effective as of April 1, 2023 (hereinafter the Effective Date by and between United Homes Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation UHG or the Company ), and Tom O'Grady, an individual (the Executive ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS , UHG desires that the Executive be employed by the Company from and after the Effective Date to carry out the duties and responsibilities described below, all on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and the Executive desires to accept such employment on such terms and conditions, and 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the above recitals incorporated herein and the mutual covenants and promises contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby expressly acknowledged, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Employment and Duties . 
 1.1 Employment . The Company hereby agrees to employ the Executive, and the Executive hereby accepts such employment, subject to the terms and conditions expressly set forth in this Agreement, including, but not limited to, Section 7 of this Agreement. The Executive hereby agrees to such employment on the terms and conditions expressly set forth in this Agreement. 
 1.2 Position and Duties . 
 (a) The Executive shall serve the Company as its Chief Administrative Officer and shall perform and have the responsibilities, duties, status and authority customary for a position in an organization of the size and nature of the Company. 
 (b) The Executive will report to the Chief Executive Officer or such other executive officer as may be designated by the Chief Executive Officer. 
 (c) The Executive will fulfil his responsibilities and obligations subject to the lawful directives of the Chief Executive Officer, and subject to the policies of the Company as in effect from time to time (including, without limitation, the Company s business conduct and ethics policies, as they may be amended from time to time). 
 1.3 Time Commitment . 
 (a) For so long as the Executive is employed with the Company, the Executive shall devote the substantial majority of the Executive s business time, energy and skill to the performance of the Executive s duties for the Company. 
 (b) During the Term (as defined below), the Executive may hold positions and business interests and engage in outside activities that do not compete with the Business provided that they do not materially interfere with the fulfilment of the Executive s responsibilities and obligations hereunder. Without limiting the foregoing, the Executive may serve on charitable or civic boards or committees, may hold directorships in business enterprises that do not compete with the Business, and may own and manage interests in investments and other enterprises that do not compete with the Business. 
 1.4 No Conflicting Obligations . The Executive hereby represents to the Company (i) that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Executive and the Company and the performance by the Executive of the Executive s duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, the terms of any other agreement or policy to which the Executive is a party or otherwise bound (ii) that the Executive has no information (including, without limitation, confidential information and trade secrets) relating to any other person or entity which would prevent, or be violated by, the Executive entering into this Agreement or carrying out his duties hereunder and (iii) that the Executive is not bound 

by any confidentiality, trade secret or similar agreement with any other person or entity which would prevent, or be violated by, the Executive (x) entering into this Agreement or (y) carrying out his duties hereunder. 
 1.5 Location . The Executive s principal place of employment shall be located in Fairfax, Virginia. The Executive acknowledges that he may be required to travel from time to time in the course of performing his duties for the Company. 
 2. Term . 
 2.1 Commencement . The Executive s employment under this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date. 
 2.2 Term . 
 (a) The period from the Effective Date until the first to occur of the termination of the Executive s employment under this Agreement, or the termination of this Agreement, pursuant to the terms hereof, is hereinafter referred to as the Term or the Employment Period . 
 (b) Unless earlier terminated under the terms of this Agreement, this Agreement and the status and obligations of the Executive thereunder as an employee of the Company shall be effective for a period ending 3 years after the Effective Date (the Term ). 
 (c) This Agreement and the Executive s employment hereunder shall terminate if either the Executive or the Company notifies the other Party not less than thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the Term of its non-renewal of, or declines to renew after having been given notice by the other that he or it wishes to renew, this Agreement at the expiration of the Term (a Non-Renewal ). If neither the Company nor the Executive notify the other of such a Non-Renewal not less than thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the Term, then this Agreement will automatically renew for a further twelve (12) months, and the Term will be deemed to have been extended accordingly. 
 3. Compensation . 
 3.1 Base Salary . During the Term, the Executive s base salary (the Base Salary shall be paid in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices in effect from time to time, but not less frequently than in monthly installments. Starting with the first day of the Executive s employment, the Executive s Base Salary shall be paid at an annualized rate of three hundred and twenty-five thousand U.S. dollars 325,000.00). The Executive s Base Salary shall be reviewed and increased annually by the Board or a committee thereof. 
 3.2 Incentive Bonus . 
 (a) The Executive may be eligible for an annual performance bonus with respect to each calendar year during the Term (the Annual Bonus ), which the compensation committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee will establish on an annual basis at or near the beginning of each calendar year in the Term for the Executive for the upcoming year, and will communicate such amount and applicable performance metrics related to the attainment of such Annual Bonus to the Executive in writing. 
 (b) The amount of the Annual Bonus and the determination of whether applicable performance metrics have been satisfied will be made by the Compensation Committee at a time convenient to the Compensation Committee, but typically within sixty (60) calendar days of the end of each bonus year. The actual Annual Bonus earned for the year (if any) shall be paid in a single cash lump sum payment no later than March 15 of the year following the year in which the bonus is earned, subject to the Executive s continued employment by the Company or its affiliates through the payment date, except as otherwise provided under the provisions of Section 6 below. 
 3.3 Equity Incentive Awards . As an inducement for the Executive to agree to be employed by the Company under the terms of this Agreement, subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in and be granted Awards (as such term is defined in the 
 2 

Company s 2022 2023 Equity Incentive Plan) under the Company s 2022 2023 Equity Incentive Plan and under any future continuation, replacement, or equivalent plan, as such Awards shall be granted as part of the annual compensation package to Executives by the Compensation Committee (all such Awards, Equity Awards ). The annual Equity Awards may consist of both time based awards with vesting occurring on either a quarterly or annual basis, and performance based awards pursuant to which vesting will be tied to metrics and objectives as may be determined or approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company, and which may (without limitation) include (as so determined by the Compensation Committee) criteria on either absolute and relative to peers return basis on gross profit percentage earned, number of homes closed or sold, percentage return on tangible or other capital, total equity or corporate capital, total shareholder returns, earnings before interest, tax and amortization (EBITDA) and discretionary allocations based on overall performance. 
 4. Benefits . 
 4.1 Retirement, Welfare and Fringe Benefits . During the Term, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in all employee retirement and welfare benefit plans and programs, and fringe benefit plans and programs, made available by the Company to the Company s executive employees generally, in accordance with the terms of such plans and as such plans or programs may be in effect from time to time, which benefits will include without limitation health care coverage, vision and dental, and life insurance. 
 4.2 Reimbursement of Business Expenses . During the Term, the Executive shall be authorized to incur reasonable expenses in carrying out the Executive s duties for the Company under this Agreement and shall be eligible for reimbursement of all such reasonable business expenses, subject to the Company s expense reimbursement policies as in effect from time to time. 
 4.3 Vacation and Other Leave . During the Term, the Executive s annual rate of vacation accrual shall be four (4) weeks per year provided that such vacation shall accrue and be subject to the Company s vacation policies as in effect from time to time. The Executive shall also be eligible for all other holiday and leave pay generally available to other executives of the Company. 
 4.4 D&O and Other Insurance . During the Term of this Agreement, the Company shall maintain a directors and officers liability insurance policy, or an equivalent errors and omissions liability insurance policy, and an employment practices liability insurance policy, in each case with coverage, scope, exclusions, amounts, and deductibles comparable to those of similar sized and similarly placed public companies. In the case of a directors and officers liability insurance policy, such policy shall be secondary to and will not diminish or detract from the primary obligation of the Company and or its subsidiaries to indemnify the Executive under applicable Delaware law, under the Company s articles of incorporation and or bylaws, and under any applicable contract of indemnification. 
 5. Termination of Employment . 
 5.1 Generally . The Executive s employment by the Company, and the Term may be terminated at any time (i) by the Company with or without Cause, (ii) by the Company in the event that the Executive has incurred a Disability, (iii) by the Executive with Good Reason, (iv) by the Executive without Good Reason, or (v) due to the Executive s death. 
 5.2 Notice of Termination . 
 (a) Any termination of the Executive s employment under this Agreement (other than because of the Executive s death) shall be communicated by written notice of termination from the terminating party to the other party, which termination shall be effective (i) no less than thirty (30) days following delivery of such notice in the event of a termination by the Executive for Good Reason or by the Company without Cause or due to Disability provided that the Company shall be entitled to pay the Executive his or her Base Salary for such thirty (30) day period in lieu of such thirty (30) days notice) or (ii) immediately following the conclusion of the procedures set forth in Section 5.2(b) in the event of a termination by the Company with Cause or resignation by the Executive without Good Reason. The notice of termination shall indicate the specific provision(s) 
 3 

of this Agreement relied upon in effecting the termination and shall state the specific reason(s) why the termination is being initiated. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the termination of the Executive shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until (A) the Board shall have provided the Executive with a notice of termination as set forth in Section 5.2(a) , specifying in detail the basis for the termination of employment for Cause and the provision(s) under this Agreement on which such termination is based, and (B) in the case of subsections (2) and (3) of Section 6.11(a)(i) , the Executive shall have had the opportunity to cure such breach within the time period specified, and (C) in all cases where Cause is alleged, the Executive shall have had a reasonable opportunity to prepare and present his case to the full Board (with the assistance of his own counsel) before any termination for Cause is finalized by a vote of a majority of the Board, including a majority of independent directors (not including the vote of the Executive). Nothing herein shall limit or otherwise prevent the Executive from challenging judicially any determination of Cause as made by the Board hereunder. 
 (c) The date on which the Executive s employment hereunder terminates is herein referred to as the Severance Date . 
 6. Payments and Benefits Upon Termination of Employment . 
 6.1 Termination Without Cause or for Good Reason . In the event the Employment Period terminates under this Agreement as a result of the Company terminating the Executive s employment without Cause (other than because of death or Disability) or the Executive terminating his employment for Good Reason, the Company will pay or deliver to the Executive the following amounts and grant the Executive the following rights and benefits. 
 (a) The Company will pay the Executive any earned and unpaid Base Salary up to and including the Severance Date, and any unpaid expense reimbursements pursuant to this Agreement that are due and owing to the Executive (collectively, the Accrued Obligations ). 
 (b) The Company will pay or provide the Executive, to the extent not already paid or provided, any and all vested benefits and other amounts or benefits required to be paid or provided or which the Executive is eligible to receive as of the Severance Date under any plan, program, policy, practice, contract, or agreement of the Company and its affiliates, including without limitation under any tax qualified pension or savings or 401(K) plans of the Company (the Other Benefits ). 
 (c) The Company will pay the Executive any Annual Bonus(es) that the Executive earned for any fiscal year(s) prior to the fiscal year in which the Severance Date occurred to the extent that such Annual Bonus(es) had not yet been paid before the Severance Date (the Arrear Bonuses ). 
 (d) The Company will pay the Executive (1) an amount equal to twelve (12) months of the Executive s Base Salary at the rate in effect on the Severance Date (the Base Severance Benefit ), and (2) an amount equal to the greater of one times (i) the Executive s average Annual Bonus for the three (3) completed fiscal years immediately preceding the Severance Date, or, if such Severance Date occurs before the third anniversary of the Effective Date, the period from the Effective Date to the Severance Date, or (ii) the Executive s potential Target Bonus for the year in which the Severance Date occurs (the Incentive Severance Benefit ). 
 (e) Any fully vested Equity Awards previously granted to the Executive Vested Equity Awards ), if not then already delivered or paid, shall be delivered or paid to the Executive. Any Equity Awards held by the Executive as of the Severance Date not then based on performance will be and become 100 vested and delivered or paid to the Executive on the Severance Date Accelerated Equity Awards ). With respect to any Equity Awards held by the Executive as of the Severance Date the amount of which is based on the attainment of specified levels of performance, the amount of such Equity Awards to be vested and delivered to the Executive shall be equal to the greater of (1) the amount payable upon attainment of the target level for performance without proration of any kind or (2) if actual performance has exceeded the target level as of the Severance Date, the actual performance achieved based on a proration of the original performance goals from 
 4 

the period from the beginning of the measurement period through the Severance Date, pro rated against the full measurement period that would otherwise have extended beyond the Severance Date. 
 (f) The Company will extend the COBRA coverage benefits required by law and under Section 6.5(a) . 
 (g) If the Severance Date occurs within twelve (12) months preceding a Change in Control or an executed agreement that would result in a Change in Control, or within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control, the Company shall 
 (i) in lieu of the payment provided for in Section 6.1(d) , pay the Executive an amount equal to twenty four (24) months of the Executive s Base Salary at the rate in effect on the Severance Date 
 (ii) in lieu of the payment provided for in Section 6.1(d) , pay the Executive an amount equal to two times the greater of (i) the Executive s average Annual Bonus for the three (3) completed fiscal years immediately preceding the Severance Date or, if such Severance Date occurs before the third anniversary of the Effective Date, the period from the Effective Date to the Severance Date, or (ii) the Executive s potential Target Bonus for the year in which the Severance Date occurs. 
 (iii) For clarity, the Executive will also receive the vesting of the Equity Awards provided for in Section 6.1(e) . 
 (h) Upon a termination of the Employment Period by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason, the Executive shall not be entitled to any other compensation or benefits not expressly provided for in this Section 6.1 , regardless of the time that would otherwise remain in the Employment Period had the Employment Period not been terminated without Cause or for Good Reason. The Company shall have no additional obligations under this Agreement except as provided in this Section 6.1 . 
 (i) As a condition precedent to any Company obligation to pay the Executive the Arrear Bonuses, the Base Severance Benefit, the Incentive Severance Benefit, and any Equity Awards under Section 6.1(e)e) other than Vested Equity Awards, the Executive shall execute and deliver the Release required by Section 6.10 within the Release Period and thereafter not revoke the Release within the applicable revocation period. 
 (j) Unless otherwise specified or required in Section 6.8(c) , the Company shall pay and or deliver (i) the Accrued Obligations and the Other Benefits with the Company s first payroll cycle following the Severance Date, or, in the case of the Other Benefits, otherwise in accordance with applicable plan documents, (ii) the Arrear Bonuses, the Base Severance Benefit, and the Incentive Severance Benefit to the Executive in a single lump cash sum payment with the Company s first payroll cycle following the expiration of the full 60-day Release Period or the conclusion of the applicable revocation period, whichever date is later, (iii) the Vested Equity Awards on the Severance Date, and (iv) all Accelerated Equity Awards with the Company s first payroll cycle following the expiration of the full 60-day Release Period. All payments will be less applicable federal, state, and local tax and other withholdings. 
 (k) The Executive agrees that the payments and benefits contemplated by this Section 6.1 shall constitute the exclusive and sole remedy for any termination of his employment during the term of this Agreement by the Company other than for Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason, and the Executive covenants not to assert or pursue any other remedies, at law or in equity, with respect to any termination of employment. 
 6.2 Termination for Cause or by Executive other than For Good Reason. 
 (a) If the Executive s employment is terminated during the Employment Period by the Company for Cause or by the Executive other than for Good Reason and other than in consequence of death or Disability, then the Company shall 
 5 

(i) pay the Executive the Accrued Benefits and the Other Benefits 
 (ii) pay or deliver any benefits or compensation provided under the Vested Equity Awards in accordance with the provisions of such Equity Awards 
 (iii) extend the COBRA coverage benefits required by law and under Section 6.5 . 
 (b) Unless otherwise specified or required in Section 6.8(c) , the Company shall pay and or deliver such payments with the Company s first payroll cycle following the Severance Date (or such earlier date as may be required by law), or, in the case of the Other Benefits, otherwise in accordance with applicable plan documents. All payments will be less applicable federal, state, and local tax and other withholdings. 
 (c) Except as provided in this Section 6.2 , the Company shall have no additional obligations under this Agreement for any termination of the Executive s employment during the term of this Agreement by the Company for Cause or by the Executive other than for Good Reason or for death or Disability. 
 6.3 Termination for Death or Disability. 
 (a) If the Executive s employment is terminated in consequence of the death or Disability of the Executive, then the Company shall 
 (i) pay the Executive or his estate the Accrued Benefits, the Arrear Bonuses and the Other Benefits 
 (ii) pay or deliver any benefits or compensation provided under the Vested Equity Awards in accordance with the provisions of such Equity Awards 
 (iii) pay Accelerated Equity Awards as described in Section 6.1(f) 
 (iv) pay (12) months of the Executive s Base Salary at the rate in effect on the death or Disability date and 
 (v) extend the COBRA coverage benefits required by law and under Section 6.5 . 
 (b) Unless otherwise specified or required in Section 6.8(c) , the Company shall pay and or deliver such payments with the Company s first payroll cycle following the Severance Date (or such earlier date as may be required by law), or, in the case of the Other Benefits, otherwise in accordance with applicable plan documents. All payments will be less applicable federal, state, and local tax and other withholdings. 
 (c) Except as provided in this Section 6.3 , the Company shall have no additional obligations under this Agreement for any termination of the Executive s employment during the term of this Agreement in consequence of death or Disability. 
 6.4 Termination upon Non-Renewal. 
 (a) If the Executive s employment is terminated in consequence of a Non-Renewal at the instance of the Executive, then the Executive shall be paid the amounts and benefits set forth in Section 6.2 as though such termination had been by the Executive other than for Good Reason and other than in consequence of death or Disability, and the following provisions of this Section 6.4 will not apply. 
 (b) If the Executive s employment is terminated in consequence of a Non-Renewal at the instance of the Company, then the Company shall 
 (i) pay the Executive the Accrued Benefits, the Arrear Bonuses, the Other Benefits, and the Base Severance Benefit 
 (ii) pay or deliver any benefits or compensation provided under the Vested Equity Awards in accordance with the provisions of such Equity Awards 
 (iii) extend the COBRA coverage benefits required by law and under Section 6.5 . 
 6 

(c) As a condition precedent to any Company obligation to pay the Executive the Arrear Bonuses and the Base Severance Benefit, the Executive shall execute and deliver the Release required by Section 6.10 within the Release Period and thereafter not revoke the Release within the applicable revocation period. 
 (d) Unless otherwise specified or required in Section 6.8(c) , the Company shall pay and or deliver s uch payments (i) of the Accrued Benefits and the Other Benefits with the Company s first payroll cycle following the Severance Date (or such earlier date as may be required by law), or, in the case of the Other Benefits, otherwise in accordance with applicable plan documents, and (ii) of the Arrear Bonuses and the Base Severance Benefit in a single lump cash sum payment with the Company s first payroll cycle following the expiration of the full 60-day Release Period or the conclusion of the applicable revocation period, which date is later. All payments will be less applicable federal, state, and local tax and other withholdings. 
 (e) If the Severance Date upon a Non-Renewal at the instance of the Company occurs within six (6) months preceding or within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control, then such Non-Renewal will for all purposes hereunder be treated as a Termination by the Company without Cause under Section 6.1 , and the provisions of Section 6.1 will apply in full in place of the provisions of this Section 6.4 . 
 (f) Except as provided for in this Section 6.4 , the Company shall have no additional obligations under this Agreement for any termination of his employment upon a Non-Renewal. 
 6.5 COBRA Coverage . 
 (a) In the event the Employment Period terminates under this Agreement as a result of the Company terminating the Executive s employment without Cause or the Executive terminating his employment for Good Reason, or because of the Executive s death or Disability, then, if the Executive, or his covered dependents timely elects continuation coverage under the Company s group medical plan for the Executive and his covered dependents pursuant to Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and Section 601 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (which provisions are commonly known as COBRA ), in accordance with ordinary plan practices, the Company shall make the following payments with respect to and on account of such continuation coverage. 
 (b) The Company will pay, for up to eighteen (18) months, that portion of the COBRA premium payable by the Executive that is in excess of the premium payable by the Executive for the level of coverage the Executive and his covered dependents are enrolled in the Company s group medical plan at the Severance Date, to the extent permitted under the terms of the Company s medical plan provided, however, that if the Executive and his covered dependents become eligible to receive comparable medical benefits under another employer provided plan, the Company s obligation to make COBRA payments described herein shall be terminated for which purpose Executive undertakes to promptly notify the Company of any changes in his eligibility for medical benefits coverage. 
 (i) Unless direct payment by the Company of such COBRA payments is permitted by applicable law, the Executive and or covered dependents shall pay the full cost of the premiums for such coverage, as determined and set under the then current practices of the Company, on the first day of each month such coverage is provided and the Company shall reimburse the Executive and or the covered dependents the excess, if any, of the amount the Executive pays for COBRA continuation coverage above the amount of the applicable premium that the Executive would have paid for comparable coverage if he had remained an executive officer of the Company during the period such coverage is provided (the Reimbursement Amounts ). To the extent the Executive is precluded from participation in the Company s medical plan due to Medicare eligibility and or requirements to enroll in Medicare, the Executive will receive the monthly COBRA subsidy amount for the balance of the COBRA continuation period. 
 7 

(ii) Any Reimbursement Amounts to be paid by the Company to the Executive and or the covered dependents under this Section 6.5 shall be made on the tenth (10th) day of each month the Executive pays the amount required by this Section 6.5 for COBRA continuation coverage, commencing on the first such date immediately following the effective date of the Release under Section 6.1(i) (the First Reimbursement Date ), and any installment of the Reimbursement Amount that would have otherwise been paid prior to the First Reimbursement Date shall instead be accumulated and paid on the First Reimbursement Date. 
 6.6 Mitigation . In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other employment or to take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to the Executive under the provisions of this Section 6 . 
 6.7 Excise Tax Limitation . 
 (a) Payment Limitation . Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement (or in any other agreement between the Executive and the Company) to the contrary, to the extent that any payments and benefits provided under this Agreement or any other plan or agreement of the Company (such payments or benefits are collectively referred to as the Payments would be subject to the excise tax (the Excise Tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code, the Payments shall be reduced if and to the extent that a reduction in the Payments would result in the Executive retaining a larger amount, on an after-tax basis (taking into account federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax), than he would have retained had he been entitled to receive all of the Payments (such reduced amount is hereinafter referred to as the Limited Payment Amount ). The Company shall reduce the Payments by first reducing or eliminating cash payments, then by reducing performance vesting equity awards, and then by reducing time based vesting equity awards, in each case in reverse order beginning with payments or benefits which are to be paid the farthest in time from the date the Determination (as defined in Section 7(b) below) is delivered to the Company and the Executive. 
 (b) Determination and Dispute . The determination as to whether the Payments shall be reduced to the Limited Payment Amount and the amount of such Limited Payment Amount (the Determination shall be made at the Company s expense by an accounting or consulting firm selected by the Company and reasonably acceptable to the Executive (the Firm ). The Firm shall provide the Determination in writing, together with detailed supporting calculations and documentation, to the Company and the Executive on or prior to the effective Severance Date of the Executive s employment if applicable, or at such other time as requested by the Company or by the Executive. Within ten (10) days of the delivery of the Determination to the Executive, the Executive shall have the right to dispute the Determination (the Dispute in writing setting forth the precise basis of the Dispute. If there is no Dispute, the Determination shall be binding, final and conclusive upon the Company and the Executive. 
 (c) Excise Tax is Obligation of the Executive . Any Excise Tax with respect to the Executive s Payments shall be the sole obligation of the Executive, subject to any tax withholding obligation imposed on the Company with respect thereto. 
 6.8 Compliance with Section 409A. 
 (a) This Agreement and the payments hereunder are intended to be exempt, to the greatest extent possible, from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and to the extent not so exempt, to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and shall be construed and administered consistent with, and to give full effect to, such intent. The payments to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement are also intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code to the maximum extent possible, under either the separation pay exemption pursuant to Treasury regulation 1.409A-1 (b)(9)(iii) or as short-term deferrals pursuant to Treasury regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4). 
 (b) In the event the terms of this Agreement would subject the Executive to taxes or penalties under Section 409A of the Code 409A Penalties ), the Company and the Executive 
 8 

shall cooperate diligently to amend the terms of the Agreement to avoid such 409A Penalties, to the extent possible provided that such amendment shall not increase or reduce (in the aggregate) the amounts payable to the Executive hereunder. Any taxable reimbursement payable to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement shall be paid to the Executive no later than the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Executive incurred the reimbursable expense. Any amount of expenses eligible for taxable reimbursement, or such in-kind benefit provided, during a calendar year shall not affect the amount of such expenses eligible for reimbursement, or such in-kind benefit to be provided, during any other calendar year. The right to such reimbursement or such in-kind benefits pursuant to this Agreement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit. Any right to a series of installment payments pursuant to this Agreement is to be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 
 (c) If on the Severance Date of employment the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Section 409A of the Code, then, notwithstanding any other provision herein, with regard to any payment or benefit that is properly treated as nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code (after taking into account all exclusions applicable to such payment or benefit) and is payable on account of such separation from service, such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided prior to the expiration of the earlier of the six-month period measured from the date of such separation from service, or the Executive s death. All payments and benefits delayed pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Section 6.8 shall be paid to the Executive on the first payroll date following the end of the delay period. 
 6.9 Certain Requirements and Limitations . 
 (a) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6 , if the Executive breaches the Executive s obligations under Section 7 of this Agreement, the Executive shall no longer be entitled to receive, and the Company shall no longer be obligated to pay, any remaining unpaid portion of any Arrear Bonuses, Base Severance Benefit, or Incentive Severance Benefit as of the date of such breach. Any disputes with respect to the application of this Section 6.9 will be subject to Section 10.8 hereof provided that during the pendency of any such dispute, the Company will be entitled to withhold any payments pursuant to this Section 6.9 . 
 (b) Payments made to the Executive pursuant to the provisions of this Section 6.9 shall be in lieu of any severance benefits otherwise due to the Executive under any severance pay plan or program maintained by the Company that covers its employees or executives generally. 
 6.10 Release . As a condition to certain payments set forth in Sections 6.1(i) and 6.4(c) , and as set forth therein, the Executive shall, within sixty (60) days of the Severance Date (the full such 60-day period being the Release Period ), execute, and not revoke within the applicable revocation period, and provide the Company with, a reasonable, valid, and executed general release substantially in the form presented by the Company at the time of his termination (the Release ). Such general release shall exclude (i) any right to receive the Accrued Obligations, the Other Benefits and the Vested Equity Awards, and (ii) any claims that cannot be waived under applicable law, but shall include all other federal and state statutory, common law, and other claims based upon actual or alleged defamation, invasion of privacy, personal inconvenience, damage to personal reputation, or intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress, federal Equal Pay Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act, any other federal or state laws which prohibit employment discrimination and or employment termination in violation of public policy, breach of contract, breach of good faith and fair dealing and or wrongful discharge, any claim based upon any federal or state statutory or common law theory of whistle blowing, retaliatory discharge, violation of public policy, breach of contract, tort or any other common law claim, and for costs, fees, or other expenses, including attorneys fees based on any such claims. 
 9 

6.11 Certain Defined Terms . 
 (a) As used herein 
 (i) Cause shall mean that one or more of the following has occurred 
 (1) the Executive has been convicted of or plead guilty with respect to any felony (under the laws of the United States or any relevant state or jurisdiction, in the circumstances, thereof) 
 (2) the Executive has engaged in any willful misconduct, gross negligence, in each case, that would reasonably be expected to result in a material injury to the reputation, business or business relationships of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates 
 (3) the Executive has willfully failed to perform or uphold his duties under this Agreement and or willfully fails to comply with lawful directives of the Board, which failure does not cease within thirty (30) days after written notice specifying such failure in reasonable detail is given to the Executive by the Company or 
 (4) the Executive has materially breached this Agreement 
 (ii) The foregoing is an exclusive list of the acts or omissions that shall be considered Cause. 
 (b) As used herein, Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events 
 (i) Any transaction or event resulting in the beneficial ownership of voting securities, directly or indirectly, by any person or group (as those terms are defined in Sections 3(a)(9), 13(d), and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder) having beneficial ownership (as determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors voting securities of the Company that represent greater than 35 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding voting securities (unless the Executive has beneficial ownership of at least 35 of such voting securities), other than any transaction or event resulting in the beneficial ownership of securities 
 (1) by a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any person controlled by the Company or by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any person controlled by the Company or 
 (2) by the Company or a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the stock of the Company or 
 (3) pursuant to a transaction described in clause (iii) below that would not be a Change in Control under clause (iii). 
 (ii) Individuals who, as of the Effective Date, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose election by the Company s stockholders, or nomination for election by the Board, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a person other than the Board 
 10 

(iii) The consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the Company or indirectly involving the Company through one or more intermediaries) of (A) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination, (B) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, or (C) the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity, in each case, other than a transaction 
 (1) which results in the Company s voting securities outstanding immediately before the transaction continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the Company or the person that, as a result of the transaction, controls, directly or indirectly, the Company or owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the Company s assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company (the Company or such person, the Successor Entity )) directly or indirectly, greater than 25 of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity s outstanding voting securities immediately after the transaction, and 
 (2) after which no person or group beneficially owns voting securities representing greater than 50 of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity provided, however, that no person or group shall be treated for purposes of this clause (ii) as beneficially owning greater than 50 of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity solely as a result of the voting power held in the Company prior to the consummation of the transaction or 
 (3) The approval by the Company s stockholders of a liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 
 (iv) For purposes of clause (1) above, the calculation of voting power shall be made as if the date of the acquisition were a record date for a vote of the Company s stockholders, and for purposes of clause (1) above, the calculation of voting power shall be made as if the date of the consummation of the transaction were a record date for a vote of the Company s stockholders. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that this definition of Change in Control fails to satisfy the provisions of Code Section 409A or the Treasury Regulations thereunder, the definition shall be conformed to achieve compliance in a manner which preserves as much of the original intent and language of the definition as possible. 
 (c) As used herein, the Executive shall be considered to have incurred a Disability if one of the following requirements are met 
 (i) The Executive is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months or 
 (ii) The Executive is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan sponsored by the Company . 
 (d) As used herein, Good Reason shall mean that one or more of the following has occurred without the Executive s written consent 
 (i) a material negative change in the nature or scope of the Executive s responsibilities, duties or authority (including no longer being a part of the senior management team) as set forth in Section 1 
 (ii) a material reduction in the Executive s Base Salary or bonus opportunities, excluding any reduction of up to ten percent (10 that is applied across the senior management group of the Company 
 11 

(iii) the Executive s required re-location to a worksite location which is more than fifty (50) miles from the Executive s then current principal worksite without the Executive s consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), or 
 (iv) the Company s material breach of this Agreement (excluding any delay of payment required or permitted under Code Section 409A) 
 provided however that, in any such case, the Executive provides written notice to the Company that the event giving rise to such claim of Good Reason has occurred within thirty (30) days after the occurrence of such event, and such Good Reason remains uncured thirty (30) days after the Executive has provided such written notice provided further that any resignation of the Executive s employment for Good Reason occurs no later than thirty (30) days following the expiration of such cure period. 
 6.12 Resignation from Directorships and Officerships . The termination of the Executive s employment with the Company for any reason shall constitute the Executive s resignation from (i) any director, officer or employee position the Executive has with the Company or any of its affiliates and (ii) all fiduciary positions (including as a trustee) the Executive holds with respect to any employee benefit plans or trusts established by the Company or any of its affiliates. The Executive agrees that this Agreement shall serve as written notice of resignation in this circumstance. 
 6.13 Post-Employment Activities . Beginning on the day following the Severance Date, the Executive (i) shall remove any reference to the Company as the Executive s current employer from any social media or other web- or cloud-based source the Executive either directly or indirectly controls, including, but not limited to, LinkedIn, Facebook and Google+, and (ii) will not represent that the Executive is currently employed by the Company to any person or entity, including, but not limited to, on any social media or other web- or cloud-based source the Executive either directly or indirectly controls. 
 7. Protective Covenants . 
 7.1 Acknowledgements by the Executive . The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company has developed Trade Secrets and Confidential Information to assist it in its business. The Company employs or will employ the Executive in a position of trust and confidence. The Executive therefore acknowledges and agrees that the Company has a right to protect these legitimate business interests. Therefore, in consideration for the Company s decision to employ or continue to employ the Executive for the compensation and benefits provided to the Executive by the Company under this Agreement in consideration of the time, investment and cost the Company has incurred and will continue to incur to train the Executive and enhance his skills, including, without limitation, access to Trade Secrets or Confidential Information, the Executive hereby agrees to the protective covenants in this Agreement. The Executive expressly agrees that the covenants in this Section 7 shall continue in effect through the entire Restricted Period regardless of whether the Executive is then entitled to receive any further payments or benefits from the Company. For purposes of this Section 7 , the Company shall mean the Company together with its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates. It is further understood that the covenants contained in this Section 7 survive the term of this Agreement and bind the Executive so long as he is employed by the Company and including the two (2) years subsequent to the termination of that employment. 
 7.2 Confidential Information . 
 (a) The Executive agrees to execute and comply with the Company s Employee Non-Disclosure Agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Non-Disclosure Agreement and at all times to hold in strictest confidence, and not to use, except for the benefit of the Company, any of the Company s Trade Secrets or Confidential Information (as each term is defined in the Non-Disclosure Agreement) or to disclose to any person, firm or entity any of the Company s Trade Secrets or Confidential Information except (i) as authorized in writing by the Company s Board, or (ii) as required by law. 
 (b) The Defend Trade Secrets Act (18 U.S.C. 1833(b)) states An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a 
 12 

trade secret that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Accordingly, the Executive shall have the right to disclose in confidence Trade Secrets to federal, state, and local government officials, or to an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. The Executive shall also have the right to disclose Trade Secrets in a document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, but only if the filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). 
 7.3 No Competing Employment . 
 (a) The Executive acknowledges that the nature of the Company s business and the Executive s position with the Company is such that if the Executive were to become employed by, or become substantially involved in, the business of a competitor of the Company during the Term or during the twelve (12) months following the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company, it would be very difficult for the Executive not to rely on or use the Company s trade secrets and Confidential Information. 
 (b) Thus, to avoid the inevitable disclosure of the Company s Trade Secrets and Confidential Information, and to protect such Trade Secrets and Confidential Information, during the Executive s employment with the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months after the date the Executive s employment with the Company terminates for any reason (the Restricted Period ), the Executive shall not directly, or by assisting others, engage in the business of (i) designing and construction of single-family residences, (ii) mortgage lending to purchasers of single-family residences, and (iii) the sale of insurance products to purchasers or owners of single-family residences (collectively, the Business in any capacity identical with or corresponding to the capacity or capacities in which employed by the Company, anywhere within any and all counties in any state in which the Company has engaged in any single family residential building project for which the Company has invested resources, performed due diligence, planned land development and or initiated real estate acquisitions or construction in the past twenty four (24) months or in which it is currently engaging in, or which it is actively planning to engage in, any of the foregoing activities. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Executive may purchase and hold only for investment purposes less than two percent (2 of the shares of any Company in competition with the Company whose shares are regularly traded on a national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system, and (ii) the Executive may provide services to any business or entity that has a line of business, division, subsidiary or other affiliate that is a Competitive Business if, during the Restricted Period, the Executive is not employed directly in such line of business or division or by such subsidiary or other affiliate that is a Competitive Business and is not involved directly in the management, supervision or operations of such line of business, division, subsidiary or other affiliate that is a Competitive Business. The parties acknowledge and agree that, if necessary to determine the reasonable geographic scope of this restraint, the Company may rely on appropriate documentation and evidence outside the provisions of this Agreement. 
 7.4 Non-Solicitation of Employees . During the Restricted Period, the Executive shall not directly or indirectly solicit, induce, recruit, encourage, take away, or hire (or attempt any of the foregoing actions) or otherwise cause (or attempt to cause) any officer, representative, agent, director, employee or independent contractor of the Company to leave his or her employment or engagement with the Company either for employment with the Executive or with any other entity or person, or otherwise interfere with or disrupt (or attempt to disrupt) the employment or service relationship between any such individual and the Company. The Executive will not be deemed to have violated this Section 7.4 if employees respond to general advertisements for employment or if the Board provides unanimous prior written consent to the activities of the Executive (all such requests for consent will be given good faith consideration by the Board). 
 13 

7.5 Non-Disparagement . The Executive agrees that at no time during his employment with the Company or thereafter shall he make, or cause or assist any other person to make, any statement or other communication to any third party which impugns or attacks, or is otherwise critical of, the reputation, business or character of the Company or any of its affiliates, or any of its respective directors, officers, representatives, agents or employees. The Company agrees, in turn, that it will not make, in any authorized corporate communications to third parties, and it will direct the members of the Board and the executive management team not to make, cause or assist any other person to make, any statement or other communication to any third party which impugns or attacks, or is otherwise critical of, the reputation, business or character of the Executive. 
 7.6 Returning Company Documents . The Executive agrees that at the time of leaving the employ of the Company, he will deliver to the Company (and will not keep in his possession, recreate or deliver to anyone else) any and all devices, records, data, notes, reports, proposals, lists, correspondence (including emails), specifications, drawings, blueprints, sketches, materials, equipment, other documents or property, or reproductions of any items developed by the Executive pursuant to his employment with the Company or otherwise belonging to the Company, its successors or assigns. The Executive is not required to return any personal items documents, files, or materials containing personal information (except to the extent such materials also contain Trade Secrets or Confidential Information) or documents or agreements of which he is a party. 
 7.7 Confidentiality of Agreement . The Executive agrees that, except as may be required by applicable law or legal process, during his employment with the Company and thereafter, he shall not disclose the terms of this Agreement to any person or entity other than the Executive s accountants, financial advisors, attorneys or spouse, provided that such accountants, financial advisors, attorneys and spouse agree not to disclose the terms of this Agreement to any other person or entity. 
 7.8 Remedy for Breach . The Executive agrees that a breach of any of the covenants of this Section 7 would cause material and irreparable harm to the Company that would be difficult or impossible to measure, and that damages or other legal remedies available to the Company for any such injury would, therefore, be an inadequate remedy for any such breach. Accordingly, the Executive agrees that if he breaches any term of this Section 7 , the Company shall be entitled, in addition to and without limitation upon all other remedies the Company may have under this Agreement, at law or otherwise, to obtain injunctive or other appropriate equitable relief, without bond or other security, to restrain any such breach. Claims for damages and equitable relief in any court shall be available to the Company in lieu of, or prior to or pending determination in any arbitration proceeding. In the event the enforceability of any of the terms of this Agreement shall be challenged in court and the Executive is not enjoined from breaching any of the protective covenants, then if a court of competent jurisdiction finds that the challenged protective covenant is enforceable, the time periods shall be deemed tolled upon the filing of the lawsuit challenging the enforceability of this Agreement until the dispute is finally resolved and all periods of appeal have expired. 
 8. Defense of Claims . The Executive agrees that, during the term hereof, and for a period of five (5) years after termination of the Executive s employment, upon request from the Company, the Executive will cooperate with the Company in the defense of any claims or actions that may be made by or against the Company that affect the Executive s current or prior areas of responsibility, except if the Executive s reasonable interests are adverse to the Company in such claim or action. The Company agrees that it shall reimburse the reasonable out of pocket costs and attorney fees the Executive actually incurs in connection with the Executive s providing such assistance or cooperation to the Company, in accordance with the Company s standard policies and procedures as in effect from time to time, provided that the Executive shall have obtained prior written approval from the Company for any travel or legal fees and expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with his obligations under this Section 8 . 
 9. Source of Payments . All payments provided under this Agreement, other than payments made pursuant to a plan which provides otherwise, shall be paid in cash from the general assets of the Company, and no special or separate fund shall be established, and no other segregation of assets shall be made, to assure payment. The Executive shall have no right, title or interest whatsoever in or to any investments which the Company may make to aid the Company in meeting its obligations hereunder. To 
 14 

the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payments from the Company hereunder, such right shall be no greater than the right of an unsecured creditor of the Company. 
 10. Miscellaneous. 
 10.1 Assignment Binding Effect . 
 (a) By the Executive . This Agreement and any and all rights, duties, obligations or interests hereunder shall not be assignable or delegable by the Executive. 
 (b) By the Company . This Agreement and all of the Company s rights and obligations hereunder shall not be assignable by the Company except as incident to a reorganization, merger or consolidation, or transfer of all or substantially all of the Company s assets. 
 (c) Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto, any successors to or assigns of the Company and the Executive s heirs and the personal representatives of the Executive s estate. 
 10.2 Number and Gender . Where the context requires, the singular shall include the plural, the plural shall include the singular, and any gender shall include all other genders. 
 10.3 Section Headings . The section headings of, and titles of paragraphs and subparagraphs contained in, this Agreement are for the purpose of convenience only, and they neither form a part of this Agreement nor are they to be used in the construction or interpretation thereof. 
 10.4 Governing Law . This Agreement, including any claims or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement, and all questions relating to its validity, interpretation, performance and enforcement, as well as the legal relations hereby created between the parties hereto, shall be governed by and construed under, and interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of South Carolina without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provisions or rule (whether of the State of South Carolina or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of South Carolina. 
 10.5 Survival of Certain Provisions . The rights and obligations set forth in Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10 shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
 10.6 Entire Agreement . This Agreement embodies the entire agreement of the parties hereto respecting the matters within its scope. As of the date hereof, this Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements of the parties hereto that directly or indirectly bear upon the subject matter hereof. Any prior negotiations, correspondence, agreements, proposals or understandings relating to the subject matter hereof shall be deemed to be of no force or effect, and the parties to any such other negotiations, commitments, agreements or writings shall have no further rights or obligations thereunder. There are no representations, warranties, or agreements, whether express or implied, or oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof, except as expressly set forth herein. 
 10.7 Modifications, Waivers . This Agreement may not be amended, modified or changed (in whole or in part), except by an instrument in writing signed by both parties hereto. The waiver by either party of compliance with any provision of this Agreement by the other party shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by such party of a provision of this Agreement. 
 10.8 Jurisdiction, Venue, and Jury Trial Waiver . Each party irrevocably submits to (i) the exclusive jurisdiction of the South Carolina state courts and any federal court sitting in Columbia, South Carolina for purposes of any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of this Agreement that is brought by or against the other party, and (ii) the exclusive venue of such suit, action or proceeding in Columbia, South Carolina. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE EXECUTIVE IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT. 
 10.9 Notices . All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given and made if (i) 
 15 

delivered by hand, (ii) otherwise delivered against receipt therefore, or (iii) sent by overnight courier, signature required. Any notice shall be duly addressed to the parties as follows 
 (a) if to the Company 
 United Homes Group, Inc. 
 Attn. Chief Executive Officer 
 90 N. Royal Drive 
 Irmo, South Carolina 29063 
 mnieri unitedhomesgroup.com 
 
 (b) with a copy to 
 United Homes Group, Inc. 
 Attn. General Counsel 
 90 N. Royal Drive 
 Irmo, South Carolina 29063 
 stevelenker unitedhomesgroup.com 
 
 (c) if to the Executive, to the address most recently on file in the payroll records of the Company. 
 10.10 Severability . If this Agreement shall for any reason be or become unenforceable in any material respect by any party, this Agreement shall thereupon terminate and become unenforceable by the other party as well. In all other respects, if any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect, and if any provision is held invalid or unenforceable with respect to particular circumstances, it shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect in all other circumstances, to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 10.11 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. 
 10.12 Legal Counsel Mutual Drafting . Each party recognizes that this is a legally binding contract and acknowledges and agrees that they have had the opportunity to consult with legal counsel of their choice. Each party has cooperated in the drafting, negotiation and preparation of this Agreement. Hence, in any construction to be made of this Agreement, the same shall not be construed against either party on the basis of that party being the drafter of such language. The Executive agrees and acknowledges that he has read and understands this Agreement, is entering into it freely and voluntarily, and has been advised to seek counsel prior to entering into this Agreement and has had ample opportunity to do so. 
 
 The remainder of this page has intentionally been left blank. 
 
 16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company and the Executive have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth above. 
 COMPANY 
 UNITED HOMES GROUP, INC. 
 
 By s Michael Nieri 
 Name Michael Nieri 
 Title President 

EXECUTIVE 
 Tom O'Grady 
 
 s Tom O Grady 
 Signature 

Exhibit A 
 Employee Non-Disclosure Agreement 
 THIS EMPLOYEE NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made on the Effective Date (as hereinafter defined) by Employee in favor of United Homes Group, Inc. , a Delaware corporation, on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries Employer ). The Effective Date is the date this Agreement is accepted by Employer. 
 
 In exchange for, and in consideration of, the sum of 1.00 from Employer to Employee, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Employee covenants and agrees as follows 
 
 1. Non-Disclosure . During Employee s employment with Employer and for a period of 2 years thereafter, Employee covenants and agrees to hold in strict confidence and not to disclose or make accessible to anyone any of Employer s Trade Secrets or Confidential Information (as those terms are hereinafter defined) to which Employee has or is given (or has had or been given) access as a result of or in connection with Employee s employment by Employer. Employee acknowledges that Employer s Trade Secrets have been acquired and maintained by Employer at great effort and expense, constitute valuable assets of Employer, and are maintained in secrecy by Employer. 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement, the term Trade Secrets means the trade secrets, confidential and proprietary business information, and confidential and proprietary customer information of Employer as defined by the South Carolina Trade Secrets Act, S.C. Code 39-8-10 et seq . Employer s Trade Secrets include, but are not limited to, the following (a) the processes related to developing, designing, manufacturing, marketing, selling, distributing, and or maintaining Employer s business and products to and for customers (b) availability requirements, costs, and price information regarding Employer s business (c) sources of new customers and Employer s marketing plans, strategy and development tools related thereto and (d) all suppliers, sources, availability, costs, and prices relating to Employer s business. Employer s Trade Secrets do not include information that is now or subsequently becomes part of the public domain through no fault of employee and information that subsequently comes into Employee s possession from an independent third source not under an obligation of secrecy to Employee, which fact Employee can readily document. 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement, the term Confidential Information means all other confidential information of Employer (which may not constitute Trade Secrets as statutorily or contractually defined), including but not limited to financial information, forecasts, expirations, personally identifiable information of customers and or employees (e.g., drivers licenses, social security cards, addresses, phone numbers and or credit cards), marketing and advertising strategies, plans, records, business secrets, operation techniques, manufacturing or business methods, patterns, designs, employee wage and other information and other data of Employer or its affiliates submitted to Employee or compiled, received, or otherwise discovered by Employee, from time to time and in the course of Employee s employment with Employer, or used in Employer s or its affiliates business(es). This non-disclosure applies to such information which is not generally known to, and is not readily ascertainable by proper means by, the public or any other person who can obtain economic value from their disclosure and use, and that are subject to efforts by Employer that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain the secrecy thereof for any purpose whatsoever. Confidential Information specifically includes information and property which is confidential but which may be found not to rise to the level of a trade secret. It specifically may include, but is not limited to, customer lists, employee lists, price lists and wage lists. 
 
 2. Ownership . Employee acknowledges and agrees that the Trade Secrets and the Confidential Information shall remain the exclusive property of Employer. Nothing herein shall be deemed to grant or otherwise convey a license, whether directly or by implication, estoppel or otherwise, to any Trade Secrets or Confidential Information disclosed pursuant to this Agreement. 

3. Remedies . Employee understands and agrees that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement by Employee and that Employer shall be entitled to equitable relief, including, without limitation, injunction and specific performance, as a remedy for any such breach. Such remedies shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedies for a breach by Employee of this Agreement but shall be in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity to Employer. 
 
 4. Miscellaneous . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of South Carolina. It is understood and agreed that no failure or delay by SCDA in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder. If any provision of this Agreement is found to violate any statute, regulation, rule, order or decree of any governmental authority, court, agency or exchange, such invalidity shall not be deemed to affect any other provision hereof or the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, and such invalid provision shall be deemed deleted herefrom to the minimum extent necessary to cure such violation. This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the Parties regarding its subject matter and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, arrangements and discussions between the Parties regarding such subject matter. 
 
 Accepted United Homes Group 
 
 By 
 Name and Title 
 Date 
 
 By 
 Employee Name 
 Date 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.21>
 4
 uhg-20231231xexx1021xwfbam.htm
 EX-10.21

Document 
 Exhibit 10.21 
 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is dated as of December 22, 2023 (the First Amendment Effective Date ), by and among GREAT SOUTHERN HOMES, INC., a South Carolina corporation GSH ), and UNITED HOMES GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation UHG UHG and GSH, individually or collectively as the context may suggest or require, jointly and severally, the Borrower ), the Lenders party hereto and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the administrative agent for the Lenders (together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the lenders party thereto (collectively, the Lenders ), Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as the joint Lead Arranger and sole Bookrunner, Regions Bank, as the joint Lead Arranger and Syndication Agent, Flagstar Bank, as the Documentation Agent, and the Administrative Agent entered into that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 10, 2023, as amended by that certain Letter Agreement dated as of September 29, 2023 and as further amended by that certain Letter Agreement dated as of October 20, 2023 (as amended, and as the same may have been further amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Requisite Lenders and the Administrative Agent desire to amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement on the terms and conditions contained herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the above premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto, each of the parties hereto hereby covenant and agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. Definitions . Unless otherwise specifically defined herein, each term used herein which is defined in the Credit Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Credit Agreement. Each reference to hereof, hereunder, herein, and hereby and each other similar reference and each reference to this Agreement and each other similar reference contained in the Credit Agreement shall from and after the date hereof refer to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 
 SECTION 2. Amendments to the Credit Agreement . The parties hereto hereby agree that 
 (a) Section 10.1(c) of the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 (c) Minimum DSCR . The Borrower shall not permit the Debt Service Coverage Ratio to be less than 2.00 to 1.00 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter. 
 (b) Section 10.1(d) of the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 (d) Minimum Liquidity . The Borrower shall maintain (i) Liquidity of not less than the greater of (1) 30,000,000.00, or (2) an amount equal to 1.50x the trailing twelve month Interest Incurred (as determined, in Administrative Agent s reasonable determination, by the most recent Form 10-Q or Form 10-K, 

as applicable, of Parent Borrower) at all times and (ii) Unrestricted Cash of not less than fifty percent (50 of the Liquidity required pursuant to the preceding clause (i) at all times. 
 SECTION 3. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Effect of Agreement . Except as set forth expressly hereinabove (including the recitals hereto), all terms of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be and remain in full force and effect, and shall constitute the legal, valid, binding, and enforceable obligations of the Borrower. 
 (b) Loan Document . For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent hereby acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is a Loan Document. 
 (c) No Novation or Mutual Departure . The Borrower expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) there has not been, and this Agreement does not constitute or establish, a novation with respect to the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, or a mutual departure from the strict terms, provisions, and conditions thereof, other than with respect to the amendments contained in Section 2 above and (ii) nothing in this Agreement shall affect or limit the Administrative Agent s or the Lenders right to demand payment of liabilities owing from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender under, or to demand strict performance of the terms, provisions and conditions of, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, to exercise any and all rights, powers, and remedies under the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents or at law or in equity, or to do any and all of the foregoing, immediately at any time after the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default under the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 
 (d) Ratification . The Borrower hereby (i) restates, ratifies, and reaffirms each and every term, covenant, and condition set forth in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which each is a party effective as of the date hereof and (ii) restates and renews each and every representation and warranty heretofore made by it in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents as fully as if made on the date hereof and with specific reference to this Agreement and any other Loan Documents executed or delivered in connection herewith (except with respect to representations and warranties made as of an expressed date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such date). To the extent there are any conflicts between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the Credit Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control. 
 (e) No Default . To induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto to enter into this Agreement and to continue to make advances pursuant to the Credit Agreement (subject to the terms and conditions thereof), the Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that, as of the date hereof, and after giving effect to the terms hereof, there exists (i) no Default or Event of Default and (ii) no right of offset, defense, counterclaim, claim, or objection in favor of the Borrower arising out of or with respect to any of the Loans or other obligations of the Borrower owed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (f) Release . The Borrower hereby ratifies, reaffirms and acknowledges that the Loan Documents represent their valid, enforceable and collectible obligations, and that they have no existing claims, defenses (personal or otherwise) or rights of setoff with respect thereto. The Borrower hereby releases the Administrative Agent and Lenders, their respective parent corporations, subsidiaries and affiliates, any holder of or participant in the Loan, and each of their respective present and former officers, directors, shareholders, representatives, consultants, 
 2 

attorneys, employees and agents, and their respective heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns (collectively, the Released Parties ), from any and all claims, liabilities, damages, actions and causes of action of every nature or character (collectively, the Claims ), known or unknown, direct or indirect, at law or in equity, for or because of any matter or things done, omitted or suffered to be done by any of the Released Parties prior to and including the date of this Agreement, or that may hereafter be discovered with respect to acts or omissions occurring prior to such date, relating to the Loan, the administration of the Loan or the modifications described herein. The Borrower expressly waives and relinquishes all rights and benefits under any law or legal principle of similar effect in any jurisdiction, with respect to released Claims to the extent the same may be lawfully waived by the Borrower. The Borrower understands and agrees that the release set forth herein is a full and final release of any and all Claims of every nature and kind whatsoever arising out of the facts and circumstances described herein and that the above release extinguishes Claims that are known, unknown, foreseen or unforeseen. 
 (g) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which counterparts, taken together, shall constitute but one and the same instrument. This Agreement may be executed by each party on separate copies, which copies, when combined so as to include the signatures of all parties, shall constitute a single counterpart of the Agreement. 
 (h) Fax or Other Electronic Transmission . Delivery by one or more parties hereto of an executed counterpart of this Agreement via facsimile, telecopy, or other electronic method of transmission pursuant to which the signature of such party can be seen (including, without limitation, in portable document format PDF )) shall have the same force and effect as the delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement. Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic method of transmission shall also deliver an original executed counterpart, but the failure to do so shall not affect the validity, enforceability, or binding effect of this Agreement. The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act and any other applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code. Each party hereto hereby waive any defenses to the enforcement of the terms of this Agreement based on the form of its signature, and hereby agrees that such electronically transmitted or signed signatures shall be conclusive proof, admissible in judicial proceedings, of such party s execution of this Agreement. 
 (i) Recitals Incorporated Herein . The preamble and the recitals to this Agreement are hereby incorporated herein by this reference. 
 (j) Section References . Section titles and references used in this Agreement shall be without substantive meaning or content of any kind whatsoever and are not a part of the agreements among the parties hereto evidenced hereby. 
 (k) Further Assurances . The Borrower agrees to take, at the Borrower s sole cost and expense, such further actions as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request from time to time to evidence the amendments set forth herein and the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 (l) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of South Carolina but excluding any 
 3 

principles of conflicts of law or other rule of law that would cause the application of the law of any jurisdiction other than the laws of the State of South Carolina. 
 (m) Expenses . The Borrower shall reimburse the Administrative Agent upon demand for all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Amendment and the other agreements and documents executed and delivered in connection herewith. 
 (n) Severability . Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof in that jurisdiction or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 4. Conditions Precedent . This Agreement shall become effective only upon the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) counterparts of this Agreement duly executed by the Borrower, Requisite Lenders and the Administrative Agent and 
 (b) evidence that all fees, expenses and reimbursement amounts due and payable to the Administrative Agent (including, without limitation, the fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent), have been paid. 
 SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGES 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party hereto has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by its duly authorized officer as of the First Amendment Effective Date. 
 BORROWER 
 
 GREAT SOUTHERN HOMES, INC. , a South Carolina corporation 

By s Michael P. Nieri 
 Name Michael P. Nieri 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

UNITED HOMES GROUP, INC. , a Delaware corporation 

By s Michael P. Nieri 
 Name Michael P. Nieri 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

Signature Page to First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND LENDER 
 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

By s Nora Lebow 
 Name Nora Lebow 
 Title Director 
 
 NAI-1538827172v4 

LENDERS 
 
 REGIONS BANK 

By s Justin Smith 
 Name Justin Smith 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

FLAGSTAR BANK, N.A. 

By s Illegible 
 Name Illegible 
 Title First VP 

Signature Page to First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

UNITED BANK 

By s Jay Ratterree 
 Name Jay Ratterree 
 Title SVP 

Signature Page to First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

THIRD COAST BANK SSB 

By s Tiffany Weber 
 Name Tiffany Weber 
 Title Bank Officer 

Signature Page to First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 uhg-20231231xexx211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 Name Jurisdiction of Formation Great Southern Homes, Inc. South Carolina UHG Services, LLC South Carolina Rosewood Communities, Inc. South Carolina 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 uhg-20231231xexx231xforvis.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-272887 and File No. 333-277024) of United Homes Group, Inc. of our report dated March 15, 2024, with respect to the financial statements of United Homes Group, Inc. included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 s FORVIS LLP 
 Tysons, Virginia 
 March 15, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 uhg-20231231xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael Nieri, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of United Homes Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 15, 2024 
 By s Michael Nieri Michael Nieri Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 uhg-20231231xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Keith Feldman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of United Homes Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 15, 2024 
 By s Keith Feldman Keith Feldman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 uhg-20231231xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADDED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of United Homes Group, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Michael Nieri, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 
 Date March 15, 2024 
 By s Michael Nieri Michael Nieri Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 uhg-20231231xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADDED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of United Homes Group, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Keith Feldman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 
 Date March 15, 2024 
 By s Keith Feldman Keith Feldman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 11
 uhg-20231231xexx971xclawba.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 

Exhibit 97.1 
 
 UNITED HOMES GROUP, INC. 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION CLAWBACK POLICY 
 
 Adopted October 26, 2023 
 
 I. Defined Terms. 
 
 For purpose of this Policy, the following terms have the following meanings 
 
 Applicable Period means the three completed fiscal years preceding the earlier of (i) the date that the Board, a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare a Restatement or (ii) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Restatement. Applicable Period also includes, in addition to the three fiscal year period described in the preceding sentence, any transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) within or immediately following that completed three fiscal year period provided, a transition period between the last day of the Company s previous fiscal year end and the first day of its new fiscal year that comprises a period of nine to 12 months would be deemed a completed fiscal year. 
 Board means the board of directors of the Company. 
 
 Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board, or, in the absence of such a committee, references to the Committee shall be deemed to be references to the Board. 
 
 Company means United Homes Group, Inc. 
 
 Covered Executive Officer means any current or former Executive Officer of the Company. 
 
 Effective Date means the date the Policy is adopted by the Committee. 
 
 Equity Incentive Compensation means any stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, long-term incentive plan units or other similar awards granted, vested or accrued under any Company plan or agreement and payable to a Covered Executive Officer based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure by the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Executive Officer means an officer as defined in Rule 10D-1(d) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Executive Compensation Arrangement means any plan or agreement pursuant to which the Company compensates a Covered Executive Officer through Incentive Compensation on or after the date of adoption of this Policy. 
 
 Financial Reporting Measure means a measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements (including non-GAAP financial measures, such as those appearing in earnings releases), and any measure that is derived wholly or in part from such measure. Examples of Financial Reporting Measures include measures based on revenues, net income, operating income, financial ratios, EBITDA, liquidity measures, return measures (such as return on assets), and profitability of one or more segments. Stock price and total shareholder return TSR also are Financial Reporting Measures. 
 
 1 

Impracticable means, after exercising a normal due process review of all the relevant facts and circumstances and taking all steps required by Exchange Act Rule 10D-1 and any applicable exchange listing standard, the Committee determines that recovery of the Incentive Compensation is impracticable because (i) it has determined that the direct expense that the Company would pay to a third party to assist in recovering the Incentive Compensation would exceed the amount to be recovered (ii) it has concluded that the recovery of the Incentive Compensation would violate home country law adopted prior to November 28, 2022 or (iii) it has determined that the recovery of Incentive Compensation would cause a tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to the Company s employees, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 
 Incentive Compensation means Equity Incentive Compensation and Non-Equity Incentive Compensation however, it does not include (i) base salaries (ii) discretionary cash bonuses (iii) awards (either cash or equity) that are based upon subjective, strategic or operational standards and (iv) equity awards that vest solely on the passage of time. 
 Non-Equity Incentive Compensation means any variable cash compensation paid to a Covered Executive Officer based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure by the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Policy means this Executive Officer Compensation Clawback Policy. 
 
 Restatement means an accounting restatement of any of the Company s financial statements due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under U.S. securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements (often referred to as a Big R restatement), or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (often referred to as a little r restatement). A Restatement does not include situations in which financial statement changes did not result from material non-compliance with financial reporting requirements, such as, but not limited to, a retrospective (i) application of a change in accounting principles (ii) revision to reportable segment information due to a change in the structure of the Company s internal organization (iii) reclassification due to a discontinued operation (iv) application of a change in reporting entity, such as from a reorganization of entities under common control (v) adjustment to provision amounts in connection with a prior business combination and (vi) revision for stock splits, stock dividends, reverse stock splits or other changes in capital structure. 
 
 II. Clawback Policy. 
 
 If the Company is required to prepare a Restatement, the Company shall, unless the Committee determines it to be Impracticable, take reasonably prompt action to recover from each Covered Executive Officer that portion of the unvested, vested, unpaid or paid Incentive Compensation received by such Covered Executive Officer during the Applicable Period that was in excess of the amount that such Covered Executive Officer would have received had such Incentive Compensation been calculated based upon the Financial Reporting Measures, as reflected in the Restatement. With respect to Incentive Compensation based on stock price or TSR, when the amount of erroneously awarded compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in a Restatement (i) the amount must be based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Restatement on the stock price or TSR upon which the Incentive Compensation Received by the Covered Executive Officer originally was based and (ii) the Company must maintain documentation of the determination of the reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the national securities exchange upon which the Company s securities are then listed. 
 
 The foregoing policy shall apply regardless of the culpability of a Covered Executive Officer with respect to such Restatement. This Policy shall apply only to Incentive Compensation (calculated on a pre-tax basis) received on or after October 2, 2023 by a person (i) after beginning service as a Covered Executive Officer (ii) who served as a Covered Executive Officer at any time during the performance period for that Incentive Compensation and (iii) while the Company had a class of securities listed on a national 
 2 

securities exchange or national securities association. For purposes of this Policy, Incentive Compensation shall be deemed received in any Company fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 
 III. Recoupment . 
 
 The Committee will determine, in its sole discretion, the method for recouping Incentive Compensation hereunder which may include, without limitation (a) requiring reimbursement of cash Incentive Compensation previously paid (b) seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer, or other disposition of any equity-based awards (c) offsetting the recouped amount from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company to the Covered Executive Officer (d) cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity awards, and or (e) taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law, as determined by the Committee. 
 
 The Committee intends that this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent of the law. The Committee may require that any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement entered into on or after the Effective Date shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, require a Covered Executive Officer to agree to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any similar policy in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available to the Company. 
 
 IV. General. 
 
 A. The Committee may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to reflect final regulations adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under Section 10D of the Exchange Act and to comply with any rules or standards adopted by the national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. The Committee may terminate this Policy at any time. It is intended that this Policy comply with, and that the Committee seek to administer this Policy in compliance with, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as amended, the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and, to the extent applicable, the national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed, and all other applicable law. 
 
 B. The Committee shall, subject to the provisions of this Policy, make such determinations and interpretations and take such actions in connection with this Policy as it deems necessary, appropriate or advisable. All determinations and interpretations made by the Committee shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 
 C. The rights to recoupment set forth in this Policy are in addition to any other rights that the Company may have against any Covered Executive Officer, including, without limitation, any remedies at law or in equity. Application of this Policy does not preclude the Company from taking any other action to enforce a Covered Executive Officer s obligations to the Company, including termination of employment or institution of civil or criminal proceedings. 
 
 D. Notwithstanding the terms of any of the Company s organizational documents, any corporate policy or any contract, the Company shall not indemnify any Covered Executive Officer against the loss of any incorrectly awarded Incentive Compensation. 
 
 E. The Company shall make all disclosures and filings with respect to this Policy and maintain all documents and records that are required by the applicable rules and forms of the SEC (including, without limitation, Rule 10D-1) and any applicable exchange listing standard. 
 
 F. The Company shall take all reasonable appropriate steps to inform Covered Executive Officers of this Policy and obtain a written acknowledgement of the same so that this Policy shall be enforceable to the fullest extent legally permissible however, the failure to so inform or obtain such acknowledgement shall have no impact on the applicability or enforceability of this Policy. 
 3 

4 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 uhg-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 uhg-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 uhg-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 uhg-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 uhg-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

