<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240320_10-K_edgar_data_1988880_0001988880-24-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>236215</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>51029</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>176206</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001988880-24-000004.hdr.sgml : 20240320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240320131627
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001988880-24-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001988880
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				932580132
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-273931-01
		FILM NUMBER:		24767227

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O DTE ELECTRIC COMPANY
		STREET 2:		ONE ENERGY PLAZA
		CITY:			DETROIT
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48226-1279
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3132354000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O DTE ELECTRIC COMPANY
		STREET 2:		ONE ENERGY PLAZA
		CITY:			DETROIT
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48226-1279

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001988880-24-000004.txt : 20240320

10-K
 1
 dteelectricsecuritizationf.htm
 10-K

Document 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ______________________________________________ 
 FORM 10-K 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 Or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission File Number 333-273931-01 
 Central Index Key Number of Issuing Entity 0001988880 
 DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC 
 
 Commission File Number of Depositor and Sponsor 1-2198 
 Central Index Key Number of Depositor and Sponsor 0000028385 
 DTE Electric Company 
 Delaware 93-2580132 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S Employer Identification No.) One Energy Plaza, Detroit, Michigan 48226-1279 
 313-235-4000 
 (Registrants address of principal executive offices) (Registrants telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 Yes 
 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 Yes 
 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflects the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive based compensation received by any of the registrants' executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes 
 
 No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the member's equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2023 
 None 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 238 Los Angeles, California (Auditor Name) (Firm ID) (Auditor Location) 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 None. 

Part I 
 
 The following Items have been omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K 
 Item 1. Business 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

Part II 
 
 The following Items have been omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. D isclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 

Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 The following are the managers and executive officers of DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC as of December 31, 2023 
 Name Age Present Position Held Since David S. Ruud 57 President and Manager of DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC 
 11 2023 to Present Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of DTE Energy Company and DTE Electric Company 
 5 2020 to Present (1) 
 Christopher J. Allen 44 Treasurer and Manager of DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC 
 11 2023 to Present Vice President and Treasurer of DTE Energy Company and DTE Electric Company 6 2021 to Present (1) 
 Timothy J. Lepczyk 41 Secretary and Manager of DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC 
 11 2023 to Present Assistant Treasurer of DTE Energy Company and DTE Electric Company 8 2021 to Present (1) 
 Michelle A. Dreyer 
 52 Independent Manager of DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC 11 2023 to Present Managing Director, Global Restructuring and Independent Director of CSC Global 
 3 2022 to Present (2) 
 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) These executive officers have held various other positions at DTE Energy for five or more years. 
 (2) Has held various other positions within the CSC Independent Director department for more than five years. 
 DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of DTE Electric Company, which in turn is a wholly-owned subsidiary of DTE Energy Company. 
 Code of Ethics 
 As a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of DTE Energy Company, DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC, together with its managers and executive officers, is subject to DTE Energy Company s Officer Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and its general standard of conduct, the DTE Energy Way. These policies, together with any waivers or amendments to these policies, can be found on the DTE Energy Company website, www.dteenergy.com ethics . There were no waivers or amendments during 2023. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Other than the annual independent manager fee of 3,650 paid to Corporation Service Company, DTE Electric Securitization Funding II, LLC does not pay any compensation to its managers or executive officers. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 None. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Manager Michelle A. Dreyer is an independent manager and an employee of Corporation Service Company. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 

Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) and (a)(2) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules are omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K as listed under Item 8 of this report. 
 (a)(3) and (b) Refer to exhibit listing below. (c) None. 
 Exhibit Number Description (i) Exhibits filed herewith 31.1 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(d) 15(d)-14(d) 33.1 
 Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria for Asset-Backed Issuers for DTE Electric Company, Servicer 33.2 
 Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria for Asset-Backed Issuers for U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, Indenture Trustee 
 34.1 
 Attestation Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria for Asset-Backed Securities of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on behalf of DTE Electric Company, Servicer 34.2 
 Attestation Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria for Asset-Backed Securities of Ernst & Young LLP on behalf of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, Indenture Trustee 
 35.1 
 Servicer Compliance Statement (ii) Exhibits furnished herewith None. (iii) Exhibits incorporated by reference 3.1 
 Certificate of Formation of DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC , dated as of July 24, 2023 (Exhibit 3.1 to the Form SF-1 filed August 11, 2023 , and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of October 17, 2023, of DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC (Exhibit 3.2 to the Form 8-K filed October 20, 2023 , and incorporated herein by reference 
 4.1 
 I ndenture by and among DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC and U.S. Bank Trust Company , National Association as a securities intermediary and an account bank, dated as of November 1, 2023 (Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed November 1 , 2023, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.2 
 Series Supplement by and among DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as the Indenture Trustee and U.S. Bank National Association as a securities intermediary and an account bank, dated as of November 1, 2023 Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed November 1 , 2023, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.1 
 Securitization Property Servicing Agreement between DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC and DTE Electric Company, as Servicer, dated as of November 1, 2023 (Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed November 1 , 2023, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.2 
 Securitization Property Purchase and Sale Agreement between DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC and DTE Electric Company, as Seller, dated as of November 1, 2023 (Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed November 1, 2023, and incorporated her ein by reference) 
 10.3 
 Administration Agreement between DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC and DTE Electric Company, as Administrator, dated as of November 1, 2023 (Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 8-K filed November 1, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.4 
 Intercreditor Agreement by and among DTE Electric Company, DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC, DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC, The Bank of New York Mellon and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, dated as of November 1, 2023 (Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 8-K filed November 1, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference) 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 

Item 1112(b). Significant Obligors of Pool Assets 
 None. 

Item 1114(b)(2). Credit Enhancement and Other Support, Except for Certain Derivative Instruments 
 None. 

Item 1115(b). Certain Derivative Instruments 
 None. 

Item 1117. Legal Proceedings 
 U.S. Bank National Association U.S. Bank and other large financial institutions have been sued in their capacity as trustee or successor trustee for certain residential mortgage backed securities RMBS trusts. The complaints, primarily filed by investors or investor groups against U.S. Bank and similar institutions, allege the trustees caused losses to investors as a result of alleged failures by the sponsors, mortgage loan sellers and servicers to comply with the governing agreements for these RMBS trusts. Plaintiffs generally assert causes of action based upon the trustees purported failures to enforce repurchase obligations of mortgage loan sellers for alleged breaches of representations and warranties, notify securityholders of purported events of default allegedly caused by breaches of servicing standards by mortgage loan servicers and abide by a heightened standard of care following alleged events of default. 
 U.S. Bank denies liability and believes that it has performed its obligations under the RMBS trusts in good faith, that its actions were not the cause of losses to investors, that it has meritorious defenses, and it has contested and intends to continue contesting the plaintiffs claims vigorously. However, U.S. Bank cannot assure you as to the outcome of any of the litigation, or the possible impact of these litigations on the trustee or the RMBS trusts. 
 On March 9, 2018, a law firm purporting to represent fifteen Delaware statutory trusts (the DSTs that issued securities backed by student loans (the Student Loans filed a lawsuit in the Delaware Court of Chancery against U.S. Bank National Association U.S. Bank in its capacities as indenture trustee and successor special servicer, and three other institutions in their respective transaction capacities, with respect to the DSTs and the Student Loans. This lawsuit is captioned The National Collegiate Student Loan Master Trust I, et al. v. U.S. Bank National Association, et al., C.A. No. 2018-0167-JRS (Del. Ch.) (the NCMSLT Action ). The complaint, as amended on June 15, 2018, alleged that the DSTs have been harmed as a result of purported misconduct or omissions by the defendants concerning administration of the trusts and special servicing of the Student Loans. Since the filing of the NCMSLT Action, certain Student Loan borrowers have made assertions against U.S. Bank concerning special servicing that appear to be based on certain allegations made on behalf of the DSTs in the NCMSLT Action. 
 U.S. Bank has filed a motion seeking dismissal of the operative complaint in its entirety with prejudice pursuant to Chancery Court Rules 12(b)(1) and 12(b)(6) or, in the alternative, a stay of the case while other prior filed disputes involving the DSTs and the Student Loans are litigated. On November 7, 2018, the Court ruled that the case should be stayed in its entirety pending resolution of the first-filed cases. On January 21, 2020, the Court entered an order consolidating for pretrial purposes the NCMSLT Action and three other lawsuits pending in the Delaware Court of Chancery concerning the DSTs and the Student Loans, which remains pending. 
 U.S. Bank denies liability in the NCMSLT Action and believes it has performed its obligations as indenture trustee and special servicer in good faith and in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the agreements governing the DSTs and that it has meritorious defenses. It has contested and intends to continue contesting the plaintiffs claims vigorously. 

Item 1119. Affiliations and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of DTE Electric Company, which is the depositor, sponsor, and servicer. 

Item 1122. Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria 
 See Exhibits 33.1, 33.2, 34.1, and 34.2 of this Form 10-K. 

Item 1123. Servicer Compliance Statement 
 See Exhibit 35.1 of this Form 10-K. 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 DTE ELECTRIC SECURITIZATION FUNDING II LLC (Issuing Entity) By DTE ELECTRIC COMPANY, as Servicer S TRACY J. MYRICK Tracy J. Myrick Chief Accounting Officer 
 Date March 20, 2024 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION TO BE FURNISHED WITH REPORTS FILED PURSUANT TO SECTION 15(d) OF THE ACT BY REGISTRANTS WHICH HAVE NOT REGISTERED SECURITIES PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE ACT. 
 No such annual report, proxy statement, form of proxy or other soliciting material has been sent to registrant s security holders. The registrant will not be sending an annual report or proxy material to its security holders subsequent to the filing of this form. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a20231231ex311-securitizat.htm
 FORM 10-K CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 FORM 10-K CERTIFICATION 
 I, Tracy J. Myrick, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K and all reports on Form 10-D required to be filed in respect of the period covered by this report on Form 10-K of DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC (the Exchange Act periodic reports 
 2. Based on my knowledge, the Exchange Act periodic reports, taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, all of the distribution, servicing, and other information required to be provided under Form 10-D for the period covered by this report is included in the Exchange Act periodic reports 
 4. I am responsible for reviewing the activities performed by DTE Electric Company, as servicer, and based on my knowledge and the compliance review conducted in preparing the servicer compliance statement required in this report under Item 1123 of Regulation AB, and except as disclosed in the Exchange Act periodic reports, the servicer has fulfilled its obligations under the Securitization Property Servicing Agreement, dated November 1, 2023, by and between DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC and DTE Electric Company, in all material respects and 
 5. All of the reports on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities and their related attestation reports on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities required to be included in this report in accordance with Item 1122 of Regulation AB and Exchange Act Rules 13a-18 and 15d-18 have been included as an exhibit to this report, except as otherwise disclosed in this report. Any material instances of noncompliance described in such reports have been disclosed in this report on Form 10 K. 
 In giving the certifications above, I have reasonably relied on information provided to me by the following unaffiliated party U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee. 
 
 S TRACY J. MYRICK Date March 20, 2024 Tracy J. Myrick Chief Accounting Officer and senior officer in charge of the servicing function of DTE Electric Company 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-33.1>
 3
 a20231231ex331-securitizat.htm
 ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE (SERVICER)

Document 

Exhibit 33.1 
 REPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH SERVICING CRITERIA 
 FOR ASSET-BACKED ISSUERS 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that the undersigned is the duly elected and acting Chief Accounting Officer of DTE Electric Company, as servicer (the Company and Servicer for the issuing entities and related transactions identified in Appendix A and further certifies that 
 1. The undersigned is responsible for assessing the Servicer's compliance with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB (the Servicing Criteria ). The transactions covered by this report include all publicly issued (i.e., registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) securities secured by an intangible property right to charge, collect, and receive amounts necessary to provide for the full recovery of the specified costs determined to be recoverable (and assures that the charges are non-bypassable and will be paid by customers within the utility s historic service territory who receive utility goods or services through the utility s transmission and distribution system, even if those customers elect to purchase these goods or services from a third party), issued on or after January 1, 2006 for which the Company provides applicable services (the Platform ), as listed in Appendix A hereto. 
 2. With respect to each of the Servicing Criteria, the undersigned has made the following assessment of the Servicing Criteria in accordance with Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB, with such discussion regarding the performance of such Servicing Criteria during the year ended December 31, 2023 
 Regulation AB Reference Servicing Criteria Applicable Servicing Criteria Inapplicable Servicing Criteria General Servicing Considerations 1122(d)(1)(i) Policies and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(1)(ii) If any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third party s performance and compliance with such servicing activities. X 1122(d)(1)(iii) Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for pool assets are maintained. X 1122(d)(1)(iv) A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(1)(v) Aggregation of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the information conveyed accurately reflects the information. X Cash Collection and Administration 1122(d)(2)(i) Payments on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business days of receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(2)(ii) Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. X 1122(d)(2)(iii) Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(2)(iv) The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of overcollateralization, are separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set forth in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(2)(v) Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, federally insured depository institution with respect to a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of Rule 13k-1(b)(1) under the Exchange Act. X 1122(d)(2)(vi) Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. X 1122(d)(2)(vii) Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations are (A) mathematically accurate (B) prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements (C) reviewed and approved by someone other than the person who prepared the reconciliation and (D) contain explanations for reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X Investor Remittances and Reporting 1122(d)(3)(i) Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the SEC, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable SEC requirements. Specifically, such reports (A) are prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements (B) provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements (C) are filed with the SEC as required by its rules and regulations and (D) agree with investors or the trustee s records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of pool assets serviced by the servicer. X 1122(d)(3)(ii) Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. X (1) 

1122(d)(3)(iii) Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two business days to the servicer s investor records, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(3)(iv) Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. X Pool Asset Administration 1122(d)(4)(i) Collateral or security on pool assets is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related pool asset documents. X 1122(d)(4)(ii) Pool assets and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(iii) Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(iv) Payments on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related pool asset documents are posted to the servicer s obligor records maintained no more than two business days after receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related pool asset agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(v) The servicer s records regarding the pool assets agree with the servicer s records with respect to an obligor s unpaid principal balance. X 1122(d)(4)(vi) Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligor s pool assets (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset documents. X 1122(d)(4)(vii) Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions, as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with the timeframes or other requirements established by the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(viii) Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a pool asset is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the entity s activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets, including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment). X 1122(d)(4)(ix) Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the related pool asset documents. X 1122(d)(4)(x) Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts) (A) such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligor s pool asset documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements (B) interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable pool asset documents and state laws and (C) such funds are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar days of full repayment of the related pool assets, or such Other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xi) Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such support has been received by the servicer at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xii) Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the servicer s funds and not charged to the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the obligor s error or omission. X 1122(d)(4)(xiii) Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the obligor s records maintained by the servicer, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xiv) Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xv) Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in the transaction agreements. X 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Although the related servicing agreement did not indicate this criteria as applicable, the Servicer determined, based on the activities it performs with respect to the Platform taken as a whole, that the criteria is applicable. 
 3. To the best of the undersigned's knowledge, based on such review, the Servicer is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable servicing criteria set forth above as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 4. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on the Servicer's assessment of compliance with the applicable servicing criteria as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have their respective meanings as set forth in the related servicing agreement. 

DTE ELECTRIC COMPANY (as Servicer) By S TRACY J. MYRICK Tracy J. Myrick Chief Accounting Officer 
 Date March 20, 2024 

APPENDIX A 
 Asset-Backed Securities Transactions in the Platform 
 DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC, Series 2022A, issued March 17, 2022 
 DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC, Series 2023A, issued November 1, 2023 

</EX-33.1>

<EX-33.2>
 4
 a20231231ex332-securitizat.htm
 ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE (TRUSTEE)

Document 

Exhibit 33.2 
 Management's Assertion 
 
 Report on Assessment of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria 
 
 Management of U.S. Bank National Association and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (collectively U.S. Bank is responsible for assessing compliance as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122 (d) of Regulation AB applicable to it as set forth on Exhibit A hereto. This report covers asset backed securities transactions within the U.S. Bank Corporate Trust Asset-Backed Securities Platform 1 (the Platform 
 U.S. Bank hereby provides the following report on its assessment of compliance with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122 of Regulation AB applicable to it and as described on Exhibit A hereto 
 1. U.S. Bank is responsible for assessing its compliance with the servicing criteria applicable to it as noted on the accompanying Exhibit A 
 2. Except as set forth in paragraph 3 below, U.S. Bank used the criteria set forth in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB to assess its compliance with the applicable servicing criteria 
 3. The criteria listed in the column titled Inapplicable Servicing Criteria on Exhibit A hereto are inapplicable to U.S. Bank based on the servicing activities it performs directly with respect to the Platform 
 4. U.S. Bank has complied, in all material respects, with the applicable servicing criteria as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 
 5. Ernst & Young, LLP, a registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on U.S. Bank's assessment of compliance with the applicable servicing criteria as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

_______________________________________ 
 1 The U.S. Bank Corporate Trust Asset-Backed Securities Platform (the Platform consists of the activities involved in the performance of servicing functions for which the Company provides trustee, securities administration, registrar, paying agent and document custody services for (i) publicly issued asset-backed and mortgage-backed transactions the securities of which were offered on or after January 1, 2006 and (ii) certain asset-backed transactions for which the Issuer has voluntarily elected to make Regulation AB compliant filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION s Jeff Kerr Jeff Kerr Executive Vice President U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION s Jeff Kerr Jeff Kerr Executive Vice President 
 
 Date February 27, 2024 

EXHIBIT A to Management's Assertion 
 Reference Servicing Criteria Applicable Servicing Criteria Inapplicable Servicing Criteria General Servicing Considerations 1122(d)(1)(i) Policies and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(1)(ii) If any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third party s performance and compliance with such servicing activities. X 2 
 1122(d)(1)(iii) Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for the pool assets are maintained. X 1122(d)(1)(iv) A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(1)(v) Aggregation of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the information conveyed accurately reflects the information. X 3 
 Cash Collection and Administration 1122(d)(2)(i) Payments on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business days of receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(2)(ii) Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. X 1122(d)(2)(iii) Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements. X 4 
 1122(d)(2)(iv) The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of over collateralization, are separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set forth in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(2)(v) Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, federally insured depository institution with respect to a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of Rule 240 13k-1(b)(1) of this chapter. X 1122(d)(2)(vi) Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. X 1122(d)(2)(vii) Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations (A) Are mathematically accurate (B) Are prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements (C) Are reviewed and approved by someone other than the person who prepared the reconciliation and (D) Contain explanations for reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X Investor Remittances and Reporting 1122(d)(3)(i) Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports (A) Are prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements (B) Provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements (C) Are filed with the Commission as required by its rules and regulations and (D) Agree with investors or the trustee s records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of pool assets serviced by the Servicer. X 1122(d)(3)(ii) Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(3)(iii) Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two business days to the Servicer s investor records, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(3)(iv) Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. X 

Pool Asset Administration 1122(d)(4)(i) Collateral or security on pool assets is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related pool asset documents. X 1122(d)(4)(ii) Pool asset and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(iii) Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(iv) Payments on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related pool asset documents are posted to the applicable Servicer s obligor records maintained no more than two business days after receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related pool asset documents. X 1122(d)(4)(v) The Servicer s records regarding the pool assets agree with the Servicer s records with respect to an obligor s unpaid principal balance. X 1122(d)(4)(vi) Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligor s pool assets (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset documents. X 1122(d)(4)(vii) Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions, as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with the timeframes or other requirements established by the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(viii) Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a pool asset is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the entity s activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets, including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment). X 1122(d)(4)(ix) Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the related pool asset documents. X 1122(d)(4)(x) Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts) (A) Such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligor s pool asset documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements (B) Interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable pool asset documents and state laws and (C) Such funds are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar days of full repayment of the related pool asset, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xi) Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such support has been received by the servicer at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xii) Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the Servicer s funds and not charged to the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the obligor s error or omission. X 1122(d)(4)(xiii) Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the obligor s records maintained by the servicer, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xiv) Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xv) Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of this Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in the transaction agreements. X 
 _______________________________________ 
 2 No servicing activities were performed by the Company that required the servicing criteria to be complied with. 
 3 No servicing activities were performed by the Company that required the servicing criteria to be complied with. 
 4 No servicing activities were performed by the Company that required the servicing criteria to be complied with. 

</EX-33.2>

<EX-34.1>
 5
 a20231231ex341-securitizat.htm
 ATTESTATION REPORT (ON BEHALF OF SERVICER)

Document 

Exhibit 34.1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Management of DTE Electric Company 
 We have examined management's assertion, included in the accompanying Report On Assessment Of Compliance With Servicing Criteria For Asset-Backed Issuers, that DTE Electric Company (the Company complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of the Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation AB for all publicly issued (i.e., registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) securities secured by an intangible property right to charge, collect, and receive amounts necessary to provide for the full recovery of the specified costs determined to be recoverable (and assures that the charges are non-bypassable and will be paid by customers within the utility s historic service territory who receive utility goods or services through the utility s transmission and distribution system, even if those customers elect to purchase these goods or services from a third party), issued on or after January 1, 2006 for which the Company provides applicable services (the Platform ), as of December 31, 2023 and for the year then ended, excluding criteria 1122(d)(1)(ii), 1122(d)(1)(iii), 1122(d)(1)(iv), 1122(d)(2)(vi), 1122(d)(4)(iii), 1122(d)(4)(v), 1122(d)(4)(ix), 1122(d)(4)(x), 1122(d)(4)(xi), 1122(d)(4)(xii), 1122(d)(4)(xiii) and 1122(d)(4)(xv), which the Company has determined are not applicable to the servicing activities performed by it with respect to the Platform. Appendix A to management s assertion identifies the individual asset-backed transactions and securities defined by management as constituting the Platform. DTE Electric Company s management is responsible for its assertion and for the Company's compliance with the applicable servicing criteria. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management's assertion about the Company's compliance with the applicable servicing criteria based on our examination. 
 Our examination was conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Those standards require that we plan and perform the examination to obtain reasonable assurance about whether management's assertion about compliance with the applicable servicing criteria is fairly stated, in all material respects, and, accordingly, included examining, on a test basis, evidence about the Company s compliance with the applicable servicing criteria and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. Our examination included testing of selected asset-backed transactions and securities that comprise the Platform, testing of selected servicing activities related to the Platform, and determining whether the Company processed those selected transactions and performed those selected activities in compliance with the applicable servicing criteria. Our procedures were limited to the selected transactions and servicing activities performed by the Company during the period covered by this report. Our procedures were not designed to detect noncompliance arising from errors that may have occurred prior to or subsequent to our tests that may have affected the balances or amounts calculated or reported by the Company during the period covered by this report. We believe that our examination provides, and that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide, a reasonable basis for our opinion. Our examination does not provide a legal determination on the Company s compliance with the servicing criteria. 
 We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with relevant ethical requirements related to the engagement. 
 In our opinion, management's assertion that DTE Electric Company complied with the aforementioned applicable servicing criteria as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 for the Platform is fairly stated, in all material respects. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 20, 2024 

</EX-34.1>

<EX-34.2>
 6
 a20231231ex342-securitizat.htm
 ATTESTATION REPORT (ON BEHALF OF TRUSTEE)

Document 

Exhibit 34.2 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Board of Directors 
 U.S. Bank National Association and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 
 We have examined management s assertion, included in the accompanying Report on Assessment of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria, that U.S. Bank National Association and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (collectively, the Company complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of the Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation AB for the U.S. Bank Corporate Trust Asset-Backed Securities Platform (the Platform ), for which the Company provides trustee, securities administration, registrar, paying agent and document custody services, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, except for servicing criteria Items 1122(d)(1)(iii) and 1122(d)(4)(iv)-(xiv), which the Company has determined are not applicable to the activities it performs with respect to the servicing platform covered by this report. Management is responsible for the Company s compliance with those servicing criteria. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management s assertion about the Company s compliance with the servicing criteria based on our examination. 
 Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and, accordingly, included examining, on a test basis, evidence about the Company s compliance with the applicable servicing criteria and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. Our examination included testing of less than all of the individual asset-backed transactions and securities that comprise the Platform, testing of less than all of the servicing activities related to the Platform, and determining whether the Company processed those selected transactions and performed those selected activities in compliance with the servicing criteria. Furthermore, our procedures were limited to the selected transactions and servicing activities performed by the Company during the period covered by this report. Our procedures were not designed to determine whether errors may have occurred either prior to or subsequent to our tests that may have affected the balances or amounts calculated or reported by the Company during the period covered by this report for the selected transactions or any other transactions. Although the Company is responsible for assessing compliance with Items 1122(d)(1)(ii), 1122(d)(1)(v), and 1122(d)(2)(iii) of Regulation AB, there were no servicing activities performed by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2023 that required these servicing criteria to be complied with. We believe that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements related to our examination engagement. 
 Our examination does not provide a legal determination on the Company's compliance with the servicing criteria. 
 In our opinion, management s assertion that the Company complied with the aforementioned servicing criteria as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, for the U.S. Bank Corporate Trust Asset-Backed Securities Platform is fairly stated, in all material respects. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 February 27, 2024 

</EX-34.2>

<EX-35.1>
 7
 a20231231ex351-securitizat.htm
 SERVICER COMPLIANCE STATEMENT

Document 

Exhibit 35.1 
 DTE Electric Company 
 
 Annual Certificate of Compliance 
 Under the Servicing Agreement, 
 dated as of November 1, 2023 
 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that the undersigned is the duly elected and acting Chief Accounting Officer of DTE Electric Company, as servicer (the Servicer under the Securitization Property Servicing Agreement dated as of November 1, 2023 (the Servicing Agreement by and between the Servicer and DTE Electric Securitization Funding II LLC, and further certifies that 
 1. A review of the activities of the Servicer and of its performance under the Servicing Agreement during the year ended December 31, 2023 has been made under the supervision of the undersigned pursuant to Section 3.03 of the Servicing Agreement. 
 2. To the undersigned's knowledge, based on such review, the Servicer has fulfilled all of its obligations in all material respects under the Servicing Agreement throughout the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 DTE ELECTRIC COMPANY (as Servicer) By S TRACY J. MYRICK Tracy J. Myrick Chief Accounting Officer 
 Date March 20, 2024 

</EX-35.1>

