<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240308_10-K_edgar_data_1693687_0001640334-24-000368.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2081322</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>63080</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>431383</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>499453</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>425445</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>615865</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-24-000368.hdr.sgml : 20240308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240308130111
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-24-000368
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GREENLIT VENTURES INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001693687
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				814679061
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55738
		FILM NUMBER:		24733357

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		717 FULIN HOTEL
		STREET 2:		1805 HEPING ROAD
		CITY:			LUOHU, SHENZHEN
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			518000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1 778 888 2886

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		717 FULIN HOTEL
		STREET 2:		1805 HEPING ROAD
		CITY:			LUOHU, SHENZHEN
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			518000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MS YOUNG ADVENTURE ENTERPRISE, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190826

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AllyMe Holding Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171124

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rain Sound Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-24-000368.txt : 20240308

10-K
 1
 msyn_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

msyn_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(D) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended Transition Report Under Section 13 or 15(D) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from _______________ to _______________ Commission File Number: (Exact name of small Business Issuer as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction (IRS Employer of incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Issuer s telephone number, including area code: ) n/a Former address if changed since last report Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on which registered n/a Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Check if there is no disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K contained in this form, and no disclosure will be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). The aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2023, was based on a 6.8707 average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date. shares of common stock as of February 26, 2024 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS 4 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 6 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 6 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 6 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 6 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 6 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 7 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 7 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 7 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 11 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA F-1 ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 12 ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 12 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 13 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 14 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 15 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 15 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 15 ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 16 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 17 SIGNATURES 18 2 Table of Contents FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report ), including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding future events and the future results of Greenlit Ventures Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries (the Company that are based on management s current expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions about the Company s business. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, sees, estimates and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including, but not limited to, those discussed in, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 and elsewhere in this Report as well as those discussed from time to time in the Company s other Securities and Exchange Commission filings and reports. In addition, such statements could be affected by general industry and market conditions. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Report or, in the case of any document incorporated by reference, the date of that document, and we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Report. If we update or correct one or more forward-looking statements, investors and others should not conclude that we will make additional updates or corrections with respect to other forward-looking statements. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Background Corporate History and General Information Greenlit Ventures Inc. (formerly MS Young Adventure Enterprise, Inc , AllyMe Holding Inc, and Rain Sound Acquisition Corporation (the Company or Greenlit was incorporated on December 7, 2016 under the laws of the state of Delaware. The Company engages in consulting services. On November 13, 2017, the Company changed of the Company s name to AllyMe Holding Inc. On August 6, 2019, the Company changed the Company s name to MS Young Adventure Enterprise, Inc. On February 1, 2024, the Company changed the Company s name to Greenlit Ventures Inc. and the Company trading symbol changed to MSYND . In May 2018, the Company implemented a change in control by electing a new officer and director and accepting the resignations of its then existing officer and director and whereby the then majority shareholder of the Company, Zilin Wang, sold his common stock shares in the Company to Chunxia Jiang. On March 10, 2021, Chunxia Jiang entered into a stock purchase agreement for the sale of 6,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company to Pearl Digital International Limited, an accredited investor, and resigned from all executive officer positions with the Company, including Chief Executive Officer and President, and as a member of the Board. Simultaneously, Mr. Fu Yong Nan was appointed as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and sole Director. Business The Company is a marketing and management consulting company that provides advisory services to companies located in Asia for the purpose of facilitating the competitiveness of those companies in the international market. The Company offers a wide assortment of advisory services, ranging from business planning consulting services, mergers and acquisitions advising, and marketing services. On November 2, 2021, Greenlit reported that it has entered the encryption industry with the beta launch of Forceshield Mail, a fully-featured secure e-mail service. ForceShield Mail (www.forceshieldmail.com) employs modern end-to-end encryption methods to ensure the privacy of users electronic communications, with an emphasis on accessibility and ease of use. The Company hopes to fill the growing demand for services that address the increasing need for Digital Privacy by developing and providing a suite of robust, easy-to-use solutions that will safeguard consumers private information. On November 22, 2021, Greenlit also announced the beta launch of ForceShield VPN, a state-of-the-art encrypted VPN service that seeks to achieve synergy with the Company s prior product, ForceShield Mail, to provide users with robust protection against privacy intrusions and other cyber-related crimes. 4 Table of Contents Risks and Uncertainties facing the Company As an early-stage company, the Company expects to experience losses in the near term. The Company needs to generate revenue or locate additional financing in order to continue its developmental plans. There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to identify sufficient numbers of customers to generate enough revenues to continue operations. One of the biggest challenges facing the Company will be in securing adequate capital to fund to keep operation, including securing adequate capital to pay for operations and hiring service providers. Secondarily, a major challenge will be implementing effective sales and marketing strategies to reach the intended end customers. The Company has considered and devised its initial sales, marketing and advertising strategy; however, the Company will need to skillfully implement this strategy in order to achieve success in its business. In December 2019, an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) originated in Wuhan, China, and has since spread to a number of other countries, including the United States. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic. In addition, as of the time of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, several states in the United States have declared states of emergency, and several countries around the world, including the United States and China, have taken steps to restrict travel. The existence of a worldwide pandemic, the fear associated with COVID-19, or any, pandemic, and the reactions of governments in response to COVID-19, or any, pandemic, to regulate the flow of labor and products and impede the travel of personnel, may impact our ability to conduct normal business operations, which could adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity. Global health concerns, such as COVID-19, could also result in social, economic, and labor instability in the markets in which we operate. Any of these uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Competition Greenlit Ventures Inc. is a marketing and management consulting company that provides advisory services to companies located in Asia for the purpose of facilitating the competitiveness of those companies in the international market. Greenlit offers a wide assortment of advisory services, ranging business planning consulting services, mergers and acquisitions advising, and marketing services. Greenlit intends to play a pivotal role in standardizing and improving the marketing and operations of a diverse portfolio firms as a means to enable such firms to comply with the prevailing norms of the international market and gain market acceptance. The management consulting industry is highly competitive. We compete with other numerous other firms, including larger regional, national and international firms that may have financial, operational, technical and marketing resources that exceed our own. These firms include, but are not limited to, firms such as Morgan Stanley, Wells Fargo Company, Bank of America Corporation and Ameriprise Financial Inc. Competitive factors include the level of technical expertise and experience, industry reputation, quality of work, price, geographic presence, dependability, availability of skilled personnel and financial stability. Our management believes that we compete favorably with our competitors on the basis of these factors. There can be no assurance that our competitors will not develop the expertise, experience and resources to provide services that are superior in both price and quality to our services, or that we will be able to maintain or enhance our competitive position. 5 Table of Contents The Company also entered the encryption industry with its products Forceshield Mail, a fully-featured secure email service and ForceShield VPN, a state-of-the-art encrypted VPN service. The e-mail encryption industry is a highly-competitive one. The major players in this industry include Trend Micro, Cisco, Sophos, Zoho Mail and BAE Systems. We are in competition with these firms, as well as numerous others that may have financial, operational, technical and marketing resources that exceed our own. Competitive factors include the level of technical expertise and experience, industry reputation, quality and level of services provided, price, geographic presence, dependability, and level of customer support. Our management believes that we compete favorably with our competitors on the basis of these factors. There can be no assurance that our competitors will not develop the expertise, experience and resources to provide services that are superior in both price and quality to our services, or that we will be able to maintain or enhance our competitive position. Employees As of February 26, 2024, the Company has one employee, Fu Yong Nan, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. As of December 31, 2023, the Company did not own or lease any properties. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time, we may become involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. We are not involved in any pending legal proceeding or litigation and, to the best of our knowledge, no governmental authority is contemplating any proceeding to which we are a party and which would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on our Company. To date, our Company has never been involved in litigation, as either a party or a witness, nor has our Company been involved in any legal proceedings commenced by any regulatory agency against our Company. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 6 Table of Contents PART II. ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY; RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market for Registrant s Common Equity There is currently no public market for the Company s securities. At such time as it qualifies, the Company may choose to apply for quotation of its securities on one of the OTC markets. At this time there is no liquidity for the Company s common shares. Holders As of February 26, 2024, we have issued an aggregate of 229,579 shares of our common stock to three (3) record holders. Dividends We have not paid any dividends to date and have no plans to do so in the immediate future. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None Purchases of Equity Securities The Company has never purchased nor does it own any equity securities of any other issuer. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain certain forward-looking statements. Historical results may not indicate future performance. Our forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events; are based on assumptions and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Factors that may cause differences between actual results and those contemplated by forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed herein. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, including any changes that might result from any facts, events, or circumstances after the date hereof that may bear upon forward-looking statements. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee future results, events, levels of activity, performance, or achievements 7 Table of Contents Basis of Presentation The accompanying financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Forward-Looking Statements Statements in this management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contain certain forward-looking statements. To the extent that such statements are not recitations of historical fact, such statements constitute forward looking statements which, by definition, involve risks and uncertainties. Where in any forward-looking statements, if we express an expectation or belief as to future results or events, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the statement of expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. Factors that may cause differences between actual results and those contemplated by forward-looking statements and are not limited to the following: the unprecedented impact of COVID-19 pandemic on our business, customers, employees, subcontractors, consultants, service providers, stockholders, investors and other stakeholders; general market and economic conditions; our ability to acquire customers; our ability to meet the volume and service requirements of our customers; industry consolidation, including acquisitions by us or our competitors; success in developing new products; timing of our new product introductions; new product introductions by competitors; the ability of competitors to more fully leverage low-cost geographies for manufacturing or distribution; product pricing, including the impact of currency exchange rates; effectiveness of sales and marketing resources and strategies; adequate manufacturing capacity and supply of components and materials; strategic relationships with suppliers; product quality and performance; protection of our products and brand by effective use of intellectual property laws; the financial strength of our competitors; the outcome of any future litigation or commercial dispute; barriers to entry imposed by competitors with significant market power in new markets; and government actions throughout the world. You should not rely on forward-looking statements in this document. This management s discussion contains forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. We use words such as anticipates, believes, plans, expects, future, intends, and similar expressions to identify these forward-looking statements. Prospective investors should not place undue reliance on these statements, which apply only as of the date of this document. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 8 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The following discussions are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Going Concern Considerations The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, which contemplate continuation of our Company as a going concern. We currently have no revenues, have incurred net losses, and have an accumulated deficit of 495,673 as of December 31, 2023. The continuation of our Company as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise equity or debt financing, and the attainment of profitable operations from our encryption services. There are no assurances that we will be successful in obtaining sufficient capital to continue as a going concern. If our working capital needs are not met and we are unable to obtain adequate capital, we could be forced to cease operations. Use of Estimates and Assumptions The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Recently Issued Accounting Standards The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position and result of operations. Trends and Uncertainties Demand for our products is dependent on general economic conditions, which are cyclical in nature. Because a major portion of our activities are the receipt of revenues from our services and products, our business operations may be adversely affected by competitors and prolonged recessionary periods. There are no other known trends, events or uncertainties that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a material impact on our short-term or long-term liquidity. Sources of liquidity will come from the sale of our products and services. There are no material commitments for capital expenditure at this time. There are no trends, events or uncertainties that have had or are reasonably expected to have a material impact on the net sales or revenues or income from continuing operations. There are no significant elements of income or loss that do not arise from the registrant s continuing operations. There are no other known causes for any material changes from period to period in one or more line items of our financial statements. Impact of COVID-19 During the year 2020, the effects of a new coronavirus COVID-19 and related actions to attempt to control its spread began to impact our business. The impact of COVID-19 on our operating results for the year ended December 31, 2023 was limited, in all material respects, due to the government mandated numerous measures, including closures of businesses, limitations on movements of individuals and goods, and the imposition of other restrictive measures, in its efforts to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 within the country. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization designated COVID-19 as a global pandemic. Governments around the world have mandated, and continue to introduce, orders to slow the transmission of the virus, including but not limited to shelter-in-place orders, quarantines, significant restrictions on travel, as well as work restrictions that prohibit many employees from going to work. Uncertainty with respect to the economic effects of the pandemic has introduced significant volatility in the financial markets. 9 Table of Contents Results of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2023 compared to December 31, 2022 The following table summarizes the results of our operations during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and provides information regarding the dollar and percentage increase or (decrease) from the current 12-month period to the prior 12-month period: Year Ended December 31, Changes 2023 2022 Amount Operating Expenses (57,272 (54,044 (3,228 6 Other Income (Expense) (6,317 (1,408 (4,909 349 Net Loss (63,589 (55,452 (8,137 15 The Company incurred net loss of 63,589 during the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to 55,452 during the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in net loss was due to the decrease in operating expense. We recognized no revenues for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. Operating expenses increased from 54,044 during the year ended December 31, 2022 to 57,272 during the year ended December 31, 2023 due to the increase in professional fees. Liquidity and Capital Resources Working Capital As of As of December 31, December 31, Changes 2023 2022 Amount Current Assets - - - - Current Liabilities 13,631 90,514 (76,883 (85 Working Capital Deficiency (13,631 (90,514 76,883 (85 As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, our Company had no cash and assets. Our current liabilities decreased from 90,514 as of December 31, 2022 to 13,631 as of December 31, 2023 mainly due to the decrease in promissory note payable for payment made to vendors for operation expenses on behalf of the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company replaced the promissory notes (current liabilities) held by a non-affiliate with convertible notes (non-current liabilities) at aggregate principal amount of 119,526. 10 Table of Contents As at December 31, 2023, our Company had a working capital deficiency of 13,631 compared with a working capital deficiency of 90,514 as at December 31, 2022. The decreasein working capital deficit was primarily due to a decrease in promissory note payable. Cash Flows Year Ended December 31, Changes 2023 2022 Amount Cash flows used in operating activities - - - - Net changes in cash - - - - Cash Flow from Operating Activities We have not generated positive cash flow from operating activities. During the year ended December 31, 2023, net cash used in operating activities was 0 compared to 0 used during the year ended December 31, 2022. Cash flows used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2023, comprised of a net loss of 63,589, which was reduced by an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 57,273 and an increase in accrued interest of 6,316. Cash flows used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, comprised of a net loss of 55,452, which was reduced by an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 54,043 and an increase in accrued interest of 1,409. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to an investor in our securities. Seasonality Our operating results are not affected by seasonality. Inflation Our business and operating results are not affected in any material way by inflation. Critical Accounting Policies The Securities and Exchange Commission issued Financial Reporting Release No. 60, Cautionary Advice Regarding Disclosure About Critical Accounting Policies suggesting that companies provide additional disclosure and commentary on their most critical accounting policies. In Financial Reporting Release No. 60, the Securities and Exchange Commission has defined the most critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of a company s financial condition and operating results and require management to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. The nature of our business generally does not call for the preparation or use of estimates. I TEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide information required by this Item. 11 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA GREENLIT VENTURES INC. (Formerly MS YOUNG ADVENTURE ENTERPRISE, INC.) AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID: F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to the Financial Statements F-7 F-1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the shareholders and the board of directors of Greenlit Ventures, Inc. (Formerly MS Young Adventure Enterprise, Inc.) Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Greenlit Ventures, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s minimal activities raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ BF Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID 5041) We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021 March 4, 2024 F-2 GREENLIT VENTURES INC. (Formerly MS YOUNG ADVENTURE ENTERPRISE, INC.) Balance Sheets December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 ASSETS Current Assets Total Current Assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued interest Promissory note payable Total Current Liabilities Convertible note payable, net of debt discount Total Liabilities Stockholders Deficit Preferred stock, par value ; shares authorized, none shares issued and outstanding Common stock, par value ; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders Deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements F-3 Table of Contents GREENLIT VENTURES INC. (Formerly MS YOUNG ADVENTURE ENTERPRISE, INC.) Statements of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 OPERATING EXPENSES General and administrative expenses Software development Total Operating Expenses Loss from operations OTHER EXPENSE Interest expense Other expense Loss before income taxes Provision for income taxes NET LOSS NET LOSS PER SHARE: BASIC AND DILUTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING: BASIC AND DILUTED The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements F-4 Table of Contents GREENLIT VENTURES INC. (Formerly MS YOUNG ADVENTURE ENTERPRISE, INC.) Statements of Stockholders Deficit For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 Additional Total Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders' Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance - December 31, 2021 Net loss - Balance - December 31, 2022 Net loss - Balance - December 31, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements F-5 Table of Contents GREENLIT VENTURES INC. (Formerly MS YOUNG ADVENTURE ENTERPRISE, INC.) Statements of Cash Flows Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued interest Net cash used in operating activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents - end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental Disclosures of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities Replacement of promissory notes by convertible notes Operating expenses paid by unaffiliated parties The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements F-6 Table of Contents GREENLIT VENTURES INC. (Formerly MS YOUNG ADVENTURE ENTERPRISE, INC.) Notes to the Audited Financial Statements December 31, 2023 BASIS OF PRESENTATION USE OF ESTIMATES F-7 Table of Contents CONVERTIBLE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS INCOME TAXES F-8 Table of Contents - RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS through the year ended December 31, 2023. These factors among others raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to meet its obligations and/or obtaining additional financing from its members or other sources, as may be required. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Management believes that the current actions to obtain additional funding and implement its strategic plans provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. There are no assurances that additional funds will be available when needed from any source or, if available, will be available on terms that are acceptable to us. Promissory Notes - December 2021 Promissory Note - March 2022 Promissory Note - June 2022 Promissory Note - September 2022 Promissory Note - December 2022 Promissory Note - March 2023 Promissory Note - June 2023 Less: replaced by convertible notes Current portion F-9 Table of Contents and to an unaffiliated party for payment for operation expenses on behalf of the Company, respectively. The notes bear an interest of per annum and mature on . During the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the interest expense of and was incurred, respectively. On July 9, 2023, the promissory notes with aggregate principal amount of were replaced by convertible promissory notes. (Note 4) Convertible Note - September 2023 Convertible Note - December 2023 Less: Non-current portion Current portion On July 9, 2023, the Company replaced the promissory notes held by a non-affiliate with convertible notes at aggregate principal amount of . The convertible notes bear interest at per annum, have a maturity date of and are convertible at per share for the Company common stock. On September 30, 2023, the Company issued a convertible note of to an unaffiliated party for payment of operating expenses on behalf of the Company. The convertible notes bear interest at per annum, have a maturity date of and are convertible at per share for the Company common stock. On December 31, 2023, the Company issued a convertible note of to an unaffiliated party for payment of operating expenses on behalf of the Company. The convertible notes bear interest at per annum, have a maturity date of and are convertible at per share for the Company common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the interest expense was and , respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the convertible notes payable was and accrued interest payable was . F-10 Table of Contents Statutory tax rate Deferred tax asset Less: Valuation allowance Net deferred asset As of December 31, 2023 the Company had approximately in net operating losses NOLs that may be available to offset future taxable income. NOLs generated in tax years prior to December 31, 2017 can be carryforward for twenty years, whereas NOLs generated after December 31, 2017 can be carryforward indefinitely. In accordance with Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, the usage of the Company s net operating loss carry forwards is subject to annual limitations following greater than 50 ownership changes. Tax returns for the years ended 2016 through 2023 are subject to review by the tax authorities. shares of common stock with par value of and shares of preferred stock with par value of . As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, there were no preferred stock issued and outstanding. As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding. F-11 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedure include, without limitations, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In accordance with Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15, an evaluation was completed by the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on that evaluation, the Company s sole officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in providing reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 12 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2023, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on that evaluation, they concluded that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were not effective to detect the inappropriate application of US GAAP rules as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. The matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; and (3) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by our management in connection with the review of our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023. Management believes that the material weaknesses set forth in items (2) and (3) above did not have an effect on our financial results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and the lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only the management s report in this annual report. Management s Remediation Initiatives Given the financial resources available to the Company, the Company is not in a position to institute any realistic remediation of the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls. As such time as the Company commences operations and has no financial resources to address and eliminate the identified weaknesses, we intend to take action to do so. Unfortunately, until the Company has such financial resources, the identified weaknesses will continue to exist. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting . During the last quarter of the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls . A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within a company have been detected. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None 13 Table of Contents PART III. ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Set forth below is the name of our sole director and executive officer and all positions and offices that he held with us, the period during which he has served as such, and his business experience during at least the last five years. Name Positions Held Fu Yong Nan Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and Sole Director since March 10, 2021 Fu Yong Nan. Fu Yong Nan has been the Senior Vice-President Finance of Guangxi Sanhuan Enterprise Group Holding Co., Ltd. since June 2013. Mr. Fu earned a Bachelor of Science in Financial Management from Guangxi University of Science and Technology in 1990, and a Master s Degree in Banking and Finance from Guangxi University in 1993. Fu Yong Nan devotes approximately 25 of his business time to the affairs of the Company. The time Mr. Fu Yong Nan spends on the business affairs of the Company varies from week to week and is based upon the needs and requirements of the Company. Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert We do not currently have an audit committee financial expert, nor do we have an audit committee. Our entire board of directors, which currently consists of Mr. Fu Yong Nan, handles the functions that would otherwise be handled by an audit committee. We do not currently have the capital resources to pay director fees to a qualified independent expert who would be willing to serve on our board and who would be willing to act as an audit committee financial expert. As our business expands and as we appoint others to our board of directors, we expect that we will seek a qualified independent expert to become a member of our board of directors. Before retaining any such expert our board would make a determination as to whether such person is independent. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance. Section 16(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 requires the Company s officers and directors, and greater than 10 stockholders, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership of its securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of the reports are required by SEC regulation to be furnished to the Company. Based on management s review of these reports during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 all reports required to be filed were filed on a timely basis. Code of Ethics Our board of directors has adopted a code of ethics that our officers, directors and any person who may perform similar functions are subject to. Currently Mr. Fu Yong Nan is our only officer and our sole director, therefore, he is the only person subject to the Code of Ethics. If we retain additional officers in the future to act as our principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller or persons serving similar functions, they would become subject to the Code of Ethics. The Code of Ethics does not indicate the consequences of a breach of the code. If there is a breach, the board of directors would review the facts and circumstances surrounding the breach and take action that it deems appropriate, which action may include dismissal of the employee who breached the code. Currently, since Mr. Fu Yong Nan serves as the sole director and sole officer, he is responsible for reviewing his own conduct under the Code of Ethics and determining what action to take in the event of his own breach of the Code of Ethics. 14 Table of Contents ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. No past officer or director of the Company has received any compensation and none is due or payable. Our sole current officer and director, Fu Yong Nan, does not receive any compensation for the services he renders to the Company, has not received compensation in the past, and is not accruing any compensation pursuant to any agreement with the Company. We currently have no formal written salary arrangement with our sole officer. Mr. Fu Yong Nan may receive a salary or other compensation for services that he provides to the Company in the future. No retirement, pension, profit sharing, stock option or insurance programs or other similar programs have been adopted by the Company for the benefit of the Company s employees. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth certain information concerning the number of shares of our common stock owned beneficially as of February 26, 2024 by: (i) each person (including any group) known to us to own more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, (ii) members of our Board of Directors, and or (iii) our executive officers. Unless otherwise indicated, the stockholder listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. Name Number of Shares Beneficially Owned(1) Percent of Outstanding Shares(1) Pearl Digital International Limited 205,556 89.54 717 Fulin Hotel, 1805 Heping Road, Luohu, Shenzhen, China 518000 Officers and directors as a group (one person) 205,556 89.54 (1) Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding on February 26, 2024. As of February 26, 2024, there were 229,579 shares of our Company s common stock issued and outstanding. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE No director, executive officer, shareholder holding at least 5 of shares of our common stock, or any family member thereof, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction, or proposed transaction since the year ended December 31, 2023, in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at the year-end for the last three completed fiscal years. 15 Table of Contents Director Independence As of December 31, 2023, Fu Yong Nan was the sole director of the Company. Mr. Fu Yong Nan is not considered independent in accordance with rule 4200(a)(15) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. We are not currently traded on NASDAQ and are therefore not required to comply with the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. The aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: Fee Category Year Ended December 31, 2023 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Audit Fees 38,500 23,140 Audit-Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - - Total Fees 38,500 23,140 Audit committee policies procedures We do not currently have a standing audit committee. The above services were approved by our Board of Directors. 16 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (a) Financial Statements (1) Financial statements for our Company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document. (2) All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. (b) Exhibits Exhibit No. Identification of Exhibit 31.1. Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2. Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Officers pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 17 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Greenlit Ventures Inc. (Registrant) By /s/ Fu Yong Nan Fu Yong Nan Director, CEO, CFO, and Secretary Date: March 8, 2024 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following person on behalf of the registrant and in the capacity and on the date indicated. By /s/ Fu Yong Nan Fu Yong Nan Director, CEO, CFO, and Secretary Date: March 8, 2024 18 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 msyn_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 msyn_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Fu Yong Nan, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Greenlit Ventures Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 8, 2024 /s/ Fu Yong Nan Fu Yong Nan Director, CEO, CFO, and Secretary 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 msyn_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 msyn_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 The undersigned, Fu Yong Nan, President, of Greenlit Ventures Inc., hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the annual report on Form 10-K of Greenlit Ventures Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Greenlit Ventures Inc. Dated: March 8, 2024 /s/ Fu Yong Nan Fu Yong Nan Director, CEO, CFO, and Secretary A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Greenlit Ventures Inc. and will be retained by Greenlit Ventures Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 msynd-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 msynd-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 msynd-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 msynd-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

