<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240311_10-K_edgar_data_1529628_0001529628-24-000060.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>67809436</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>752512</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>59367735</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3389633</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2095929</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1762182</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001529628-24-000060.hdr.sgml : 20240311
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240311164838
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001529628-24-000060
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		358
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240311
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240311

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Smart Sand, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001529628
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MINING, QUARRYING OF NONMETALLIC MINERALS (NO FUELS) [1400]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				452809926
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37936
		FILM NUMBER:		24738790

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		28420 HARDY TOLL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 130
		CITY:			SPRING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77373
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(281) 231-2660

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		28420 HARDY TOLL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 130
		CITY:			SPRING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77373

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001529628-24-000060.txt : 20240311

10-K
 1
 snd-20231231.htm
 10-K

snd-20231231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 __________________________________________________ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Annual Period Ended , 2023 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period from ___ to ___ 
 Commission file number 
 __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , 
 , 
 ) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Registrant s telephone number) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated Filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No x 
 As of June 30, 2023, the last business day of the registrant s second fiscal quarter of 2023, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the closing price of 1.64 per share, as reported on NASDAQ on that date. 
 Number of shares of common shares outstanding, par value 0.001 per share as of March 4, 2024 was . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PAGE PART I 
 ITEM 1 
 Business 
 8 
 ITEM 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 21 
 ITEM 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 
 ITEM 1C 
 Cybersecu rity 
 40 
 ITEM 2 
 Properties 
 41 
 ITEM 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 51 
 ITEM 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 51 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 53 
 ITEM 6 
 Reserved 
 54 
 ITEM 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 55 
 ITEM 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 71 
 ITEM 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 72 
 ITEM 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 101 
 ITEM 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 101 
 ITEM 9B 
 Other Information 
 101 
 ITEM 9C 
 Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 101 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 102 
 ITEM 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 102 
 ITEM 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 102 
 ITEM 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 102 
 ITEM 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 102 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 103 
 ITEM 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 105 
 SIGNATURES 
 106 

Certain Definitions 
 The following definitions apply throughout this annual report unless the context requires otherwise: We , Us , Company , Smart Sand or Our Smart Sand, Inc., a company organized under the laws of Delaware, and its subsidiaries. shares , stock The common stock of Smart Sand, Inc., nominal value 0.001 per share. ABL Credit Facility , ABL Credit Agreement , ABL Security Agreement The five-year senior secured asset-based lending credit facility (the ABL Credit Facility pursuant to: (i) an ABL Credit Agreement, dated December 13, 2019, between the Company, and Jefferies Finance LLC (the ABL Credit Agreement and (ii) a Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated December 13, 2019, between the Company and Jefferies Finance LLC, as agent (the Security Agreement ). Oakdale Equipment Financing , MLA The five-year Master Lease Agreement, dated December 13, 2019, between Nexseer Capital Nexseer and related lease schedules in connection therewith (collectively, the MLA ). The MLA is structured as a sale-leaseback of substantially all of the equipment at the Company s mining and processing facility located near Oakdale, Wisconsin. The Oakdale Equipment Financing is considered a lease under article 2A of the Uniform Commercial Code but is considered a financing arrangement (and not a lease) for accounting or financial reporting purposes. 
 Exchange Act The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Securities Act The Securities Act of 1933, as amended. FASB , ASU , ASC , GAAP Financial Accounting Standards Board, Accounting Standards Update, Accounting Standards Codification, Accounting Principles Generally Accepted in the United States, respectively. 
 
 3 

Disclaimer Regarding Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements may include words such as anticipate , estimate , expect , project , plan , intend , believe , may , will , should , can have , likely and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of the timing or nature of future operating or financial performance or other events. For example, all statements we make relating to our estimated and projected costs, expenditures, cash flows, growth rates and financial results, our plans and objectives for future operations, growth or initiatives, strategies or the expected outcome or impact of pending or threatened litigation are forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expected, including without limitation: 
 fluctuations in demand for frac sand; 
 the cyclical nature of our customers businesses; 
 operating risks that are beyond our control, such as changes in the price and availability of transportation, natural gas or electricity; unusual or unexpected geological formations or pressures; pit wall failures or rock falls; or unanticipated ground, grade or water conditions; 
 our dependence on our Oakdale mine and processing facility for a significant portion of our current sales; 
 decreased usage of rail terminals that we operate; 
 the level of activity in the oil and natural gas industries; 
 the development of either effective alternative proppants or new processes to replace hydraulic fracturing; 
 increased competition from new or existing sources of sand supply, including frac sand mines in locations located close to, or within, the oil and gas basins; 
 federal, state and local legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing and the potential for related regulatory action or litigation affecting our customers operations, including restrictions on oil and gas development and possible bans on hydraulic fracturing; 
 potential negative litigation outcomes; 
 scarcity of supplies necessary to run our business; 
 barriers to entry in the industrial sand market; 
 actions by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries or Russia; 
 our rights and ability to mine our properties and process sand and our renewal or receipt of the required permits and approvals from governmental authorities and other third parties; 
 our ability to successfully compete in the frac and industrial sand market; 
 loss of, or reduction in, business from our largest customers; 
 increasing costs or a lack of dependability or availability of transportation services and transload network access or infrastructure, including the potential impact of train derailments; 
 increases in the prices of, or interruptions in the supply of, natural gas, electricity, diesel fuel, propane, or any other energy sources; 
 loss of or diminished access to water; 
 our ability to successfully complete acquisitions or integrate acquired businesses; 
 our ability to fully protect our intellectual property rights; 
 4 

our ability to make capital expenditures to maintain, develop and increase our asset base and our ability to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms; 
 restrictions imposed by our indebtedness on our current and future operations; 
 border restrictions; 
 global pandemics; 
 contractual obligations that require us to deliver minimum amounts of frac sand or purchase minimum amounts of products or services; 
 the accuracy of our estimates of mineral reserves and resource deposits; 
 a shortage of skilled labor and rising costs in the frac sand mining and manufacturing industries; 
 our ability to attract and retain key personnel; 
 our ability to maintain satisfactory labor relations; 
 our ability to maintain effective quality control systems at our mining, processing and production facilities and rail terminals; 
 seasonal and severe weather conditions; 
 the results of political and civil unrest; 
 fluctuations in our sales and results of operations due to seasonality and other factors; 
 interruptions or failures in our information technology systems, including cyber-attacks; 
 the impact of international or domestic terrorism or an armed conflict, including the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East; 
 extensive and evolving environmental, mining, health and safety, licensing, reclamation and other regulation (and changes in their enforcement or interpretation); 
 silica-related health issues and corresponding litigation; 
 our ability to acquire, maintain or renew financial assurances related to the reclamation and restoration of mining property; and 
 other factors disclosed in Item I A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We derive many of our forward-looking statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based on many assumptions. While we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the effect of known or unknown factors, and it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. The risk factors summarized below could materially harm our business, operating results and/or financial condition, impair our future prospects and/or cause the price of our common stock to decline. These risks are discussed more fully under Item 1A, Risk Factors and Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Material risks that may affect our business, operating results and financial condition include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following: 
 our business and financial performance depend on the level of activity in the oil and natural gas industry; 
 a material portion of our revenues have been generated from sales with a limited number of customers; 
 we are exposed to the credit risk of our customers; 
 our proppant sales are subject to fluctuations in market pricing; 
 we face significant competition that may cause us to lose market share; 
 we may be required to make substantial capital expenditures to maintain and grow our asset base and we may not realize enough of a return on such capital expenditures to cover their costs; 
 5 

the inability to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms, or at all; 
 inaccuracies in estimates of volumes and qualities of our sand reserves could result in lower than expected sales and higher than expected cost of production; 
 if we are unable to make acquisitions on economically acceptable terms, our future growth could be limited; 
 restrictions in our ABL Credit Facility may limit our ability to capitalize on potential acquisitions and other business opportunities; 
 we face distribution and logistical challenges in our business; 
 we may be adversely affected by decreased demand for frac sand due to the development of effective alternative proppants or new processes to replace hydraulic fracturing; 
 an increase in the supply of frac sand having similar characteristics as the frac sand we produce could make it more difficult for us to renew or replace our existing contracts on favorable terms, or at all; 
 our long-term take-or-pay contracts may preclude us from taking advantage of increasing prices for frac sand or mitigating the effect of increased operational costs during the term of those contracts; 
 our operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions for which we may not be adequately insured; 
 our business relies significantly on railroads to deliver our products, and any delays in rail transportation could adversely impact our business. 
 increases in the price or a significant interruption in the supply of natural gas, electricity or any other energy sources, of which our production process consumes large amounts, could adversely impact our production costs; 
 increases in the price of diesel fuel could adversely affect our transportation costs; 
 a facility closure entails substantial costs, and if we close one of our facilities sooner than anticipated, our results of operations may be adversely affected; 
 our operations are dependent on our rights and ability to mine our properties and on our having renewed or received the required permits and approvals from governmental authorities and other third parties; 
 a shortage of skilled labor together with rising labor costs in the excavation industry, which may further increase operating costs; 
 our business may suffer if we lose, or are unable to attract and retain, key personnel; 
 failure to maintain effective quality control systems at our mining, processing and production facilities may negatively affect our ability to conduct business; 
 seasonal and severe weather conditions may reduce our ability to process and deliver our products; 
 our cash flow fluctuates on a seasonal basis, which may limit our ability to operate; 
 we do not own the land on which our transload facilities are located, which inherently limits our rights at those facilities; 
 a terrorist attack or armed conflict may affect our ability to conduct business; 
 diminished access to water may affect our ability to process sand; 
 we may be subject to interruptions or failures in our information technology systems, including cyber-attacks; 
 if we are unable to fully protect our intellectual property rights, we may suffer a loss in our competitive advantage; 
 we may be adversely affected by disputes regarding intellectual property rights of third parties; 
 6 

we currently rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain equipment and materials to build our SmartSystems, and our reliance on a limited number of suppliers for such equipment and materials exposes us to risks including price and timing of delivery; 
 unsatisfactory safety performance may negatively affect our customer relationships and cause us to fail to retain existing customers or attract new customers; 
 we may be subject to legal claims, such as personal injury and property damage; 
 a financial downturn could negatively affect us; 
 our future results will suffer if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations; 
 federal, state and local legislative and regulatory initiatives or mandates relating to hydraulic fracturing, such as oil and gas leasing moratoriums, and the potential for related litigation could result in increased costs, additional operating restrictions or delays for our customers, which could cause a decline in the demand for our frac sand or restrict our ability to maximize profits; 
 we and our customers are subject to extensive regulations, including environmental and occupational health and safety regulations, that impose, and will continue to impose, significant costs and liabilities, and future regulations, or more stringent enforcement of existing regulations, could increase those costs and liabilities; 
 we are subject to the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, which imposes stringent health and safety standards on numerous aspects of our operations; 
 our inability to acquire, maintain or renew financial assurances related to the reclamation and restoration of mining property may increase cash outlay or limit our ability to operate our processing facilities; and 
 climate change legislation and regulatory initiatives could negatively affect our business. 
 All written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements as well as other cautionary statements that are made from time to time in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and public communications. You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in the context of these risks and uncertainties. 
 We caution users of the financial statements that the important factors referenced above may not contain all of the factors that may be important to every user. In addition, we cannot make assurances that we will realize the results or developments we expect or anticipate or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or affect us or our operations in the way we expect. The forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law. 
 7 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 The Company 
 We are a fully integrated frac and industrial sand supply and services company. We offer complete mine to wellsite proppant supply and logistics solutions to our frac sand customers. We produce low-cost, high quality Northern White sand, which is a premium sand used as a proppant to enhance hydrocarbon recovery rates in the hydraulic fracturing of oil and natural gas wells and for a variety of industrial applications. We also offer proppant logistics solutions to our customers through our in-basin transloading terminals and our SmartSystems TM wellsite proppant storage capabilities. In late 2021, we created our Industrial Products Solutions IPS business in order to diversify our customer base and markets we serve by offering sand for industrial uses. 
 We market our products and services to oil and natural gas exploration and production companies, oilfield service companies and industrial manufacturers. We sell our sand through short-term and long-term contracts or spot sales in the open market. We provide wellsite proppant handling solutions services and equipment under flexible contract terms custom tailored to meet the needs of our customers. We believe that, among other things, the size and favorable geologic characteristics of our sand reserves, the strategic location and logistical advantages of our facilities, our proprietary SmartDepot TM portable wellsite proppant storage silos, our proprietary SmartPath transloader, our proprietary SmartBelt TM conveyor system, access to all Class I rail lines, and the industry experience of our senior management team make us as a highly attractive provider of sand and logistics services. 
 We incorporated in Delaware in July 2011 and began operations at our Oakdale, Wisconsin facility in July 2012 with 1.1 million tons of annual processing capacity. After several expansions our current annual processing capacity at our Oakdale facility is approximately 5.5 million tons. This facility has access to both the Canadian Pacific Class I rail network (through an onsite, unit train capable rail facility) and the Union Pacific Class I rail network (through the Byron, Wisconsin transload facility). 
 In September 2020, we acquired our Utica, Illinois mine and processing facility, which has annual processing capacity of approximately 1.6 million tons and access to the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Class I rail line through the Peru, Illinois transload facility, as well as rights to use a rail terminal located in El Reno, Oklahoma. We began operating the Utica facility in October 2020. 
 In March 2022, we acquired our Blair, Wisconsin mine and processing facility, which has approximately 2.9 million tons of total annual processing capacity and contains an onsite, unit train capable rail terminal with access to the Class 1 Canadian National Railway. We commenced operations at the Blair facility in the second quarter of 2023. 
 We sell frac sand through a network of in-basin rail terminals. We directly control five in-basin transloading facilities and have access to third party transloading terminals in all operating basins. We operate a unit train capable transloading terminal in Van Hook, North Dakota to service the Bakken Formation in the Williston Basin. The Van Hook terminal became operational in April 2018. In 2020, as part of our acquisition of the Utica, Illinois mining facility, we obtained rights to use a rail terminal located in El Reno, Oklahoma. In January 2022, we began operations at an additional unit train capable transloading terminal in Waynesburg, Pennsylvania to service the Appalachian Basin, including the Marcellus and Utica Formations. We completed an expansion of this terminal in the fourth quarter of 2023. In December 2023, we acquired the rights to operate a unit train capable transloading terminal in Minerva, Ohio. We expect this terminal to become operational in the second quarter of 2024. In January 2024, we acquired the rights to operate a unit train capable transloading terminal in Dennison, Ohio. We expect this terminal to become operational in the second quarter of 2024. 
 We also offer to our customers portable wellsite storage and management solutions through our SmartSystems products and services. Our SmartSystems provide our customers with the capability to unload, store and deliver proppant at the wellsite, as well as the ability to rapidly set up, takedown and transport the entire system. This capability creates efficiencies, flexibility, enhanced safety and reliability for customers. Through our SmartSystems wellsite proppant storage solutions, we offer the SmartDepot and SmartDepotXL silo systems, the SmartBelt conveyor, SmartPath transloader, and our rapid deployment trailers. Our SmartDepot silos include passive and active dust suppression technology, along with the capability of a gravity-fed operation. Our self-contained SmartPath transloader is a mobile sand transloading system designed to work with bottom dump trailers and features a drive over conveyor, surge bin, and dust collection system, and we believe the system has the ability to keep up with any hydraulic fracturing operation. Our SmartBelt conveyor is a belt system that is designed to work with our SmartPath, which allows feeding sand directly into the hopper at the wellsite leading to more efficient delivery of the sand into blender. Our rapid deployment trailers are designed for quick setup, takedown and transportation of the entire SmartSystem, and detach from the wellsite equipment, which allows for removal from the wellsite during operation. We have also developed 
 8 

a proprietary software program, the SmartSystem Tracker , which allows our SmartSystems customers to monitor silo-specific information, including location, proppant type and proppant inventory. We believe that our SmartSystems reduce trucking and related fuel consumption for our customers, helping them reduce their carbon footprint in their daily operations. 
 In late 2021, we started our IPS business to provide sand to customers for various industrial applications, such as glass, foundry, building products, filtration, geothermal, renewables, ceramics, turf landscape, retail, and recreation. We believe this business will provide us with the ability to diversify some of our sales into more stable, consumer-driven products to help mitigate some of the price volatility we are exposed to in the oil and gas markets that we serve. We completed an expansion of our IPS processing at our Utica, Illinois plant in the fourth quarter of 2023 to provide blending and cooling capabilities to increase our product offerings in the industrial marketplace. 
 Market 
 In recent years, the increasing supply of frac sand, particularly in-basin sand, relative to demand, has led to continued volatility in frac sand prices. During most of 2020, demand for frac sand declined significantly as a result of decreased demand for oil and natural gas as a result of the effects of the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic, which caused a global decrease in all means of travel, the closure of borders between countries and a general slowing of economic activity worldwide. Activity in the oil and gas industry began to rebound in the fourth quarter of 2020 and continued to improve through 2021 as the global distribution of COVID-19 vaccines ramped up and travel restrictions lessened. However, the prices of frac sand remained depressed during 2021 as supply remained out of balance with demand even though market activity was improving. Beginning in the first quarter of 2022 and continuing through the middle of 2023, supply and demand fundamentals continued to improve and frac sand prices continued recovering from previous historic lows. Since the middle of 2023, frac sand prices have stabilized as supply and demand of frac sand have become more in balance. 
 The ongoing conflict in Ukraine and recent developments in the Middle East, as well as economic actions taken by the United States and other countries in connection with such conflicts, have contributed to dramatic swings in oil and natural gas prices and significant volatility in the oilfield service sector. Additionally, other economic factors, including continued high inflation and other economic factors could lead to a global economic recession that could have a negative impact on global oil and natural gas demand, which may lead to continued volatility in the oil field service sector. We cannot predict if frac sand prices will increase, decrease or stabilize. 
 Northern White frac sand, which is found predominantly in Wisconsin and limited portions of Minnesota, Illinois, and Missouri, is considered a premium proppant due to its favorable physical characteristics. While we anticipate that regional sand will continue to affect the demand for Northern White sand in some of the oil and natural gas producing basins in which we market our products. However, we believe there will continue to be demand for our high-quality Northern White frac sand. In particular, we currently believe that Northern White frac sand has logistical advantages in the Marcellus, Utica, Bakken, and shale basins in Canada. We expect demand for our frac sand to continue to be supported by customers who are focused on long-term well performance and ultimate recovery of reserves from the oil and natural gas wells they are completing, as well as those interested in the efficiency of their logistics supply chain and delivery of sand to the wellsite. Additionally, we believe market trends continue to support increased proppant usage per well drilled due to operator focus on well efficiencies through increasing lengths of drilling laterals, use of simul-fracking techniques and other well enhancement strategies. Finally, we believe that the adoption of our SmartSystems provides improved efficiencies in shipping and storing sand at the wellsite through reduced trucking requirements, which removes traffic from the roads and lowers diesel fuel consumption, thereby providing incremental value to our customers by reducing their carbon emissions. 
 Demand in the IPS business is relatively stable as customers are spread over a wide range of industries, including glass, foundry, building products, filtration, geothermal, renewables, ceramics, turf landscape, retail, recreation and more. The IPS business is primarily influenced by macroeconomic drivers such as consumer demand and population growth. We believe that as this business grows, it will provide us with the ability to diversify some of our sales into more stable, consumer-driven products to help mitigate the price volatility that we are exposed to in the oil and gas industry. 
 Business Strategies 
 Our principal business objective is to be the premier provider of sustainable Northern White Sand supply and logistics solutions to our customers. We do this through supporting our existing customers, expanding our market share, being a low-cost producer of high-quality Northern White Sand, maintaining low debt leverage and managing efficient and sustainable supply chain logistics from the mine to the wellsite. In late 2021, we began expanding our product line to offer IPS. We believe that by 
 9 

executing these business strategies, we will be able to increase long-term stockholder value. We expect to achieve this objective through the following business strategies: 
 Diversifying our customer base to include Industrial Product Solutions. In late 2021, we expanded our product offering to provide IPS for industrial customers. We are still in the early stages of the industrial sand business, but this business has incrementally grown since its inception and we and expect to continue to expand and diversify to serve the vital industrial markets throughout North America, including glass, foundry, building products, filtration, geothermal, renewables, ceramics, turf landscape, retail, recreation and more. 
 Expanding and optimizing our existing logistics infrastructure and developing additional origination and destination points. We expect to continue to capitalize on our Oakdale facility s ability to ship on two Class I rail carriers to maximize our product shipments, increase our railcar utilization and lower our transportation costs. We have the ability to simultaneously accommodate multiple unit trains on-site with the Canadian Pacific rail network while also having the ability to ship our frac sand directly to our customers on a second Class I rail carrier through our transloading facility located on the Union Pacific rail network approximately three miles from our Oakdale operations. This access to two Class I rail carriers from Oakdale provides increased delivery options for our customers, greater competition between our rail carriers and potentially lower freight costs. 
 Our mine at Utica, Illinois and related transloading terminal in Peru, Illinois added new origination and destination points to our existing capabilities and offers additional capability to ship products on a third Class I rail carrier, the BNSF. 
 Our Blair, Wisconsin mine with onsite rail infrastructure provides us with direct access to the Class 1 Canadian National Railway. We now have access to all Class 1 rail lines within the United States and Canada. The Blair facility began operations in the second quarter of 2023. 
 We also operate several terminals throughout the United States, including a multiple unit train capable transloading terminal in Van Hook, North Dakota, which we believe allows us to be one of the most efficient and low-cost sources of frac sand in the Bakken Formation in the Williston Basin. Our Waynesburg, Pennsylvania terminal, which services the Appalachian Basins, including the Marcellus and Utica Formations, became operational in January 2022 and was expanded in the fourth quarter of 2023. We believe this terminal allows us to be one of the most efficient and low-cost sources of frac sand in the Appalachian Basin. Our El Reno, Oklahoma terminal provides us with the flexibility to send sand to the Woodford and SCOOP/STACK Basins as it is needed by our customers. Recently, we obtained access, through a long term lease, to rail terminals in Minerva, Ohio and Dennison, Ohio, which we believe will broaden our ability to offer sand to our customers in the Utica Formation in an efficient and cost-effective manner. We expect both of the Ohio terminals to be operational in the second quarter of 2024. 
 Additionally, our SmartSystems wellsite storage and proppant management systems allow us to offer expanded logistics services to our customers. We believe that our SmartSystems reduce trucking and related fuel consumption for our customers, helping them to reduce their carbon footprint in their daily operations. 
 The benefits of our long-term growth strategy for in-basin delivery of sand include expanding our customer base by marketing through our own terminals, more opportunity for spot sales by forward deploying sand and the opportunity to capture incremental margin on the sale of sand farther down the supply chain by managing the cost of rail, terminal and wellsite storage operations. Additionally, having a presence in-basin gives us an opportunity to have a base of operations from which to market and support our SmartSystems wellsite storage and proppant management solutions. Through the expansion of our SmartSystems fleet and addition of new origination and destination options, we continue evaluating ways to reduce the landed cost of our products in-basin and to the wellsite for our customers while increasing our customized service offerings to provide our customers with additional delivery and pricing alternatives. 
 Focusing on organic growth by increasing the utilization of our mine and frac sand processing facilities. We intend to continue pursuing opportunities to maximize the value and the utilization of our Oakdale, Utica, and Blair facilities through the addition of new customers and increased sales volumes. Despite the emergence of regional sand in oil and natural gas producing basins, we believe the proppant market continues to offer attractive long-term growth fundamentals for Northern White frac sand in the key operating basins we currently serve due to the logistics advantages in these basins and its superior well results compared to regional sand alternatives. We believe that coupling our premium proppant with long-term sustainable logistics supply services may mitigate the potential cost savings of using regional sand. 
 10 

Demand for frac sand has continued to increase during 2023, from the all-time lows in 2020, following the decline in demand for oil driven primarily by reduced demand as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. According to Spears and Associates, Inc. Spears ), North America proppant demand increased by 5 in 2023 compared to 2022, mirroring an improving hydraulic fracturing market. 
 Focusing on being a low-cost provider and continuing to make process improvements. We continue to focus on being a low-cost provider, which we believe will allow us to compete effectively for sales of frac and industrial sand and to achieve attractive operating margins. Our low-cost structure results from a number of key attributes, including, among others, our (i) relatively low royalty rates, (ii) majority of fine mineral reserve deposits, (iii) our facilities access to all Class I rail lines within the United States and Canada, and (iv) our low levels of debt. We have strategically designed our operations to provide for low-cost production, including having dryers and wet plants enclosed in our Oakdale and Utica processing facilities that allow for year-round operation at both facilities. This allows us to more efficiently match our wet sand production with our drying capacity and to better utilize our workforce with a goal to reduce the overall cost of production. We continue to invest in capital projects and consider strategic acquisitions that increase efficiencies and offer the opportunity for a high return on investment. In addition, we seek to maximize our mining yields on an ongoing basis by targeting sales volumes that more closely match our reserve gradation in order to minimize waste in our processing. We also continue to evaluate other mining techniques to reduce the overall cost of our mining operations. 
 Creating flexible sales activities. We believe that demand for our products will remain strong in basins where regional sand is not an attractive alternative due to the logistics and performance advantages of Northern White Sand, such as the Bakken in North Dakota, the Marcellus and Utica formations in the Appalachian Basin of the Northeast region of the United States, and shale basins in Canada. We continue to have discussions with operators in these regions regarding new relationship and growth opportunities. We also believe that the long-term benefits of high quality Northern White sand outweighs the short-term cost savings provided by regional sand in the Permian, Eagle Ford and SCOOP/STACK basins. We believe there are additional opportunities for customers in the Permian and other basins, which have regional supply, who are focused on the long-term performance of their production and on the long-term efficiency of their logistics. 
 While we continue to look for long-term contract opportunities, we intend to continue to focus on shorter term contracts and increase sales in the spot market given the reluctance of many customers to enter into long-term take-or-pay contracts in the current market environment. Having a greater portion of our activity on spot or short-term contracts allows us the opportunity to take advantage of pricing improvements quickly should market fundamentals improve. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 We believe that we will be able to successfully execute our business strategies because of the following competitive strengths: 
 Long-lived, strategically located, high-quality reserve base. We believe our three sand mines in Oakdale, Wisconsin, Utica, Illinois and Blair, Wisconsin have a uniquely desirable combination of large high-quality reserves of fine mesh sand that is contiguous to their production and have primary rail loading facilities that are either on site or are in close proximity to the mines. As of December 31, 2023, we have an estimated life of mine of approximately 61 years at Oakdale, 106 years at Utica, and 45 years at Blair, based on our current expected sales volumes. With the acquisition of the Blair, Wisconsin mine and processing facility, which began operating in the second quarter of 2023, we have the ability to annually process up to approximately 10.0 million tons. 
 We believe our reserve base positions us well to take advantage of current market trends of increasing demand for finer mesh frac sand. We also believe that having our mines, processing facilities and primary rail loading facilities in close proximity provides us with an overall low-cost structure, which enables us to compete effectively for sales of Northern White frac sand and to achieve attractive operating margins. 
 Intrinsic logistics advantage. We believe that we are one of the few frac sand producers with a network of facilities custom-designed for the specific purpose of delivering frac sand to all of the major U.S. oil and natural gas producing basins by having rail facilities that can simultaneously accommodate multiple unit trains on site or in close proximity to our mining and processing operations. Our on-site transportation assets at Oakdale have access to two Class I rail lines owned by Canadian Pacific and Union Pacific. We believe our customized on-site logistical configuration yields lower operating and transportation costs of product to our customers between the mine and in basin destinations. 
 11 

Our Utica mine and related Peru transloading terminal in Illinois provides us direct access to another Class I rail line with direct access to the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Class I rail line. Additionally, we believe the location of our Utica, Illinois facility in close proximity to Greater Chicago and other major Midwestern metropolitan markets and our ability to truck or rail our products from this location allows us to be able to offer competitive pricing for industrial sand application. 
 The addition of the Blair frac sand mine and related processing facility located in Blair, Wisconsin, which contains an onsite, unit train capable rail terminal with access to the Class 1 Canadian National Railway, has secured our access to provide sand on all Class I rail lines in the United States and Canada. 
 Expanded logistics solutions. Our transloading terminal in Van Hook, North Dakota is capable of handling multiple unit trains simultaneously, and we have been providing in-basin sand at this terminal to our customers since operations began in 2018. This terminal has allowed us to expand our customer base and to offer more efficient delivery options to customers operating in the Bakken Formation in the Williston Basin. 
 In January 2022 we began operating the terminal in Waynesburg, Pennsylvania to service the Appalachian Basin, including the Marcellus and Utica Formations. We believe the Waynesburg terminal will allow us to be one of the most efficient and low-cost sources of frac sand in the Appalachian Basin. 
 We also operate a terminal located in El Reno, Oklahoma, to serve the Woodford and SCOOP/STACK Basins, which we acquired in 2020. 
 Recently, we obtained access, through long term leases, to rail terminals in Minerva, Ohio and Dennison, Ohio, which we believe will broaden our ability to offer sand to our customers in the Utica Formation of the Appalachian Basin in an efficient and cost-effective manner. We expect each of these terminals to be operational in the second quarter of 2024. 
 Our SmartSystems wellsite proppant storage and management products provide our customers with the capability to unload, store and deliver proppant at the wellsite, as well as the ability to rapidly set up, takedown and transport the entire system. This capability creates efficiencies, flexibility, enhanced safety and reliability for customers. Through our SmartSystems wellsite proppant storage solutions we offer the SmartDepot and SmartDepotXL silo systems, the SmartBelt conveyor, SmartPath transloader, and our rapid deployment trailers. We believe that our SmartSystems reduce trucking and related fuel consumption for our customers, helping them reduce their carbon footprint in their daily operations.We believe our SmartPath, which allows feeding sand directly into the hopper at the wellsite, will lead to more efficient delivery of sand into the hopper. We have also developed a proprietary software program, the SmartSystem Tracker, which allows our SmartSystems customers to monitor silo-specific information, including location, proppant type and proppant inventory. 
 We are capable of delivering sand to substantially all onshore operating basins in the United States and Canada. We have direct access to four Class I rail lines in North America and indirect access to all Class I rail lines, which gives us an advantage over many of our competitors by allowing us to offer more competitive pricing and delivery options to our customers. 
 Sufficient liquidity and financial flexibility. We believe we have sufficient liquidity to support our operations and pursue our growth initiatives. As of December 31, 2023, we had cash on hand of 6.1 million. Further, we have a 20.0 million senior secured asset-based lending credit facility with Jefferies Finance LLC, under which we had undrawn availability of 12.0 million as of December 31, 2023 and 8.0 million in outstanding borrowings. The available borrowing amount under the ABL Credit Facility is based on the Company s eligible accounts receivable and inventory. The ABL Credit Facility matures on December 13, 2024. Our total available liquidity among cash and available borrowings was 18.1 million as of December 31, 2023. 
 Experienced management team. The members of our senior management team bring significant experience to the market environment in which we operate. Their expertise covers a range of disciplines, including industry-specific operating and technical knowledge and experience managing businesses in a variety of operating conditions. 
 Focus on safety and environmental stewardship. We aim to maintain a culture that prioritizes safety, the environment and our relationship with the communities in which we operate, actions we believe are critical to the success of our business. We are a Tier 1 participant in The Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources Green Tier program, which encourages, recognizes and rewards companies for voluntarily exceeding environmental, health and safety standards. Since 2016, Smart Sand has maintained International Organization for Standardization ISO ISO 9001 and ISO 14001 registrations for our quality management system and environmental management system programs, respectively, for our Oakdale facility. We earned initial ISO 9001 registration for our Utica, IL facility in 
 12 

2022. We also have attained Green Professional status in Wisconsin s Green Master sustainability recognition program. We are one of a select group of companies who are members of the Wisconsin Industrial Sand Association, which promotes safe and environmentally responsible sand mining standards. 
 Our Customers 
 Our core customers are oil and natural gas exploration and production and oilfield service companies. In late 2021, we began diversifying our sand sales to include IPS to customers. While sales of IPS to customers were a small portion of our overall sand sales in 2023, we intend to continue increasing our focus on IPS in 2024 and going forward. We sell frac sand under long-term take-or-pay contracts as well as in the spot market, and provide proppant logistics solutions through our in-basin transloading terminals and SmartSystems wellsite proppant storage solutions and other logistics services. 
 Generally, customers under long-term take-or-pay contracts are required to take minimum volumes of sand or make shortfall payments for a specified period of time. We recognize revenue in our results of operations in the period in which the obligation becomes due. 
 While we have increased our long term take-or-pay contracts over the past year, currently many customers prefer to source their frac sand supply in the spot market or under short-term contractual arrangements at market prices. Should our customer base continue to limit their exposure to longer term contracts, we will continue to focus on shorter term contracts and increasing sales in the spot market. 
 Customers renting SmartSystems are able to tailor the contract, including adjusting the number of SmartDepot silos, SmartPath transloaders and SmartBelt conveyors to be supplied, to meet their short-term and long-term needs. We recognize rental revenue when the equipment is made available for the customer to use or other obligations in the contract are met. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, Equitable Gas Corporation, and Liberty Oilfield Services, accounted for 30.2 , and 11.4 , respectively, of total revenue, and the remainder of our revenues were from 72 customers. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Equitable Gas Corporation, Halliburton Energy Services, Encino Energy, and Liberty Oilfield Services accounted for 22.3 , 15.4 , 14.4 , and 13.7 respectively, of our total revenues, and the remainder of our revenues were from 63 customers. For the year ended December 31, 2021, Equitable Gas Corporation, Halliburton Energy Services, and Liberty Oilfield Services accounted for 24.3 , 18.3 and, 14.8 , respectively, of our total revenues, and the remainder of our revenues were from 20 customers. Please read Risk Factors Risks Inherent in Our Business A substantial majority of our revenues have been generated under contracts with a limited number of customers, and the loss of, material nonpayment or nonperformance by or significant reduction in purchases by any of them could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Capital Plans 
 We expect 2024 capital expenditures to be between 19.0 million and 23.0 million, consisting primarily of capital for efficiency projects at our mine and processing facilities and our in-basin terminals, along with investments in our facilities to support incremental IPS activity. We expect to fund these capital expenditures with existing cash, cash generated from operations, or borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility or other financing sources, such as equipment finance providers. 
 Industry Trends Impacting Our Business 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the information set forth under this section, including all statistical data and related forecasts, is derived from Spears Hydraulic Fracturing Market - Q4 2023 published in the first quarter of 2024. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding the proppant industry data presented herein, estimates involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the heading Risk Factors. 
 Demand Trends 
 According to Spears, the North American proppant market, including frac sand, ceramic and resin-coated proppant, was approximately 132 million tons in 2023, which is approximately a 5 increase from the 127 million tons Spears reported for 2022. Spears currently estimates that 2024 demand will remain similar to 2023. 
 Supply Trends 
 There was considerable consolidation activity including mergers, acquisitions, closures of mines and bankruptcy filings among our peers from 2020 to 2023. Additional consolidation activity is expected in 2024 in the mining, transloading and logistics businesses. Supply and demand for Northern white frac sand was relatively in balance in 2023 and this is expected to continue in 2024. 
 13 

Supplies of high-quality Northern White frac sand are limited to select areas, predominantly in western Wisconsin and limited areas of Minnesota and Illinois. We believe the ability to obtain large contiguous reserves in these areas is a key constraint for potential new Northern White frac sand supply and can be an important supply consideration when assessing the economic viability of a potential frac sand processing facility. Further constraining the supply and throughput of Northern White frac sand is that not all of the large reserve mines have on-site excavation, processing or logistics capabilities, which impact the long-term competitiveness of these mines due to lower efficiency and higher cost structures. Historically, much of the capital investment in Northern White frac sand mines was used for the development of coarser deposits in western Wisconsin, which is inconsistent with the increasing demand for finer mesh frac sand in recent years. As such, we ve seen competitors in the Northern White frac sand market reduce their capacity by shuttering or idling operations as the shift to finer sands in hydraulic fracturing of oil and natural gas wells and to lower cost regional sand sources has eroded the ongoing economic viability of mines with coarser reserve deposits and inefficient mining and logistics facilities. 
 Environmental, Social Governance 
 Smart Sand already has a strong record of environmental performance. In 2014, we joined the Wisconsin Green Tier program, a marquee public/private partnership, under which the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources worked with us on a plan to meet applicable legal requirements and to improve our facility from an environmental perspective. In addition to documenting 11 years of compliant operations, we have worked on, among other things, protecting wetlands, reducing usage and impact of heavy equipment, reducing fuel usage of equipment and vehicles and defining best practices for onsite water management. We are also a member of Wisconsin s sustainability initiative, Green Masters. As part of this program, we have completed a detailed survey of our sustainability and social responsibility activities and started the process of completing carbon inventory. As a mining company, we invest and plan for reclamation, ensuring that the land is returned to beneficial use. Smart Sand has held ISO 9001/14001-2015 environmental and quality management systems for the past nine years. Smart Sand is also a member of the Wisconsin Industrial Sand Association, a select group of mining companies focused on safety, environmental and public policy. 
 One of the goals of the United Nations Paris Agreement is for the world to become carbon neutral by the year 2050. We know that energy consumption is only one part of ethical operations, and we plan to continue to work to manage our carbon footprint in an efficient and responsible manner. For additional information regarding the United Nations Paris Agreement, see Item 1A Risk Factors-Risks Related to Environmental, Mining and Other Regulation-Climate change legislation and regulatory initiatives could result in increased compliance costs for us and our customers. 
 We provide social value through our excellent employment opportunities. Our first priority is keeping our employees safe, which we implement through daily training and inspections. Our business supports hundreds of families and we are proud to offer rewarding and interesting work with competitive compensation and benefits. We promote from within, provide continuous training, hire with a passion for diversity and provide every employee with the opportunity to participate in retirement plans and ownership of the Company. Smart Sand is an active charitable partner in the communities in which it operates, making both financial and time investments in those communities. 
 Sustainability has always been part of the Smart Sand story, but we are in the process of evaluating what we have done and identifying improvement opportunities. 
 Permits 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment overseen by many governmental regulatory and enforcement bodies at the local, state and federal levels. To conduct our operations, we are required to obtain permits and approvals that address environmental, land use and health and safety issues at our operating facilities. Our current and planned areas for excavation at our mining facilities are permitted for extraction of our proven reserves. Portions of our facilities lie in areas designated as wetlands, which will require additional local, state and federal permits prior to mining and reclaiming those areas. 
 We also must meet requirements for certain international standards concerning safety, greenhouse gases and rail operations. We have voluntarily agreed to meet the standards of the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources Green Tier program, the National Industrial Sand Association NISA and the Wisconsin Industrial Sand Association. Further, for Oakdale, we have agreed to meet the standards required to maintain our ISO 9001-2015 and ISO 14001-2015 quality/environmental management system registrations. These voluntary requirements are tracked and managed along with our permits. 
 While resources invested in securing permits are significant, this cost has not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. We cannot ensure that existing environmental, health and safety EHS laws and regulations will not be reinterpreted or revised or that new EHS laws and regulations will not be adopted or become applicable 
 14 

to us. Revised or additional EHS requirements that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Competition 
 The proppant industry is highly competitive. Please read Risk Factors Risks Inherent in Our Business We face significant competition that may cause us to lose market share. There are numerous large and small producers in all sand producing regions of North America with whom we compete, many of which also offer solutions for unloading, storing and delivering proppant to the wellsite. Our main competitors include Badger Mining Corporation, Hi-Crush, Inc., Covia Holdings Corporation, U.S. Silica Holdings, Inc., Capital Sand Company and Solaris Oilfield Infrastructure, Inc. 
 Although some of our competitors may have greater financial or natural resources than we do, we believe that we are well-positioned competitively due to our low cost of sand production, low debt levels, logistics infrastructure, high-quality, balanced reserve profile and patented SmartSystems wellsite proppant storage solutions, which offer numerous benefits over our competition. The most important factors on which we compete are our service capabilities, product quality, proven performance, sand characteristics, transportation capabilities, reliability of supply, price, logistics services and the performance of patented SmartSystems wellsite proppant storage solutions technology. Demand for frac sand and logistics solutions and the prices that we will be able to obtain for our products, to the extent not subject to a fixed price or take-or-pay contract, are closely linked to proppant consumption patterns for the completion of oil and natural gas wells in North America. These consumption patterns are influenced by numerous factors, including, among other things, the price for oil and natural gas and hydraulic fracturing activity, including the number of stages completed and the amount of proppant used per stage. Further, these consumption patterns are also influenced by the location, quality, price and availability of frac sand and other types of proppants such as resin-coated sand and ceramic proppant. 
 Seasonality 
 Our business is affected to some extent by seasonal fluctuations in weather that impact the production levels for a portion of our wet sand processing capacity. While our dry plants are able to process finished product volumes evenly throughout the year, our excavation and our wet sand processing activities have historically been limited to primarily non-winter months. As a consequence, we have experienced lower cash operating costs in the first and fourth quarter of each calendar year, and higher cash operating costs in the second and third quarter of each calendar year when we overproduced wet sand to meet demand in the winter months. These higher cash operating costs are capitalized into inventory and expensed when these tons are sold, which can lead to us having higher overall costs in the first and fourth quarters of each calendar year as we expense inventory costs that were previously capitalized. However, we have enclosed, indoor wet plants at our Oakdale and Utica processing facilities, which allow us to produce wet sand inventory year-round to support a large portion of our dry sand processing capacity, which may reduce certain effects of this seasonality. We may also sell frac sand for use in oil and natural gas producing basins where severe weather conditions may curtail drilling activities and, as a result, our sales volumes to those areas may be reduced during such severe weather periods. Severe weather can also impact the rail lines which we utilize to ship our sand to our customers in the operating basins and as a result could lead to reduced sales volumes during such severe weather periods. Additionally, over the last several years, exploration and production companies have become more disciplined in their spending patterns relative to their budgets, which has led to some of our customers completing their budgeted spending earlier in the year. This spending discipline could potentially lead to a slowdown in activity by our customers and lower sand demand in the fourth quarter of the year. For a discussion of the impact of weather on our operations, please read Risk Factors Seasonal and severe weather conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition and Risk Factors Our cash flow fluctuates on a seasonal basis. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our intellectual property primarily consists of trade secrets, know-how and trademarks. We own patents and have patent applications pending related to our SmartSystems wellsite proppant storage solutions. All of the issued patents have an expiration date after July 2030. With respect to our other products, we principally rely on trade secrets, rather than patents, to protect our proprietary processes, methods, documentation and other technologies, as well as certain other business information. For a discussion of the impact of our intellectual property, please read Risk Factors If we are unable to fully protect our intellectual property rights, we may suffer a loss in our competitive advantage and Risk Factors We may be adversely affected by disputes regarding intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 Insurance 
 We believe that our insurance coverage is customary for the industry in which we operate and adequate for our business. As is customary in the proppant industry, we review our safety equipment and procedures and carry insurance against most, but not all, risks of our business. Losses and liabilities not covered by insurance would increase our costs. To address the hazards inherent in our business, we maintain insurance coverage that includes physical damage coverage, third-party general liability 
 15 

insurance, employer s liability, business interruption, environmental and pollution and other coverage, although coverage for environmental and pollution-related losses is subject to significant limitations. For additional discussion regarding our insurance, please read Risk Factors Our operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions for which we may not be adequately insured. 
 Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety Regulations 
 We are subject to stringent and complex federal, state, local and international laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to protection of worker health, safety and the environment. Compliance with these laws and regulations may expose us to significant costs and liabilities and cause us to incur significant capital expenditures in our operations. Any failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, imposition of remedial obligations, and the issuance of injunctions delaying or prohibiting operations. Private parties may also have the right to pursue legal actions to enforce compliance as well as to seek damages for non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations or for personal injury or property damage. In addition, the trend in environmental regulation is to place more restrictions on activities that may affect the environment, and thus, any changes in, or more stringent enforcement of, these laws and regulations that result in more stringent and costly pollution control equipment, the occurrence of delays in the permitting or performance of projects, or waste handling, storage, transport, disposal or remediation requirements could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial position. 
 We do not believe that compliance by us with federal, state, local or international environmental laws and regulations will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or our results of operations or cash flows. We cannot be assured, however, that future events, such as changes in existing laws or enforcement policies, the promulgation of new laws or regulations or the development or discovery of new facts or conditions adverse to our operations will not cause us to incur significant costs. The following is a discussion of environmental and worker health and safety laws, as amended from time to time that relate to our operations or those of our customers that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Air Emissions 
 Our operations are subject to the federal Clean Air Act CAA and related state and local laws, which restrict the emission of air pollutants and impose permitting, monitoring and reporting requirements on various sources. Over the next several years, we may be required to incur certain capital expenditures for air pollution control equipment or to address other air emissions-related issues. Changing and increasingly stringent requirements, future non-compliance, or failure to maintain necessary permits or other authorizations could require us to incur substantial costs or suspend or terminate our operations. 
 Climate Change 
 In recent years, the U.S. Congress has considered legislation to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases GHG ). We are unable to predict actions that may be taken by the Federal government; however, a number of states are addressing GHG emissions, primarily through the development of emission inventories or regional GHG cap and trade programs. Depending on the particular program, we could be required to monitor, report, or control GHG emissions or to purchase and surrender allowances for GHG emissions resulting from our operations. Independent of Congress, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA has adopted regulations controlling GHG emissions under its existing authority. Compliance with new legislation may require us to incur substantial costs or suspend or terminate our operations. In addition, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC issued a proposed rule in March 2022 that would mandate extensive disclosure of climate-related data, risks, GHG emissions, for certain public companies. The SEC originally planned to issue a final rule by October 2022, but according to the SEC s updated rulemaking agenda, a final rule is now expected to be issued in spring 2024. 
 President Biden has identified climate change as a priority, and executive orders, regulatory action, and/or legislation targeting GHG emissions, or prohibiting, delaying or restricting oil and gas development activities in certain areas, have been proposed and/or promulgated during the Biden Administration. For example, in January 2021, President Biden issued an executive order targeting climate change, which directed the Secretary of the Interior to pause new oil and natural gas leasing on federal public lands and in offshore waters pending completion of a comprehensive review of federal permitting and leasing practices, consider whether to adjust royalties associated with coal, oil, and gas resources extracted from public lands and offshore waters, or take other appropriate actions to account for corresponding climate costs. The climate change executive order also directed the federal government to identify fossil fuel subsidies to take steps to ensure that, to the extent consistent with applicable law, federal funding is not directly subsidizing fossil fuels. On January 26, 2024, the Biden Administration implemented a temporary pause on the U.S. Department of Energy s review of pending decisions for authorization to export liquified natural gas LNG to non-Free Trade Agreement countries while the U.S. Department of Energy reviews and updates the underlying analyses for such decisions using more current data to account for considerations like the environmental and climate change impacts of LNG. The temporary pause is not expected to affect LNG exports that have already been 
 16 

authorized. Such developments could have an adverse effect on our business to the extent they result in decreased demand for LNG, which could result in a decrease in demand for our frac sand. 
 Water Discharges 
 The Clean Water Act CWA and analogous state laws impose restrictions and strict controls with respect to the discharge of pollutants, including spills and leaks of oil and other substances, into state waters or waters of the United States. The discharge of pollutants into regulated waters is prohibited, except in accordance with the terms of a permit issued by the EPA or an analogous state agency. The CWA and regulations implemented thereunder also prohibit the discharge of dredge and fill material into regulated waters, including jurisdictional wetlands, unless authorized by the Army Corps of Engineers Corps pursuant to an appropriately issued permit. In addition, the CWA and analogous state laws require individual permits or coverage under general permits for discharges of storm water runoff from certain types of facilities. Compliance with new rules and legislation could require us to face increased costs and delays with respect to obtaining permits for expansion activities. Federal and state regulatory agencies can impose administrative, civil and criminal penalties as well as other enforcement mechanisms for non-compliance with discharge permits or other requirements of the CWA and analogous state laws and regulations. 
 Hydraulic Fracturing 
 We supply frac sand to hydraulic fracturing operators in the oil and natural gas industry. Hydraulic fracturing is an industry practice that is used to stimulate production of oil and natural gas from low permeability hydrocarbon bearing subsurface rock formations. The hydraulic fracturing process involves the injection of water, proppants, and chemicals under pressure into the formation to fracture the surrounding rock, increase permeability and stimulate production. Although we do not directly engage in hydraulic fracturing activities, our customers purchase our frac sand for use in their hydraulic fracturing activities. 
 The adoption of new laws or regulations at the federal or state levels imposing reporting obligations on, or otherwise limiting or delaying, the hydraulic fracturing process could make it more difficult to complete natural gas wells, increase our customers costs of compliance and doing business, and adversely affect the hydraulic fracturing services they perform, which could negatively impact demand for our frac sand. 
 Non-Hazardous and Hazardous Wastes 
 The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA and comparable state laws control the management and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. These laws and regulations govern the generation, storage, treatment, transfer and disposal of wastes that we generate. In the course of our operations, we generate waste that is regulated as non-hazardous waste and hazardous waste, obligating us to comply with applicable standards relating to the management and disposal of such waste. In addition, drilling fluids, produced waters, and most of the other wastes associated with the exploration, development, and production of oil or natural gas, if properly handled, are currently exempt from regulation as hazardous waste under RCRA and, instead, are regulated under RCRA s less stringent non-hazardous waste provisions, state laws or other federal laws. However, it is possible that certain oil and natural gas drilling and production wastes now classified as non-hazardous could be classified as hazardous waste in the future. A loss of the RCRA exclusion for drilling fluids, produced waters and related waste could result in an increase in our customers costs to manage and dispose of generated wastes and a corresponding decrease in their drilling operations, which developments could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Site Remediation 
 The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, as amended CERCLA and comparable state laws impose strict, joint and several liability without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct on certain classes of persons that contributed to the release of a hazardous substance into the environment. These persons include the owner and operator of a disposal site where a hazardous substance release occurred and any company that transported, disposed of, or arranged for the transport or disposal of hazardous substances released at the site. Under CERCLA, such persons may be liable for the costs of remediating the hazardous substances that have been released into the environment, for damages to natural resources, and for the costs of certain health studies. In addition, where contamination may be present, it is not uncommon for the neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury, property damage and recovery of response costs. We have not received notification that we may be potentially responsible for cleanup costs under CERCLA at any site. 
 17 

Endangered Species 
 The Endangered Species Act ESA restricts activities that may result in a take of the habitat of endangered or threatened species and provides for substantial penalties in cases where listed species are being harmed. Harm under the ESA includes acts that actually kill or injure wildlife as well as significant habitat modification or degradation that significantly impairs essential behavioral patterns, including breeding, feeding or sheltering . Take prohibitions also protect migratory birds under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act MBTA ). 
 The dunes sagebrush lizard is one example of a species that, if listed as endangered or threatened under the ESA, could impact our operations or the operations of our customers. The dunes sagebrush lizard is found in the active and semi-stable shinnery oak dunes of southeastern New Mexico and adjacent portions of Texas, including areas where our customers operate and our frac sand facilities may be located. On July 3, 2023, The United States Fish and Wildlife Service USFWS proposed to list the dunes sagebrush lizard as an endangered species, and the USFWS is expected to issue a final listing rule or withdrawal of the proposed rule within one year. In turn, if the dunes sagebrush lizard is listed, our operations and the operations of our customers in any area that is designated as the dunes sagebrush lizard s habitat may be limited, delayed or, in some circumstances, prohibited, and our customers could be required to comply with expensive conservation measures intended to protect the dunes sagebrush lizard and its habitat. 
 The USFWS has approved several Enhancement of Survival Permits that allow operations in designated habitats to continue if the dunes sagebrush lizard is listed provided that qualification criteria and conservation measures required by such permits are met. One such permit is referred to as the Texas Conservation Plan TCP ). The TCP was developed as a voluntary conservation plan for the dunes sagebrush lizard by the Texas Comptroller, which served as the permit holder until the transfer of the TCP to a new permit holder in September 2020. Smart Sand is a participant in the TCP and has enrolled 2,713-acres of its land in Winkler, County, Texas. In January 2021, the USFWS issued a second Enhancement of Survival Permit for operations in West Texas that may affect the dunes sagebrush lizard. These permits cover incidental take of the habitat of the dunes sagebrush lizard associated with oil and gas exploration and development, sand mining, renewable energy development and operations, pipeline construction and operations, local government activities, agricultural activities, and general construction activities within the permit area that could affect suitable habitat. Smart Sand s enrollment in the TCP minimizes the potential that new or more stringent conservation measures or land, water, or resource use restrictions beyond the measures and restrictions in the TCP may be required for that property. 
 Another species whose recent listing could impact our operations and the operations of our customers is the lesser prairie-chicken. In November 2022, the USFWS formally listed two Distinct Population Segments DPSs of the lesser prairie-chicken under the ESA. The Southern DPS, the habitat of which includes portions of southeast New Mexico and western Texas, was listed as endangered, while the Northern DPS, the habitat of which spans from northern Texas, through eastern Oklahoma, and into southeastern Colorado and southwestern Nebraska, was listed as threatened. The listed territory of the Southern DPS could overlap with the operating areas of some of our customers. 
 To the extent species are listed under the ESA or similar state laws, or are protected under the MBTA, or previously unprotected species are designated as threatened or endangered in areas where we or our customers operate, we could experience increased costs arising from species protection measures and delays or limitations in our or our customers performance of operations, which could adversely affect or reduce demand for our frac sand. 
 Mining and Workplace Safety 
 Our sand mining operations are subject to mining safety regulation. The U.S. Mining Safety and Health Administration MSHA is the primary regulatory organization governing frac sand mining and processing. Accordingly, MSHA regulates quarries, surface mines, underground mines and the industrial mineral processing facilities associated with and located at quarries and mines. The mission of MSHA is to administer the provisions of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 as amended by the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response (MINER) Act of 2006 and to enforce compliance with mandatory miner safety and health standards. As part of MSHA s oversight, representatives perform at least two unannounced inspections annually for each above-ground facility. 
 OSHA has promulgated rules for workplace exposure to respirable silica for several other industries. Respirable silica is a known health hazard for workers exposed over long periods. In 2023, MSHA proposed similar rules, which would, among other updates, reduce the exposure limits, require immediate corrective actions if exposure limits are exceeded, require exposure sampling and no-cost medical surveillance, and update respiratory protection requirements. Additionally, in June 2022, the MSHA launched a new enforcement initiative to better protect U.S. miners from health hazards resulting from repeated overexposure to respirable crystalline silica. As part of the program, MSHA will conduct silica dust-related mine inspections and expand silica sampling at mines, while providing mine operators with compliance assistance and best practices to limit miners exposure to silica dust. Specifically, the silica enforcement initiative includes: 
 18 

Spot inspections at mines with a history of repeated silica overexposures to closely monitor and evaluate health and safety conditions. 
 Increased oversight and enforcement of known silica hazards at mines with previous citations for exposing miners to silica dust levels over the existing permissible exposure limit of 100 micrograms. For mines where the operator has not timely abated hazards, MSHA will issue a withdrawal order until the silica overexposure hazard has been abated. 
 Expanded silica sampling at mines to ensure inspectors samples represent the mines, commodities, and occupations known to have the highest risk for overexposure. 
 A focus on sampling during periods of the mining process that present the highest risk of silica exposure for miners. 
 Reminding miners about their rights to report hazardous health conditions, including any attempt to tamper with the sampling process. 
 Airborne respirable silica is associated with work areas at our site and is monitored closely through routine testing and MSHA inspection. If the workplace exposure limit is lowered significantly, we may be required to incur certain capital expenditures for equipment to reduce this exposure. Smart Sand also adheres to the NISA s respiratory protection program, and ensures that workers are provided with fitted respirators and ongoing radiological monitoring. 
 Environmental Reviews 
 Our operations may be subject to broad environmental review under the National Environmental Policy Act, as amended, NEPA ). NEPA requires federal agencies to evaluate the environmental impact of all major federal actions significantly affecting the quality of the human environment. The granting of a federal permit for a major development project, such as a mining operation, may be considered a major federal action that requires review under NEPA. As part of this evaluation, the federal agency considers a broad array of environmental impacts, including, among other things, impacts on air quality, water quality, wildlife (including threatened and endangered species), historic and archeological resources, geology, socioeconomics, and aesthetics. NEPA also requires the consideration of alternatives to the project. The NEPA review process, especially the preparation of a full environmental impact statement, can be time consuming and expensive. The purpose of the NEPA review process is to inform federal agencies decision-making on whether federal approval should be granted for a project and to provide the public with an opportunity to comment on the environmental impacts of a proposed project. Though NEPA requires only that an environmental evaluation be conducted and does not mandate a particular result, a federal agency could decide to deny a permit or impose certain conditions on its approval, based on its environmental review under NEPA, or a third party could challenge the adequacy of a NEPA review and thereby delay the issuance of a federal permit or approval. In January 2020, the White House Council on Environmental Quality CEQ published a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that would revise NEPA s implementing regulations, with the stated purpose of facilitating more efficient and timely NEPA reviews. In July 2020, CEQ issued a final rule implementing the January 2020 proposal. However, several states and environmental groups filed challenges to this rulemaking. CEQ issued an Interim Final Rule in June 2021, which extended the deadline by two years (to September 14, 2023) for federal agencies to develop or update their NEPA implementing procedures to conform to the CEQ regulations. Additionally, in October 2021, the CEQ issued a notice of proposed rulemaking to reintroduce certain requirements removed or reduced by the July 2020 amendments, and the Infrastructure and Investment Jobs Act, Pub.L. 117-58, signed into law in November 2021, codified some of the July 2020 amendments in statutory text. In April 2022, CEQ issued the Phase 1 Final Rule, which finalizes a narrow set of changes to generally restore regulatory provisions that were in effect for decades before the 2020 rule modified them for the first time. In June 2023, the Fiscal Responsibility Act, which reforms NEPA, was signed into law by President Biden, and in July of 2023, CEQ proposed the Phase 2 Rule, which is intended to accelerate the permitting process and would, among other changes, clarify which projects require environmental impact statements and that agencies must consider climate change as part of the review process. At this time, we cannot predict what further revisions, if any, will be made to NEPA s implementing regulations, and what impacts, if any, they will have on our operations. 
 State and Local Regulation 
 We are subject to a variety of state and local environmental review and permitting requirements. Some states, including Wisconsin where our current projects are located, have state laws similar to NEPA; thus, our development of a new site or the expansion of an existing site may be subject to comprehensive state environmental reviews even if it is not subject to NEPA. In some cases, the state environmental review may be more stringent than the federal review. Our operations may require state-law based permits in addition to federal permits, requiring state agencies to consider a range of issues, many the same as federal agencies, including, among other things, a project s impact on wildlife and their habitats, historic and archaeological sites, aesthetics, agricultural operations, and scenic areas. Wisconsin has specific permitting and review processes for commercial silica mining operations, and state agencies may impose different or additional monitoring or mitigation requirements than 
 19 

federal agencies. The development of new sites and our existing operations also are subject to a variety of local environmental and regulatory requirements, including land use, zoning, building, and transportation requirements. 
 Demand for frac sand in the oil and natural gas industry drove a significant increase in the production of frac sand. As a result, some local communities expressed concern regarding silica sand mining operations. These concerns have generally included exposure to ambient silica sand dust, truck traffic, water usage and blasting. In response, certain state and local communities have developed or are in the process of developing regulations or zoning restrictions intended to minimize dust from becoming airborne, control the flow of truck traffic, significantly curtail the amount of practicable area for mining activities, provide compensation to local residents for potential impacts of mining activities and, in some cases, ban issuance of new permits for mining activities. To date, we have not experienced any material impact to our existing mining operations or planned capacity expansions as a result of these types of concerns. We would expect this trend to continue as oil and natural gas production increases. 
 In August 2014, we were accepted as a Tier 1 participant in Wisconsin s voluntary Green Tier program, which encourages, recognizes and rewards companies for voluntarily exceeding environmental, health and safety legal requirements. Successful Tier 1 participants are required to demonstrate a strong record of environmental compliance, develop and implement an environmental management system meeting certain criteria, conduct and submit annual performance reviews to the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources, promptly correct any findings of non-compliance discovered during these annual performance reviews, and make certain commitments regarding future environmental program improvements. Our most recent annual report required under the Tier 1 protocol was submitted to the Green Tier Program contact on March 2023. 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2023, we employed 378 people, of which 42 were employed under collective bargaining agreements. The current collective bargaining agreements expire April 30, 2024. We offer competitive salaries and a comprehensive package of employee benefits, including bonuses, retirement savings plans, medical, dental, life and disability coverage. We consider our employee relations to be good. 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 Charles E. Young 
 Charles E. Young was named Chief Executive Officer in July 2014. Mr. Young has also served as a director since September 2011. Mr. Young founded Smart Sand, LLC (our predecessor) and served as its President from November 2009 to August 2011. Mr. Young served as our President and Secretary from September 2011 to July 2014. Mr. Young has over 25 years of executive and entrepreneurial experience in the high-technology, telecommunications and renewable energy industries. He previously served as the President and Founder of Premier Building Systems, a construction, solar, geothermal and energy audit company in Pennsylvania and New Jersey from 2006 to 2011. Mr. Young serves as a director for Gravity Oilfield Services, Inc., a privately-held company. Mr. Young received a B.A. in Political Science from Miami University. Mr. Young is the brother of William John Young, our Chief Operating Officer, and James D. Young, our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. We believe that Mr. Young s industry experience and deep knowledge of our business makes him well suited to serve as Chief Executive Officer and Director. 
 Lee E. Beckelman 
 Lee E. Beckelman was named Chief Financial Officer in August 2014. From December 2009 to February 2014, Mr. Beckelman served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Hilcorp Energy Company, an exploration and production company. From February 2008 to October 2009, he served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Price Gregory Services, Incorporated, a crude oil and natural gas pipeline construction firm until its sale to Quanta Services. Prior thereto, Mr. Beckelman served in various roles from 2002 to 2007 at Hanover Compressor Company, an international oilfield service company, until its merger with Universal Compression to form Exterran Holdings. Mr. Beckelman received his BBA in Finance with High Honors from the University of Texas at Austin. 
 William John Young 
 William John Young was named Chief Operating Officer in April 2018. Prior to that time, he served as Executive Vice President of Sales and Logistics from October 2016 to April 2018. Mr. Young served as Vice President of Sales and Logistics from May 2014 to September 2016 and Director of Sales from November 2011 to April 2014. Prior to joining us, Mr. Young was a Director of Sales for Comcast Corporation from 2002 to 2011. Mr. Young brings over 25 years of experience in the mining, commercial telecommunications and broadband industries. Mr. Young received a BSc in Biology from Dalhousie 
 20 

University. Mr. Young is the brother of Charles E. Young, our Chief Executive Officer and member of our board of directors, and James D. Young, our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. 
 Robert Kiszka 
 Robert Kiszka was named Executive Vice President of Operations in May 2014. Previously, Mr. Kiszka served as the Vice President of Operations from September 2011 to May 2014. Mr. Kiszka has over 25 years of construction, real estate, renewable energy and mining experience. Mr. Kiszka has been the owner of A-1 Bracket Group Inc. since 2005 and was a member of Premier Building Systems LLC from 2010 to 2011. Mr. Kiszka attended Pedagogical University in Krakow, Poland and Rutgers University. 
 Ronald P. Whelan 
 Ronald P. Whelan was named Executive Vice President of Sales in June 2018. Prior to that time, he served as Executive Vice President of Business Development from April 2017 to June 2018, Vice President of Business Development from September 2016 to March 2017 and as Director of Business Development from April 2014 to August 2016. Prior to being named Director of Business Development, Mr. Whelan was the Operations Manager responsible for the design, development and production of the Oakdale facility from November 2011 to April 2014. Before joining Smart Sand, Mr. Whelan ran his own software design company from 2004 to 2011 and was a member of Premier Building Systems LLC from 2008 to 2009. Mr. Whelan has over 20 years of entrepreneurial experience in mining, technology and renewable energy industries. Mr. Whelan received a B.A. in Marketing from Bloomsburg University and M.S. in Instructional Technology from Bloomsburg University. 
 James D. Young 
 James D. Young was named Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in June 2017. Prior to joining us, Mr. Young was a partner of the law firm Fox Rothschild LLP, where he worked for thirteen years and served as our outside general counsel. Mr. Young received a J.D. from Rutgers University School of Law and a B.A. in History and Political Science from the University of Toronto. Mr. Young is the brother of Charles E. Young, our Chief Executive Officer and member of our board of directors, and William John Young, our Chief Operating Officer. 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.smartsand.com . Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports are available on our website, without charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed electronically with the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information statements and other information regarding issuers who file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s website address is www.sec.gov . 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Risks Inherent in Our Business 
 Our business and financial performance depend on the level of activity in the oil and natural gas industry. 
 Substantially all of our revenues are derived from sales to companies in the oil and natural gas industry. As a result, our operations are dependent on the levels of activity in oil and natural gas exploration, development and production and prevailing oil and natural gas prices. More specifically, the demand for the proppants we produce and our wellsite storage and proppant management solutions is closely related to the number of oil and natural gas wells completed in geological formations where sand-based proppants are used in fracturing activities. These activity levels are affected by both short- and long-term trends in oil and natural gas prices, among other factors. 
 Oil and natural gas prices and, therefore, the level of exploration, development and production activity, experienced a high level of volatility in recent years. 
 A prolonged reduction in oil and natural gas prices or a sustained lack of key resources that affect drilling activity, whether due to recession, political developments or other events, would generally depress the level of oil and natural gas exploration, development, production and well completion activity and would result in a corresponding decline in the demand for the proppants we produce and our wellsite proppant storage solutions. Such a decline would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. The commercial development of economically viable alternative energy sources (such as wind, solar, geothermal, tidal, batteries, fuel cells and biofuels) could have a similar effect. In addition, certain U.S. federal income tax deductions currently available with respect to oil and natural gas exploration and development 
 21 

may be eliminated. Any future decreases in the rate at which oil and natural gas reserves are discovered or developed, whether due to the passage of legislation, increased governmental regulation leading to limitations, or prohibitions on exploration and drilling activity, including hydraulic fracturing, or other factors, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition, even in a stronger oil and natural gas price environment. 
 
 A significant portion of our revenues have been generated with a limited number of customers, and the loss of, material nonpayment or nonperformance by or significant reduction in purchases by any of them could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 A material portion of our revenues are generated from a limited number of customers. The ability or willingness of each of our customers to maintain their purchases from us will depend on a number of factors that are beyond our control and may include, among other things, the overall operations and financial condition of the counterparty, the condition of the U.S. oil and natural gas exploration and production industry, continuing use of frac sand in hydraulic fracturing operations and general economic conditions. In addition, in depressed market conditions, our customers may reduce the amount of sand they purchase from us or they may be able to obtain comparable products at a lower price. If our customers with long-term contracts experience a significant downturn in their business or financial condition, they may attempt to renegotiate our contracts. For example, certain of our existing contracts were adjusted in 2020 due to effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, resulting in a combination of reduced average selling prices per ton, adjustments to take-or-pay volumes and length of contract. If any of our major customers substantially reduces or altogether ceases purchasing our sand and we are not able to generate replacement sales of sand into the market, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected until such time as we generate replacement sales in the market. In addition, as contracts expire, depending on market conditions at the time, our contracted customers may choose not to extend these contracts which could lead to a significant reduction of sales volumes and corresponding revenues, cash flows and financial condition if we are not able to replace these contracts with new sales volumes. Even if we were to replace any lost volumes, lower prices for our product could materially reduce our revenues, cash flow and financial condition. Additionally, consolidation and vertical integration of pressure pumpers and exploration and production companies continues in the industry and this trend could lead to fewer overall customers for us to market sand to and negatively impact our sales volumes. 
 We are exposed to the credit risk of our customers, and any material nonpayment or nonperformance by our customers could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to the risk of loss resulting from nonpayment or nonperformance by our customers. Our credit procedures and policies may not be adequate to fully eliminate customer credit risk. If we fail to adequately assess the creditworthiness of existing or future customers or unanticipated deterioration in their creditworthiness, any resulting increase in nonpayment or nonperformance by them and our inability to re-market or otherwise use the production could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. A decline in natural gas and crude oil prices could negatively impact the financial condition of our customers and sustained lower prices could impact their ability to meet their financial obligations to us. Further, our contract counterparties may not perform or adhere to our existing or future contractual arrangements. To the extent one or more of our contract counterparties is in financial distress or commences bankruptcy proceedings, contracts with these counterparties may be subject to renegotiation or rejection under applicable provisions of the United States Bankruptcy Code. Any material nonpayment or nonperformance by our contract counterparties due to inability or unwillingness to perform or adhere to contractual arrangements could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We face significant competition that may cause us to lose market share. 
 The proppant industry is highly competitive. The proppant market is characterized by a small number of large, national producers and a larger number of small, regional or local producers. Competition in this industry is based on price, consistency and quality of product, site location, distribution and logistics capabilities, customer service, reliability of supply, breadth of product offering (including wellsite storage products and services) and technical support. 
 Some of our competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do. Also, certain of our competitors have emerged from bankruptcy in recent years and may be able to offer more attractive pricing as a result of lower debt obligations. In addition, our larger competitors may develop technology superior to ours or may have production facilities that offer lower-cost transportation to certain customer locations than we do. When the demand for hydraulic fracturing services decreases or the supply of proppant available in the market increases, prices in the frac sand market can materially decrease. Furthermore, oil and natural gas exploration and production companies and other providers of hydraulic fracturing services have acquired and in the future may acquire their own frac sand reserves to fulfill their proppant requirements, and these other market participants may expand their existing frac sand production capacity, all of which would negatively impact demand for our frac sand. In addition, increased competition in the proppant industry could have an adverse impact on our ability to enter into long-term contracts or to enter into contracts on favorable terms. For example, supplies of regional frac sand from our competitors became 
 22 

available in 2018, starting in the Permian Basin of West Texas, and have continued to expand to certain other basins in or near where we sell sand. Regional frac sand has had a negative impact on our ability to sell our Northern White Sand in the Permian Basin or other markets in close proximity to these regional mines. The reduced ability to sell sand in operating basins with regional sand supply has led to increased competition among our competitors in other basins and could lead to pressure to reduce prices to compete effectively. 
 We may be required to make substantial capital expenditures to maintain and grow our asset base. We may not realize enough of a return on such capital expenditures to cover their costs. Also, the inability to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms, or at all, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We rely on cash generated from our operations and the availability of credit to fund our capital expenditures. We have made significant capital expenditures, and expect to make additional capital expenditures in the future. We cannot provide any assurance that we will receive an adequate return on such capital expenditures. 
 In addition, our ability to maintain existing debt financing or to access the capital markets for future equity or debt offerings may be limited by our financial condition at the time of any such financing or offering, the covenants or borrowing base restrictions contained in our ABL Credit Facility or other current or future debt agreements, adverse market conditions or other contingencies and uncertainties that are beyond our control. Our failure to obtain the funds necessary to maintain, develop and increase our asset base could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Even if we are able to maintain existing financing or access the capital markets, incurring additional debt may significantly increase our interest expense and financial leverage, and our level of indebtedness could restrict our ability to fund future development and acquisition activities. In addition, the issuance of additional equity interests may result in significant dilution to our existing common stockholders. 
 Inaccuracies in estimates of volumes and qualities of our sand reserves could result in lower than expected sales and higher than expected cost of production. 
 We rely on our independent reserve engineers prepared estimates of our reserves based on engineering, economic and geological data assembled and analyzed by our engineers and geologists. However, frac sand reserve estimates are by nature imprecise and depend to some extent on statistical inferences drawn from available data, which may prove unreliable. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities and qualities of reserves and non-reserve frac sand deposits and costs to mine recoverable reserves, including many factors beyond our control. Estimates of economically recoverable frac sand reserves necessarily depend on a number of factors and assumptions, all of which may vary considerably from actual results, such as: 
 geological and mining conditions and/or effects from prior mining that may not be fully identified by available data or that may differ from experience; 
 assumptions concerning future prices of frac sand, operating costs, mining technology improvements, development costs and reclamation costs; and 
 assumptions concerning future effects of regulation, including wetland mitigation requirements, the issuance of required permits and the assessment of taxes by governmental agencies. 
 Any inaccuracy in our independent reserve engineer s estimates related to our frac sand reserves or non-reserve frac sand deposits could result in lower than expected sales or higher than expected costs. For example, estimates of our proven and probable recoverable sand reserves assume that our revenue and cost structure will remain relatively constant over the life of our reserves. If these assumptions prove to be inaccurate, some or all of our reserves may not be economically mineable, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. In addition, our current customer contracts require us to deliver frac sand that meets certain specifications. If estimates of the quality of our reserves, including the volumes of the various specifications of those reserves, prove to be inaccurate, we may incur significantly higher excavation costs without corresponding increases in revenues, we may not be able to meet our contractual obligations, or our facilities may have a shorter than expected reserve life, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our sand is currently produced at three facilities and our sales are dependent on delivery by railroads. Any adverse developments at our production facilities, rail terminals, or on any rail line could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 All of our sand sales are currently produced at our facilities near Oakdale, Wisconsin, Utica, Illinois and Blair, Wisconsin. We ship a substantial portion of our sand through our rail terminals. Any adverse development at these facilities, 
 23 

our rail terminals, or on any of the rail lines we use to deliver our sand due to catastrophic events, weather, or any other event that would cause us to curtail, suspend or terminate operations at such facilities or terminals, could result in us being unable to meet our contracted sand deliveries. Although we have access to more than one Class I rail line, we may not be able to facilitate all shipments of product from one facility. We maintain insurance coverage to cover a portion of these types of risks; however, there are potential risks associated with our operations not covered by insurance. There also may be certain risks covered by insurance where the policy does not reimburse us for all of the costs related to a loss. Downtime or other delays or interruptions to our operations that are not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, under our long-term take-or-pay contracts, if we are unable to deliver contracted volumes and a customer arranges for delivery from a third party at a higher price, we may be required to pay that customer the difference between our contract price and the price of the third-party product. 
 If we are unable to make acquisitions on economically acceptable terms, our future growth would be limited. 
 A portion of our strategy to grow our business is dependent on our ability to make acquisitions. If we are unable to make acquisitions from third parties because we are unable to identify attractive acquisition candidates or negotiate acceptable purchase contracts, we are unable to obtain financing for these acquisitions on economically acceptable terms or we are outbid by competitors, our future growth may be limited. Any acquisition involves potential risks, some of which are beyond our control, including, among other things: 
 mistaken assumptions about revenues and costs, including synergies; 
 inability to integrate successfully the businesses we acquire; 
 inability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel to manage and operate our business and newly acquired assets; 
 the assumption of unknown liabilities; 
 limitations on rights to indemnity from the seller; 
 mistaken assumptions about the overall costs of equity or debt; 
 diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; 
 unforeseen difficulties operating in new product areas or new geographic areas; and 
 customer or key employee losses at the acquired businesses. 
 If we consummate any future acquisitions, our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly, and common stockholders will not have the opportunity to evaluate the economic, financial and other relevant information that we will consider in determining the application of these funds and other resources. 
 Restrictions in our ABL Credit Facility may limit our ability to capitalize on potential acquisition and other business opportunities. 
 The operating and financial restrictions and covenants in our ABL Credit Facility could restrict our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to expand or pursue our business activities. For example, our ABL Credit Facility restricts or limits our ability to: 
 grant liens; 
 incur additional indebtedness; 
 engage in a merger, consolidation or dissolution; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 sell or otherwise dispose of assets, businesses and operations; 
 materially alter the character of our business as conducted at the time of filing of this annual report; and 
 make acquisitions, investments and capital expenditures. 
 24 

Furthermore, the borrowing base under our ABL Credit Facility is recalculated from time to time based on our eligible accounts receivable and inventory. Decreases in our eligible accounts receivable and inventory may limit our available borrowing levels and may require us to comply with certain financial ratios. 
 We may not be able to renew the ABL Credit Facility or secure a new credit facility on favorable terms, or at all, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or cash flows. 
 We have historically relied on third-party financing to meet our seasonal cash flow requirements. Our ABL Credit Facility is set to expire on December 13, 2024. If we are unable to renew our ABL Credit Facility or secure a new credit facility on favorable terms, or at all, our ability to fund our operations would be impaired, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or cash flows. 
 We face distribution and logistical challenges in our business. 
 Transportation and logistical operating expenses comprise a significant portion of the costs incurred by our customers to deliver frac sand to the wellhead, which could favor suppliers located in close proximity to the customer. As oil and natural gas prices fluctuate, our customers may shift their focus to different resource plays, some of which may be located in geographic areas that do not have well-developed transportation and distribution infrastructure systems, or seek contracts with additional delivery and pricing alternatives including contracts that sell product on an as-delivered basis at the target shale basin. Serving our customers in these less-developed areas presents distribution and other operational challenges that may affect our sales and negatively impact our operating costs and any delays we experience in optimizing our logistics infrastructure or developing additional origination and destination points may adversely affect our ability to renew existing contracts with customers seeking additional delivery and pricing alternatives. Disruptions in transportation services, including shortages of railcars, lack of developed infrastructure, weather-related problems, flooding, drought, accidents, mechanical difficulties, strikes, lockouts, bottlenecks, environmental restrictions or other events could affect our ability to timely and cost effectively deliver to our customers and could temporarily impair the ability of our customers to take delivery and, in certain circumstances, constitute a force majeure event under our customer contracts, permitting our customers to suspend taking delivery of and paying for our frac sand (and in some cases terminating the agreement after a period of time). Additionally, increases in the price of transportation costs, including freight charges, fuel surcharges, transloading fees, terminal switch fees and demurrage costs, could negatively impact operating costs if we are unable to pass those increased costs along to our customers. Accordingly, because we are so dependent on rail infrastructure, if there are disruptions of the rail transportation services utilized by us or our customers, and we or our customers are unable to find alternative transportation providers to transport our products, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Further, declining volumes could result in railcar over-capacity, which would lead to railcar storage fees while, at the same time, we would continue to incur lease costs for those railcars in storage. Failure to find long-term solutions to these logistical challenges could adversely affect our ability to respond quickly to the needs of our customers or result in additional increased costs, and thus could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may be adversely affected by decreased demand for frac sand due to the development of effective alternative proppants or new processes to replace hydraulic fracturing. 
 Frac sand is a proppant used in the completion and re-completion of oil and natural gas wells to stimulate and maintain oil and natural gas production through the process of hydraulic fracturing. Frac sand is the most commonly used proppant and is less expensive than other proppants, such as resin-coated sand and manufactured ceramics. A significant shift in demand from frac sand to other proppants, or the development of new processes to make hydraulic fracturing more efficient that could replace it altogether, could cause a decline in the demand for the frac sand we produce and result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 An increase in the supply of frac sand having similar characteristics as the frac sand we produce could make it more difficult for us to maintain sales with existing customers or obtain new customers on favorable terms, or at all. 
 If significant new reserves of frac sand are discovered and developed, and those frac sands have similar characteristics to the frac sand we produce, we may be unable to maintain sales with our existing customers, obtain new customers on favorable terms, or at all. Specifically, if frac sand is oversupplied, our customers may reduce their sales volumes, may not be willing to purchase sand from us, may demand lower prices, any one or combination of the preceding could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, new supplies of regional frac sand from our competitors became available in 2018, primarily in the Permian Basin of West Texas. Since then, other regional frac sand mines have opened in or near additional basins where we sell sand. These new supplies have had a negative impact on our ability to sell our Northern White Sand in the Permian Basin or other markets in close proximity to these regional mines. 
 25 

Our operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions for which we may not be adequately insured. 
 Our operations are exposed to potential natural disasters, including blizzards, tornadoes, storms, floods, other adverse weather conditions and earthquakes. In addition, our employees could be subject to a COVID-19 or other outbreak at one or more of our facilities. If any of these events were to occur, we could incur substantial losses because of operational downtime, personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment, and pollution or other environmental damage resulting in curtailment or suspension of our operations. 
 We are not fully insured against all risks incident to our business, including the risk of our operations being interrupted due to severe weather and natural disasters. Furthermore, we may be unable to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates. As a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for some of our insurance policies have increased and could escalate further. In addition, sub-limits have been imposed for certain risks. In some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we are not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our production process consumes large amounts of natural gas and electricity. An increase in the price or a significant interruption in the supply of these or any other energy sources could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Energy costs, primarily natural gas and electricity, represented approximately 6.4 of our total cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2023. Natural gas is currently the primary fuel source used for drying in our frac sand production process. As a result, our profitability will be impacted by the price and availability of natural gas we purchase from third parties. Because we have not contracted for all of our natural gas usage on a fixed-price basis, our costs and profitability will be impacted by fluctuations in prices for natural gas. The price and supply of natural gas is unpredictable and can fluctuate significantly based on domestic, international, political and economic circumstances, as well as other events outside our control, such as changes in supply and demand due to weather conditions, actions by OPEC, governmental regulations and sanctions, regional production patterns, security threats and environmental concerns. In addition, potential climate change regulations or carbon or emissions taxes could result in higher cost of production for energy, which may be passed on to us in whole or in part. In order to manage the risk of volatile natural gas prices, we may hedge natural gas prices through the use of fixed price supply contracts or derivative financial instruments, such as forwards, swaps and futures. However, these measures carry risk (including nonperformance by counterparties) and do not in any event entirely eliminate the risk of decreased margins as a result natural gas price increases. We further attempt to mitigate these risks by including in our sales contracts fuel surcharges based on natural gas prices exceeding certain benchmarks. A significant increase in the price of energy that is not recovered through an increase in the price of our products or covered through our hedging arrangements or an extended interruption in the supply of natural gas or electricity to our production facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Increases in the price of diesel fuel may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Diesel fuel costs generally fluctuate with increasing and decreasing world crude oil prices and, accordingly, are subject to political, economic and market factors that are outside of our control. Our operations are dependent on earth moving equipment, locomotives and tractor trailers, and diesel fuel costs are a significant component of the operating expense of these vehicles. Accordingly, increased diesel fuel costs could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 A facility closure entails substantial costs, and if we close any of our facilities sooner than anticipated, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 We base our assumptions regarding the life of our facilities on detailed studies that we perform from time to time, but our studies and assumptions may not prove to be accurate. If we close any of our operating facilities sooner than expected, sales may decline. The closure of our operating facilities would involve significant fixed closure costs, including accelerated employment legacy costs, severance-related obligations, reclamation and other environmental costs and the costs of terminating long-term obligations, including energy contracts and equipment leases. We accrue for the costs of reclaiming open pits, stockpiles, non-saleable sand, ponds, roads and other mining support areas over the estimated mining life of our property. If we were to reduce the estimated life of our operating facilities, the fixed facility closure costs would be applied to a shorter period of production, which would increase the cost of production per ton produced and could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 26 

Applicable statutes and regulations require that mining property be reclaimed following a mine closure in accordance with specified standards and an approved reclamation plan. The plan addresses matters such as removal of facilities and equipment, regrading, prevention of erosion and other forms of water pollution, re-vegetation and post-mining land use. We may be required to post a surety bond or other form of financial assurance equal to the cost of reclamation as set forth in the approved reclamation plan. The establishment of the final mine closure reclamation liability is based on estimated costs and requires various estimates and assumptions. If our accruals for expected reclamation and other costs associated with facility closures for which we will be responsible were later determined to be insufficient, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 Our operations are dependent on our rights and ability to mine our properties and on our having renewed or received the required permits and approvals from governmental authorities and other third parties. 
 We hold numerous governmental, environmental, mining and other permits, water rights and approvals authorizing operations at our mining and operating facilities. For our extraction and processing in Wisconsin and Illinois, we must obtain permits from various federal, tribal, state and local authorities. For example, at the federal level, a Mine Identification Request (MSHA Form 7000-51) must be filed and obtained before mining commences. If wetlands are impacted, a permit from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is required. At the state level, a series of permits are required related to air quality, wetlands, water quality (waste water, storm water), grading permits, protected species, archeological assessments and high capacity wells in addition to others depending upon site specific factors and operational detail. At the local level, zoning, building, storm water, erosion control, wellhead protection, road usage and access are all regulated and require permitting to some degree. A non-metallic mining reclamation permit is required. Certain permits or approvals may also require consultation with federal, state, tribal, or local authorities. A decision by a governmental agency or other third party to deny or delay issuing a new or renewed permit or approval, or to revoke or substantially modify an existing permit or approval, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Title to, and the area of, mineral properties and water rights may also be disputed. Mineral properties sometimes contain claims or transfer histories that examiners cannot verify. A successful claim that we do not have title to our property or lack appropriate water rights could cause us to lose any rights to explore, develop and extract minerals, without compensation for our prior expenditures relating to such property. Our business may suffer a material adverse effect in the event we have title deficiencies. 
 A shortage of skilled labor together with rising labor costs in the excavation industry may further increase operating costs, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Efficient sand excavation using modern techniques and equipment requires skilled laborers, preferably with several years of experience and proficiency in multiple tasks, including processing of mined minerals. If there is a shortage of experienced labor in areas in which we operate, we may find it difficult to hire or train the necessary number of skilled laborers to perform our own operations which could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The manufacturing and maintenance of our SmartSystems equipment requires skilled and experienced personnel who can perform physically demanding work. Our ability to operate the manufacturing facility in Saskatoon depends upon our ability to have access to the services of skilled workers. The demand for skilled workers is high, and the supply is limited. As a result, competition for experienced personnel is intense, and a significant increase in the wages paid by competing employers could result in a reduction of our skilled labor force, increases in the rates that we must pay or both. If either of these events were to occur, there could be an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business may suffer if we lose, or are unable to attract and retain, key personnel. 
 We depend to a large extent on the services of our senior management team and other key personnel. Members of our senior management and other key employees bring significant experience to the market environment in which we operate. Competition for management and key personnel is intense, and the pool of qualified candidates is limited. The loss of any of these individuals or the failure to attract additional personnel, as needed, could have a material adverse effect on our operations and could lead to higher labor costs or the use of less-qualified personnel. In addition, if any of our executives or other key employees were to join a competitor or form a competing company, we could lose customers, suppliers, know-how and key personnel. We do not maintain key-man life insurance with respect to any of our employees. Our success is dependent on our ability to continue to attract, employ and retain highly skilled personnel. 
 Our profitability could be negatively affected if we fail to maintain satisfactory labor relations. 
 As of December 31, 2023, 42 employees in our Illinois facility operated under a collective bargaining agreement. Our collective bargaining agreement expires April 30, 2024. While we intend to renew the collective bargaining agreement, if we 
 27 

are unable to renegotiate acceptable terms with these employees in the future, we could experience, among other things, strikes, work stoppages or other slowdowns by our workers and increased operating costs as a result of higher wages, health care costs or benefits paid to our employees. An inability to maintain good relations with our workforce could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Failure to maintain effective quality control systems at our mining, processing and production facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The performance and quality of our products are critical to the success of our business. These factors depend significantly on the effectiveness of our quality control systems, which, in turn, depends on a number of factors, including the design of our quality control systems, our quality-training program and our ability to ensure that our employees adhere to our quality control policies and guidelines. Any significant failure or deterioration of our quality control systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Seasonal and severe weather conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business could be materially adversely affected by severe weather conditions. Severe weather conditions may affect our customers operations, thus reducing their need for our products, impact our operations by resulting in weather-related damage to our facilities and equipment and impact our customers ability to take delivery of our products at our plant site. Any weather-related interference with our operations could force us to delay or curtail services and potentially breach our contractual obligations to deliver minimum volumes or result in a loss of productivity and an increase in our operating costs. 
 In addition, winter weather conditions impact our operations by causing us to reduce our excavation and wet plant related production activities during the winter months. During non-winter months, we excavate excess sand to build a stockpile that will feed the dry plants (along with the sand provided by our year-round wet plant), which continue to operate during the winter months. Unexpected winter conditions (such as winter arriving earlier than expected or lasting longer than expected) may result in us not having a sufficient sand stockpile to operate our dry plants during winter months, which could result in us being unable to deliver our contracted sand amounts during such time and lead to a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our cash flow fluctuates on a seasonal basis. 
 Our cash flow is affected by a variety of factors, including weather conditions and seasonal periods. Seasonal fluctuations in weather impact the production levels at our wet processing plant. While our sales and finished product production levels are contracted evenly throughout the year, our mining and wet sand processing activities are reduced during winter months. As a consequence, we experience lower cash costs in the first and fourth quarter of each calendar year, and higher cash operating costs in the second and third quarter of each calendar year in which we overproduce to meet demand for the winter months. 
 We do not own the land on which our in-basin transload terminals are located, which could disrupt our operations. 
 We do not own the land on which our in-basin transload terminals are located and instead own a leasehold interest and right-of-way for the operation of these facilities. Upon expiration, termination or other lapse of our current leasehold terms, we may be unable to renew our existing leases or rights-of-way on terms favorable to us, or at all. Any renegotiation on less favorable terms or inability to enter into new leases on economically acceptable terms upon the expiration, termination or other lapse of our current leases or rights-of-way could cause us to cease operations on the affected land, increase costs related to continuing operations elsewhere and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A terrorist attack or armed conflict could harm our business. 
 Global and domestic terrorist activities, anti-terrorist efforts and other armed conflicts could adversely affect the U.S. and global economies and could prevent us from meeting financial and other obligations. We could experience loss of business, delays or defaults in payments from payors or disruptions of fuel supplies and markets if pipelines, production facilities, processing plants, refineries or transportation facilities are direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terror or war. Such activities could reduce the overall demand for oil and natural gas, which, in turn, could also reduce the demand for our frac sand. Global and domestic terrorist activities and the threat of potential terrorist activities and any resulting physical damage and economic downturn could adversely affect our results of operations, impair our ability to raise capital or otherwise adversely impact our ability to realize certain business strategies. 
 28 

Diminished access to water may adversely affect our operations or the operations of our customers. 
 The mining and processing activities at our facilities require significant amounts of water. Additionally, the development of oil and natural gas properties through fracture stimulation likewise requires significant water use. We have obtained water rights that we currently use to service the activities at our operating facilities, and we plan to obtain all required water rights to service other properties we may develop or acquire in the future. However, the amount of water that we and our customers are entitled to use pursuant to water rights must be determined by the appropriate regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions in which we and our customers operate. Such regulatory authorities may amend the regulations regarding such water rights, increase the cost of maintaining such water rights or eliminate our current water rights, and we and our customers may be unable to retain all or a portion of such water rights. These new regulations, which could also affect local municipalities and other industrial operations, could have a material adverse effect on our operating costs and effectiveness if implemented. Such changes in laws, regulations or government policy and related interpretations pertaining to water rights may alter the environment in which we and our customers do business, which may negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be subject to interruptions or failures in our information technology systems, including cyber-attacks. 
 We rely on sophisticated information technology systems and infrastructure to support our business, including process control technology. Any of these systems may be susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunication failures, usage errors by employees, computer viruses, cyber-attacks or other security breaches, or similar events. If our information technology systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them, and we may suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our operations. 
 We may be the target of attempted cyber-attacks, computer viruses, malicious code, phishing attacks, denial of service attacks and other information security threats. To date, cyber-attacks have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results or business; however, we could suffer material financial or other losses in the future and we are not able to predict the severity of these attacks. The occurrence of a cyber-attack, breach, unauthorized access, misuse, computer virus or other malicious code or other cyber security event could jeopardize or result in the unauthorized disclosure, gathering, monitoring, misuse, corruption, loss or destruction of confidential and other information that belongs to us, our customers, our counterparties, or third-party service providers that is processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks. The occurrence of such an event could also result in damage to our software, computers or systems, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our customers , our counterparties or third parties operations. This could result in significant losses, loss of customers and business opportunities, reputational damage, litigation, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The reliability and capacity of our information technology systems is critical to our operations. Any material disruption in our information technology systems, or delays or difficulties in implementing or integrating new systems or enhancing current systems, could have an adverse effect on our business, and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to fully protect our intellectual property rights, we may suffer a loss in our competitive advantage. 
 The commercial success of our SmartSystems wellsite proppant storage solutions depends on patented and proprietary information and technologies, know-how and other intellectual property. Because of the technical nature of this business, we rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, and restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual property. As of December 31, 2023, we had several patents related to our SmartSystems, including patents related to our silo storage system and patents related to lifting and lowering our storage silos. We customarily enter into confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, consultants and corporate partners and control access to and distribution of our design information, documentation and other patented and proprietary information. In addition, in the future we may develop or acquire additional patents or patent portfolios, which could require significant cash expenditures. However, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our patent or other proprietary rights, or challenge patents or proprietary rights held by us, and pending and future trademark and patent applications may not be approved. Failure to protect, monitor and control the use of our existing intellectual property rights could cause us to lose our competitive advantage and incur significant expenses. It is possible that our competitors or others could independently develop the same or similar technologies or otherwise obtain access to our unpatented technologies. In such case, our trade secrets would not prevent third parties from competing with us. Consequently, our results of operations may be adversely affected. Furthermore, third parties or our employees may infringe or misappropriate our patented or proprietary technologies or other intellectual property rights, which could also harm our business and results of operations. Policing unauthorized use of intellectual property rights can be difficult and expensive, and adequate remedies may not be available. 
 29 

We may be adversely affected by disputes regarding intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 Third parties from time to time may initiate litigation against us by asserting that the conduct of our business infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates intellectual property rights. We may not prevail in any such legal proceedings related to such claims, and our storage systems and related items may be found to infringe, impair, misappropriate, dilute or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others. If we are sued for infringement and lose, we could be required to pay substantial damages and/or be enjoined from using or selling the infringing products or technology. Any legal proceeding concerning intellectual property could be protracted and costly regardless of the merits of any claim and is inherently unpredictable and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, regardless of its outcome. 
 If we were to discover that our technologies or products infringe valid intellectual property rights of third parties, we may need to obtain licenses from these parties or substantially re-engineer our products in order to avoid infringement. We may not be able to obtain the necessary licenses on acceptable terms, or at all, or be able to re-engineer our products successfully. If our inability to obtain required licenses for our technologies or products prevents us from selling our products, that could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We currently rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain equipment and materials to build our SmartSystems, and our reliance on a limited number of suppliers for such equipment and materials exposes us to risks including price and timing of delivery. 
 We currently rely on a limited number of suppliers for equipment and materials to build our SmartSystems. If demand for our systems or the components necessary to build such systems increases or suppliers of equipment face financial distress or bankruptcy, our suppliers may not be able to provide such equipment on schedule at the current price or at all. In particular, steel is the principal raw material used in the manufacture of our systems, and the price of steel has historically fluctuated on a cyclical basis and will depend on a variety of factors over which we have no control, including trade tariffs. Additionally, we depend on a limited number of suppliers for certain mechanical and electrical components that we use in our systems which may not have direct replacements available from alternate suppliers. If our suppliers are unable to provide the raw materials and components needed to build our systems on schedule at the current price or at all, we could be required to seek other suppliers for the raw materials and components needed to build and operate our systems, which may adversely affect our revenues or increase our costs. Any inability to find alternative components at prices or with quality specifications similar to those deployed today could result in delays or a loss of customers. 
 Unsatisfactory safety performance may negatively affect our customer relationships and, to the extent we fail to retain existing customers or attract new customers, adversely impact our revenues. 
 Our ability to retain existing customers and attract new business is dependent on many factors, including our ability to demonstrate that we can reliably and safely operate all aspects of our business in a manner that is consistent with applicable laws, rules and permits, which legal requirements are subject to change. In addition, certain customers require compliance with their internal safety protocols. Existing and potential customers consider the safety record of their third-party service providers to be of high importance in their decision to engage such providers. If one or more accidents were to occur in connection with our business, the affected customer may seek to terminate, cancel or substantially reduce its business with us, which could cause us to lose substantial revenues. Furthermore, our ability to attract new customers may be impaired if such potential customers elect not to engage us because they view our safety record as unacceptable. In addition, it is possible that we will experience multiple or particularly severe accidents in the future, causing our safety record to deteriorate. This may be more likely as we continue to grow, if we experience high employee turnover or labor shortage, or if we hire inexperienced personnel to bolster our staffing needs. 
 We may be subject to legal claims, such as personal injury and property damage, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
 As we focus on growing our business, particularly as it relates to our SmartSystems offerings, our business may become increasingly subject to inherent risks that can cause personal injury or loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, equipment or the environment or the suspension of our operations. In addition, we may be subject to legal proceedings with our customers or suppliers, particularly as it relates to contract disputes. Regardless of the merit of particular claims, litigation may be expensive, time consuming, disruptive to our operations and distracting to management. 
 The outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved against us or an indemnified third party in a reporting period for amounts in excess of management s expectations, our financial condition and operating results for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected. Further, such an outcome could result in significant compensatory, punitive or trebled monetary damages, disgorgement of revenue or profits, remedial corporate measures or injunctive relief against us that could materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. We maintain 
 30 

what we believe is customary and reasonable insurance to protect our business against these potential losses, but such insurance may not be adequate to cover our liabilities, and we are not fully insured against all risks. 
 A financial downturn could negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 Actual or anticipated declines in domestic or foreign economic growth rates, regional or worldwide increases in tariffs or other trade restrictions, turmoil affecting the U.S. or global financial systems and markets and a severe economic contraction either regionally or worldwide could materially affect our business and financial condition. These events could impact our ability to finance operations by worsening the actual or anticipated future drop in worldwide oil demand, negatively impacting the price we receive for our products and services, compressing the level of available funding under our ABL Credit Facility, inhibiting our lenders from funding borrowings under our ABL Credit Facility or resulting in our lenders reducing the borrowing base under our ABL Credit Facility. Negative economic conditions could also adversely affect the collectability of our trade receivables or performance by our vendors and suppliers. 
 
 Risks Related to our Recent Expansion Activity 
 Our acquisition of the Blair facility may not achieve its intended results, and we may be unable to successfully integrate the operations of the Blair facility. 
 On March 4, 2022, we entered into the Purchase Agreement with Hi-Crush Inc., a Delaware corporation HCR and Blair, pursuant to which we acquired all of the issued and outstanding limited liability company interests of Blair from HCR for aggregate cash consideration of approximately 6.5 million, subject to customary purchase price adjustments as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Entities affiliated with Clearlake, who collectively owned approximately 11.3 of the Company s outstanding common stock at the time of the purchase, also owned a significant portion of the outstanding common stock of HCR, and representatives of Clearlake served on our board of directors and HCR s board of directors. At the time of purchase, Clearlake was a related party to the Company, and Jos Feliciano, the Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Clearlake, was on our board of directors. As of December 31, 2023, the Company was not affiliated with Clearlake and Jos Feliciano has resigned from our board of directors. 
 While we believe that the acquisition of Blair will result in various benefits, achieving the anticipated benefits of the acquisition is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether we can integrate the business of Blair in an efficient and effective manner. 
 Our results of operations could be adversely affected by any issues attributable to Blair operations that arise from or are based on events or actions that occurred prior to the closing of the acquisition, including unknown liabilities of Blair or its subsidiaries. The integration process is subject to a number of uncertainties, and no assurance can be given whether anticipated benefits will be realized or, if realized, the timing of their realization. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs or decreases in the amount of expected revenues and could adversely affect our future business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. 
 Our future results will suffer if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations. 
 With completion of the Blair acquisition and the recent acquisition of the Waynesburg and Ohio terminals, our operations and the size of our business has expanded. Our future operating results depend, in part, on our ability to manage this expansion and growth successfully, which poses substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity. We cannot assure you that we will be successful or that we will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings, and other benefits from the acquisition that we currently anticipate. A failure to manage our growth effectively could materially and adversely affect our profitability. 

Risks Related to Environmental, Mining and Other Regulation 
 Federal, state and local legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing and the potential for related litigation could result in increased costs, additional operating restrictions or delays for our customers, which could cause a decline in the demand for our frac sand and negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We supply frac sand to hydraulic fracturing operators in the oil and natural gas industry. Hydraulic fracturing is an important practice that is used to stimulate production of oil and natural gas from low permeability hydrocarbon bearing 
 31 

subsurface rock formations. The hydraulic fracturing process involves the injection of water, proppants, and chemicals under pressure into the formation to fracture the surrounding rock, increase permeability and stimulate production. 
 Although we do not directly engage in hydraulic fracturing activities, our customers purchase our frac sand for use in their hydraulic fracturing activities. Hydraulic fracturing is typically regulated by state oil and natural gas commissions and similar agencies. Some states have adopted, and other states are considering adopting, regulations that could impose new or more stringent permitting, disclosure or well construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing operations. Aside from state laws, local land use restrictions may restrict drilling in general or hydraulic fracturing in particular. Municipalities may adopt local ordinances attempting to prohibit hydraulic fracturing altogether or, at a minimum, to allow such fracturing processes within their jurisdictions to proceed but regulating the time, place and manner of those processes. In addition, federal agencies have started to assert regulatory authority over the process and various studies have been conducted by the EPA, and other federal agencies concerning the potential environmental impacts of hydraulic fracturing activities. At the same time, certain environmental groups have suggested that additional laws may be needed and, in some instances, have pursued voter ballot initiatives to more closely and uniformly limit or otherwise regulate the hydraulic fracturing process, and legislation has been proposed by some members of Congress to provide for such regulation. 
 The adoption of new laws or regulations at the federal, state or local levels imposing reporting obligations on, or otherwise limiting or delaying, the hydraulic fracturing process could make it more difficult to complete natural gas wells, increase our customers costs of compliance and doing business, and otherwise adversely affect the hydraulic fracturing services they perform, which could negatively impact demand for our frac sand. In addition, heightened political, regulatory, and public scrutiny of hydraulic fracturing practices could expose us or our customers to increased legal and regulatory proceedings, which could be time-consuming, costly, or result in substantial legal liability or significant reputational harm. We could be directly affected by adverse litigation involving us, or indirectly affected if the cost of compliance limits the ability of our customers to operate. Such costs and scrutiny could directly or indirectly, through reduced demand for our frac sand, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We and our customers are subject to extensive environmental and occupational health and safety regulations that impose, and will continue to impose, significant costs and liabilities. In addition, future regulations, or more stringent enforcement of existing regulations, could increase those costs and liabilities, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We are subject to a variety of federal, state, and local regulatory environmental requirements affecting the mining and mineral processing industry, including among others, those relating to employee health and safety, environmental permitting and licensing, air and water emissions, water pollution, waste management, remediation of soil and groundwater contamination, land use, reclamation and restoration of properties, hazardous materials, and natural resources. Some environmental laws impose substantial penalties for noncompliance, and others, such as the federal CERCLA, may impose strict, retroactive, and joint and several liabilities for the remediation of releases of hazardous substances. Liability under CERCLA, or similar state and local laws, may be imposed as a result of conduct that was lawful at the time it occurred or for the conduct of, or conditions caused by, prior operators or other third parties. Failure to properly handle, transport, store, or dispose of hazardous materials or otherwise conduct our operations in compliance with environmental laws could expose us to liability for governmental penalties, cleanup costs, and civil or criminal liability associated with releases of such materials into the environment, damages to property, natural resources and other damages, as well as potentially impair our ability to conduct our operations. In addition, future environmental laws and regulations could restrict our ability to expand our facilities or extract our mineral deposits or could require us to acquire costly equipment or to incur other significant expenses in connection with our business. Future events, including adoption of new, or changes in any existing, environmental requirements (or their interpretation or enforcement) and the costs associated with complying with such requirements, could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Any failure by us to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations may cause governmental authorities to take actions that could adversely impact our operations and financial condition, including: 
 issuance of administrative, civil, or criminal penalties; 
 denial, modification, or revocation of permits or other authorizations; 
 occurrence of delays in permitting or performance of projects; 
 imposition of injunctive obligations or other limitations on our operations, including cessation of operations; and 
 requirements to perform site investigatory, remedial, or other corrective actions. 
 32 

Any such regulations could require us to modify existing permits or obtain new permits, implement additional pollution control technology, curtail operations, significantly increase our operating costs, or impose additional operating restrictions among our customers that reduce demand for our services. 
 We may not be able to comply with any new or amended laws and regulations that are adopted, and any new or amended laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operating results by requiring us to modify our operations or equipment or shut down our facility. Additionally, our customers may not be able to comply with any new or amended laws and regulations, which could cause our customers to curtail or cease operations. We cannot at this time reasonably estimate our costs of compliance or the timing of any costs associated with any new or amended laws and regulations, or any material adverse effect that any new or modified standards will have on our customers and, consequently, on our operations. 
 Silica-related legislation, health issues and litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation or results of operations. 
 We are subject to laws and regulations relating to human exposure to crystalline silica. Several federal and state regulatory authorities, including MSHA, may continue to propose changes in their regulations regarding workplace exposure to crystalline silica, such as permissible exposure limits and required controls and personal protective equipment. We may not be able to comply with any new or amended laws and regulations that are adopted, and any new or amended laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operating results by requiring us to modify or cease our operations. 
 In addition, the inhalation of respirable crystalline silica is associated with the lung disease silicosis. There is evidence of an association between crystalline silica exposure or silicosis and lung cancer and a possible association with other diseases, including immune system disorders such as scleroderma. These health risks have been, and may continue to be, a significant issue confronting the proppant industry. Concerns over silicosis and other potential adverse health effects, as well as concerns regarding potential liability from the use of frac sand, may have the effect of discouraging our customers use of our frac sand. The actual or perceived health risks of mining, processing and handling proppants could materially and adversely affect proppant producers, including us, through reduced use of frac sand, the threat of product liability or employee lawsuits, increased scrutiny by federal, state and local regulatory authorities of us and our customers or reduced financing sources available to the frac sand industry. 
 We are subject to the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, which imposes stringent health and safety standards on numerous aspects of our operations. 
 Our operations are subject to the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended by the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act of 2006, which imposes stringent health and safety standards on numerous aspects of mineral extraction and processing operations, including the training of personnel, operating procedures, operating equipment, and other matters. Our failure to comply with such standards, or changes in such standards or the interpretation or enforcement thereof, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition or otherwise impose significant restrictions on our ability to conduct mineral extraction and processing operations. 
 We and our customers are subject to other extensive regulations, including licensing, plant and wildlife protection and reclamation regulation, that impose, and will continue to impose, significant costs and liabilities. In addition, future regulations, or more stringent enforcement of existing regulations, could increase those costs and liabilities, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 In addition to the regulatory matters described above, we and our customers are subject to extensive governmental regulation on matters such as permitting and licensing requirements, plant and wildlife protection, wetlands protection, reclamation and restoration activities at mining properties after mining is completed, the discharge of materials into the environment, and the effects that mining and hydraulic fracturing have on groundwater quality and availability. Our future success depends, among other things, on the quantity and quality of our frac sand deposits, our ability to extract these deposits profitably, and our customers being able to operate their businesses as they currently do. 
 In order to obtain permits and renewals of permits in the future, we may be required to prepare and present data to governmental authorities pertaining to the potential adverse impact that any proposed excavation or production activities, individually or in the aggregate, may have on the environment. Certain approval procedures may require preparation of archaeological surveys, endangered species studies, and other studies to assess the environmental impact of new sites or the expansion of existing sites. Compliance with these regulatory requirements is expensive and significantly lengthens the time needed to develop a site. Finally, obtaining or renewing required permits is sometimes delayed or prevented due to community opposition and other factors beyond our control. The denial of a permit essential to our operations or the imposition of conditions with which it is not practicable or feasible to comply could impair or prevent our ability to develop or expand a site. Significant opposition to a permit by neighboring property owners, members of the public, or other third parties, or delay in the 
 33 

environmental review and permitting process, also could delay or impair our ability to develop or expand a site. New legal requirements, including those related to the protection of the environment, could be adopted that could materially adversely affect our mining operations (including our ability to extract or the pace of extraction of mineral deposits), our cost structure, or our customers ability to use our frac sand. Such current or future regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, and we may not be able to obtain or renew permits in the future. 
 Our inability to acquire, maintain or renew financial assurances related to the reclamation and restoration of mining property could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are generally obligated to restore property in accordance with regulatory standards and our approved reclamation plan after it has been mined. We are required under federal, state, and local laws to maintain financial assurances, such as surety bonds, to secure such obligations. The inability to acquire, maintain or renew such assurances, as required by federal, state, and local laws, could subject us to fines and penalties as well as the revocation of our operating permits. Such inability could result from a variety of factors, including: 
 the lack of availability, higher expense, or unreasonable terms of such financial assurances; 
 the ability of current and future financial assurance counterparties to increase required collateral; and 
 the exercise by financial assurance counterparties of any rights to refuse to renew the financial assurance instruments. 
 Our inability to acquire, maintain, or renew necessary financial assurances related to the reclamation and restoration of mining property could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Climate change legislation and regulatory initiatives could result in increased compliance costs for us and our customers. 
 In recent years, the U.S. Congress has considered legislation to reduce emissions of GHGs, including methane, a primary component of natural gas, and carbon dioxide, a byproduct of the burning of natural gas. It presently appears unlikely that comprehensive climate legislation will be passed by either house of Congress in the near future, although energy legislation and other regulatory initiatives are expected to be proposed that may be relevant to GHG emissions issues. For example, in August 2022, the U.S. Congress passed, and President Biden signed into law, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 which appropriates significant federal funding for renewable energy initiatives and, for the first time ever, imposes a fee on GHG emissions from certain facilities. In January of 2024, the EPA released its proposed rule to implement the methane emissions fee with a proposed effective date in 2025 for reporting year 2024 emissions. The emissions fee and funding provisions of the law could increase the operating costs of our customers and accelerate the transition away from fossil fuels, which could in turn adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 In addition, a number of states are addressing GHG emissions, primarily through the development of emission inventories or regional GHG cap and trade programs. Depending on the particular program, we could be required to control GHG emissions or to purchase and surrender allowances for GHG emissions resulting from our operations. Independent of Congress, the EPA has adopted regulations controlling GHG emissions under its existing authority under the federal CAA. For example, the EPA has adopted regulations under existing provisions of the CAA that, among other things establish construction and operating permit reviews for GHG emissions from certain large stationary sources that are already potential major sources for conventional pollutants. In addition, the EPA has adopted rules requiring the monitoring and reporting of GHG emissions from specified production, processing, transmission and storage facilities in the United States on an annual basis. 
 In addition, in December 2015, over 190 countries, including the United States, reached an agreement to reduce global GHG emissions, also known as the Paris Agreement. The Paris Agreement entered into force in November 2016 after more than 170 nations, including the United States, ratified or otherwise indicated their intent to be bound by the agreement. In April 2021, President Biden announced a goal of reducing the United States emissions by 50-52 below 2005 levels by 2030. In November 2021, the international community gathered again in Glasgow at the 26th Conference to the Parties on the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change COP26 ), during which multiple announcements were made, including a call for parties to eliminate certain fossil fuel subsidies and pursue further action on non-carbon dioxide CO2 GHGs. Relatedly, while at COP26, the United States and European Union jointly announced the launch of the Global Methane Pledge, which aims to cut global methane pollution at least 30 by 2030 relative to 2020 levels, including all feasible reductions in the energy sector. Since its formal launch at COP26, over 150 countries have joined the pledge. We cannot predict what additional legislative or regulatory requirements may result from these developments. COP26 concluded with the finalization of the Glasgow Climate Pact, which stated long-term global goals (including those in the Paris Agreement) aimed at limiting the increase in the global average temperature and reducing GHG emissions. These goals were reaffirmed at the November 2022 UN Climate Change Conference of Parties COP27 in Sharm-El Sheik. While there were limited announcements at COP27 with respect to the reduction of fossil fuel use, there were negotiations on emissions reduction targets and reduction of fossil 
 34 

fuel use amongst the international community, and such discussions continued at COP28 in Dubai. COP28 also resulted in an agreement among 200 nations to take more decisive climate action, including commitments to reduce reliance on fossil fuels. Several states and geographic regions in the United States have also adopted legislation and regulations to reduce emissions of GHGs, including cap and trade regimes and commitments to contribute to meeting the goals of the Paris Agreement. It is not possible at this time to predict the timing and effects of climate change or whether additional climate-related legislation, regulations or other measures will be adopted at the local, state, regional, national and international levels. 
 Governmental, scientific and public concern over the threat of climate change arising from GHG emissions has also resulted in increasing political risks in the United States, including climate change-related pledges made by certain candidates elected to public office. The Biden Administration has issued several executive orders focused on addressing climate change, including items that may impact our customers costs to produce, or demand for, oil and natural gas. Additionally, in November 2021, the Biden Administration released The Long-Term Strategy of the United States: Pathways to Net-Zero Greenhouse Gas Emissions by 2050, which establishes a roadmap to net-zero emissions in the United States by 2050 through, among other things, improving energy efficiency; decarbonizing energy sources via electricity, hydrogen and sustainable biofuels; and reducing non-CO2 GHG emissions, such as methane and nitrous oxide. Further, on January 26, 2024, the Biden Administration, as part of its climate agenda, implemented a temporary pause on the U.S. Department of Energy s review of pending decisions for authorization to export LNG to non-Free Trade Agreement countries while the U.S. Department of Energy reviews and updates the underlying analyses for such decisions using more current data to account for considerations like the environmental and climate change impacts of LNG. The temporary pause is not expected to affect LNG exports that have already been authorized, but to the extent such action impacts our customers, we may experience reduced demand for our proppant. To the extent that the United States and other countries implement the Paris Agreement or local, state, regional, national or international governments impose other climate change regulations on the oil and natural gas industry, it could have an adverse effect on our business because substantial limitations on GHG emissions could adversely affect demand for the oil and natural gas that is produced by our customers. Litigation risks are also increasing, as a number of entities have sought to bring suit against oil and natural gas companies in state or federal court, alleging, among other things, that such companies created public nuisances by producing fuels that contributed to climate change. Suits have also been brought against such companies under stockholder and consumer protection laws, alleging that companies have been aware of the adverse effects of climate change but failed to adequately disclose those impacts. To the extent these risks impact our customers, we may experience reduced demand for our proppant. 
 Additionally, in March 2022, the SEC proposed new rules relating to the disclosure of a range of climate-related data risks and opportunities, including financial impacts, physical and transition risks, related governance and strategy and GHG emissions, for certain public companies. We are currently assessing this rule but at this time we cannot predict the ultimate impact of the rule on our business or those of our customers. The SEC originally planned to issue a final rule by October 2022, but according to the SEC s updated rulemaking agenda, a final rule is now expected to be issued in spring 2024. To the extent this rule is finalized as proposed, we or our customers could incur increased costs related to the assessment and disclosure of climate-related risks and certain emissions metrics. In addition, enhanced climate disclosure requirements could accelerate the trend of certain stakeholders and lenders restricting or seeking more stringent conditions with respect to their investments in certain carbon intensive sectors. 
 Finally, many scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of GHGs in the Earth s atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and other climatic events; if any such effects were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our operations and our customers exploration and production operations. 
 A negative shift in investor sentiment towards the oil and natural gas industry and increased attention to environmental, social and governance ESG and conservation matters may adversely impact our business. 
 Increasing attention to climate change and natural capital, societal expectations on companies to address climate change, investor and societal expectations regarding voluntary ESG initiatives and disclosures, and consumer demand for alternative sources of energy may result in increased costs (including but not limited to increased costs associated with compliance, stakeholder engagement, contracting, and insurance), reduced demand for our customers hydrocarbon products and our product and services, reduced profits, increased legislative and judicial scrutiny, investigations and litigation, and negative impacts on our stock price and access to capital markets. Increasing attention to climate change and environmental conservation, for example, may result in demand shifts for our customers hydrocarbon products and additional governmental investigations and private litigation against those customers. To the extent that societal pressures or political or other factors are involved, it is possible that liability could be imposed on our customers without regard to their causation of or contribution to the asserted damage, or to other mitigating factors. To date, however, changes in societal pressures and consumer demand related to increased attention to ESG and conservation matters have not had a material impact on our customers operations or otherwise materially and adversely affected our business. Voluntary disclosures regarding ESG matters, as well as any ESG 
 35 

disclosures mandated by law, could result in private litigation or government investigation or enforcement action regarding the sufficiency or validity of such disclosures. In addition, failure or a perception (whether or not valid) of failure to implement ESG strategies or achieve ESG goals or commitments, including any GHG reduction goals or commitments, could result in governmental investigations or enforcement, private litigation and damage our reputation, cause our investors or consumers to lose confidence in our Company, and negatively impact our operations. 
 Moreover, while we may create and publish disclosures regarding ESG matters, many of the statements in those disclosures may be based on hypothetical expectations and assumptions that may or may not be representative of current or actual risks or events or forecasts of expected risks or events, including the costs associated therewith. Such expectations and assumptions are necessarily uncertain and may be prone to error or subject to misinterpretation given the long timelines involved and the lack of an established single approach to identifying and measuring many ESG matters. Such disclosures may also be partially reliant on third-party information that we have not or cannot independently verify. Additionally, we expect there will likely be increasing levels of regulation, disclosure-related and otherwise, with respect to ESG matters, and increased regulation will likely to lead to increased compliance costs as well as scrutiny that could heighten all of the risks identified in this risk factor. 
 In addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings and recent activism directed at shifting funding away from companies with energy-related assets could lead to increased negative investor sentiment toward us or our customers and to the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and our or our customers access to and costs of capital. Also, institutional lenders may, of their own accord, decide not to provide funding for fossil fuel industry companies based on climate change, natural capital, or other ESG related concerns, which could affect our or our customers access to capital for potential growth projects. Moreover, to the extent ESG matters negatively impact our or the fossil fuel industry s reputation, we may not be able to compete as effectively to recruit or retain employees, which may adversely affect our operations. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Our stock price could be volatile, and you may not be able to resell shares of your common stock at or above the price you paid. 
 The stock markets generally have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. Volatility in the market price of our common stock may prevent you from being able to sell your common stock at or above the price at which you purchased the stock. As a result, you may suffer a loss on your investment. Securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the market price of a company s securities. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in very substantial costs, divert our management s attention and resources and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 In addition to the risks described in this section, the market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, most of which we cannot control, including: 
 our operating and financial performance; 
 quarterly variations in the rate of growth of our financial indicators, such as revenues, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, contribution margin, free cash flow, net income, and net income per share; 
 the public reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements, and our filings with the SEC; 
 strategic actions by our competitors; 
 our failure to meet revenue or earnings estimates by research analysts or other investors; 
 changes in revenue or earnings estimates, or changes in recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage, by equity research analysts; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 the failure of research analysts to cover our common stock; 
 36 

sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders, or the perception that such sales may occur; 
 changes in accounting principles, policies, guidance, interpretations, or standards; 
 additions or departures of key management personnel; 
 actions by our stockholders; 
 general market conditions, including fluctuations in commodity prices, sand-based proppants, or industrial and recreational sand-based products; 
 domestic and international economic, legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance; and 
 the realization of any risks described under this Risk Factors section. 
 We are subject to certain requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If we are unable to timely comply with Section 404 or if the costs related to compliance are significant, our profitability, stock price, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 We are required to comply with certain provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Section 404 requires that we document and test our internal control over financial reporting and issue management s assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. This section also requires that our independent registered public accounting firm opine on those internal controls upon our public float exceeding a certain threshold as set forth in the SEC rules. We are evaluating our existing controls against the standards adopted by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. During the course of our ongoing evaluation and integration of the internal control over financial reporting, we may identify areas requiring improvement, and we may have to design enhanced processes and controls to address issues identified through this review. 
 We believe that the out-of-pocket costs, diversion of management s attention from running the day-to-day operations and operational changes caused by the need to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could be significant. If the time and costs associated with such compliance exceed our current expectations, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 If we fail to comply with the requirements of Section 404 or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify and report such material weaknesses, the accuracy and timeliness of the filing of our annual and quarterly reports may be materially adversely affected and could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the stock price of our common stock. In addition, a material weakness in the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could result in an increased chance of fraud and the loss of customers, reduce our ability to obtain financing and require additional expenditures to comply with these requirements, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The concentration of our capital stock ownership by our largest stockholders and its affiliates will limit your ability to influence corporate matters. 
 As of December 31, 2023, our Chief Executive Officer beneficially owns approximately 17.2 of our outstanding common stock. Consequently, our Chief Executive Officer is considered a Principal Stockholder and will continue to have significant influence over all matters that require approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. Additionally, we are party to a stockholders agreement pursuant to which, so long as the Principal Stockholder maintains certain beneficial ownership levels of our common stock, the Principal Stockholder will have certain rights, including board of directors and committee designation rights and consent rights, including the right to consent to change in control transactions. For additional information, please read Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions Stockholders Agreement in the prospectus included in our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-215554), initially filed with the SEC on January 13, 2017. This concentration of ownership and the rights of Principal Stockholders under the stockholders agreement, will limit your ability to influence corporate matters, and as a result, actions may be taken that you may not view as beneficial. 
 The price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 As of December 31, 2023, there were 28,390,059 publicly traded shares of common stock held by our public common stockholders. Although our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ, we do not know whether an active trading market will continue to develop or how liquid that market might be. You may not be able to resell your common stock at or above the 
 37 

public offering price. Additionally, the lack of liquidity may result in wide bid-ask spreads, contribute to significant fluctuations in the market price of the common stock and limit the number of investors who are able to buy the common stock. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports or publish unfavorable research about our business, the price and trading volume of our common stock could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our securities, the price of our securities would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases to cover us or fails to publish regular reports on us, interest in the purchase of our securities could decrease, which could cause the price of our common stock and other securities and their trading volume to decline. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as well as Delaware law, contain provisions that could discourage acquisition bids or merger proposals, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval. If our board of directors elects to issue preferred stock, it could be more difficult for a third party to acquire us. In addition, some provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the change of control would be beneficial to our stockholders, including: 
 advance notice provisions for stockholder proposals and nominations for elections to the board of directors to be acted upon at meetings of stockholders; 
 provisions that divide our board of directors into three classes of directors, with the classes to be as nearly equal in number as possible; 
 provisions that prohibit stockholder action by written consent after the date on which our Principal Stockholders collectively cease to beneficially own at least 50 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote; 
 provisions that provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called only by the board of directors or, for so long as a Principal Stockholder continues to beneficially own at least 20 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our stock; 
 provisions that provide that our stockholders may only amend our certificate of incorporation or bylaws with the approval of at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote, or for so long as our Principal Stockholders collectively continue to beneficially own at least 50 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote, with the approval of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote; 
 provisions that provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to adopt, or to alter or repeal our bylaws; and 
 provisions that establish advance notice and certain information requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 
 We do not currently pay dividends on our common stock, and our debt agreements place certain restrictions on our ability to do so. Consequently, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment is if the price of our common stock appreciates. 
 We do not currently pay dividends on shares of our common stock. Additionally, our ABL Credit Facility places certain restrictions on our ability to pay cash dividends. Consequently, unless we revise our dividend policy, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment in us will be if you sell your common stock at a price greater than you paid for it. There is no guarantee that the price of our common stock that will prevail in the market will ever exceed the price that you previously paid. 
 38 

Future sales of our common stock in the public market could reduce our stock price, and the sale or issuance of equity or convertible securities may dilute your ownership in us. 
 We may sell additional shares of common stock in subsequent public offerings. We may also issue additional shares of common stock or convertible securities. As of December 31, 2023, we have outstanding 41,117,111 shares of common stock. Our Chief Executive Officer beneficially owns 7,076,340 shares of our common stock, or approximately 17.2 of our total outstanding shares. 
 In connection with our initial public offering, we filed a registration statement with the SEC on Form S-8 providing for the registration of shares of our common stock issued or reserved for issuance under our equity incentive plans. Subject to the satisfaction of vesting conditions and the requirements of Rule 144, shares registered under the registration statement on Form S-8 will be available for resale immediately in the public market without restriction. 
 We have provided certain registration rights for the sale of common stock by certain existing stockholders in the future. The sale of these shares could have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock or on any trading market that may develop. 
 We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common stock or securities convertible into common stock or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of our common stock will have on the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock (including shares issued in connection with an acquisition), or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. 
 We may issue preferred stock whose terms could adversely affect the voting power or value of our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights, including preferences over our common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our board of directors may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could adversely impact the voting power or value of our common stock. For example, we might grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we might assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or agents to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each such case subject to such Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of, and consented to, the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation described in the preceding sentence. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and such persons. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 39 

ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 We maintain a cyber risk management program designed to identify, assess, manage, mitigate, and respond to cybersecurity threats. Our information technology IT personnel, together with third party firms, continuously work to identify, assess, and manage cybersecurity risks in alignment with cybersecurity standards, [including the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cyber Security Framework, NIST 800-53, NIST 800-82, and International Electrotechnical Commission 62443]. Our executive management team and Board of Directors are periodically updated regarding the status of, and adjustments to, our cybersecurity program. 
 To protect our technology systems from cybersecurity threats, we use various security tools that help prevent,identify, escalate, investigate, resolve, and recover from identified vulnerabilities and security incidents in a timely manner. These include, but are not limited to, internal reporting, monitoring, and detection tools to assist us in identifying vulnerabilities in our products before they are exploited by malicious threat actors. 
 
 We have an Incident Response Plan that defines and documents procedures for assessing, identifying, and managing a cybersecurity incident. In the event there is a cyber security incident, the VP of Technology and the Incident Response Team will assess the cybersecurity incident s impact as the basis for assigning a preliminary severity level. The VP of Technology is also responsible for communicating incidents to other members of management as appropriate. Were a cybersecurity incident to occur that was determined to be material by our Incident Response Team, including executive management, then our Board of Directors would be notified. Should any incidents occur that have a preliminary severity rating of high or critical, our Incident Response Team would confer with our Board of Directors to determine whether to report the cybersecurity incident in our public filings. 
 
 Aside from more immediate reporting of material incidents to our Board of Directors as described above, our VP of Technology provides our Board of Directors an update on cybersecurity during each of its quarterly meetings regarding the effectiveness of technical and human security controls, cybersecurity training program compliance, internal and third-party cybersecurity incidents, and cybersecurity risks. 
 
 Our VP of Technology leads all components of our IT functions. Our VP of Technology has over 29 years of experience in the IT profession, including 7 years with Smart Sand. 
 
 No unauthorized access to customer, vendor, supplier, joint venture, employee or our data occurred as a result of cybersecurity incidents against us that has had a material adverse effect on our business, operations, or consolidated financial condition. If our systems, or our customers' or suppliers systems, for protecting against cybersecurity incidents prove to be insufficient, a cybersecurity incident could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, or consolidated financial condition. See additional information about our cybersecurity risks under General Risk factors in Item1(a) Risk Factors. 
 
 40 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Overview of our Properties and Logistics 
 As of December 31, 2023, we owned and operated three frac sand mines and related processing facilities in Oakdale, Wisconsin; Utica, Illinois; and Blair, Wisconsin. Also, in addition to the onsite transloading capabilities at our Oakdale and Blair mines, we own nearby transloading facilities in Byron, Wisconsin and Peru, Illinois. We also operate in-basin transloading facilities under long-term lease agreements in Van Hook, North Dakota, Waynesburg, Pennsylvania, and El Reno, Oklahoma. In December 2023, we Company acquired the rights to operate a unit train capable transloading terminal in Minerva, Ohio. We expect this terminal to become operational in the second quarter of 2024. In January 2024, we acquired the rights to operate a unit train capable transloading terminal in Dennison, Ohio. We expect this terminal to become operational in the second quarter of 2024. 
 In March 2022, acquired the Blair, Wisconsin mine and processing facility. The Blair facility has approximately 2.9 million tons of total annual processing capacity and contains an onsite, unit train capable rail terminal with access to the Class 1 Canadian National Railway. We began operating the Blair mine in the second quarter of 2023. 
 In addition to these currently operating facilities, we also acquired an idled mine and processing facility in New Auburn, Wisconsin as part of our acquisition of Eagle Oil and Gas Proppants Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Eagle Proppants Holdings ), in 2020, which contains a higher concentration of coarser sand deposits. We do not consider this site to be a mining property as we have no immediate plans to resume processing frac sand operations at this facility, though its administrative facilities and proximity to our Oakdale facility allow us to utilize the property to create synergies with our existing operations in Wisconsin. 
 We also own approximately 959 acres in Jackson County, Wisconsin Hixton ). The Hixton site is fully permitted to initiate operations and is available for future development. Based on our preliminary testing, we believe there are sufficient quantities on these sites to establish reserves in the future. We have no immediate plans to further develop this site. 
 We have two long-term surface mining leases for properties located in the Permian Basin in Texas that are available for future development. The first site consists of 1,772 acres in Winkler County, Texas. This location is adjacent to the Texas New Mexico Railway (TXN) short line with direct access to State Highway 18. The second site consists of 2,447 acres in Crane County, Texas. This location has direct access to Interstate Highway 20. Based on our preliminary testing, we believe there are sufficient quantities on these sites to establish reserves in the future. We have no immediate plans to further develop these sites. 
 We lease a 56,000 square foot facility in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada where we manufacture our SmartSystems wellsite proppant storage solutions. 
 41 

The map below shows the locations of our mine sites, rail terminals and transload facilities, manufacturing facilities and administrative facilities. 

Summary Overview of Mining Operations 
 Information concerning our material mining properties in this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K, which first became applicable to us for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms mineral resource , mineral reserve , proven mineral reserve and probable mineral reserve are defined and used in accordance with subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K. As of December 31, 2023, our individually material mining properties, as determined in accordance with subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K, were the Oakdale, Wisconsin mine and processing facility Oakdale ), Utica, Illinois mine and processing facility Utica ), and the currently idle Blair, Wisconsin facility Blair ). 
 The information that follows related to the Oakdale, Utica and Blair facilities is derived, for the most part from, and in some instances is an extract from, the technical report summaries TRSs related to such properties prepared in compliance with the Item 601(b)(96) and subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K. Portions of the following information are based on assumptions, qualifications and procedures that are not fully described herein. Reference should be made to the full text of the TRSs, filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on 10-K. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had three operating mines and related processing facilities. 
 
 42 

Oakdale, Wisconsin 
 
 We, through Smart Sand, Inc. and SSI Oakdale, LLC, its wholly-owned subsidiary, operate a surface mine and silica sand processing plant near Oakdale, Wisconsin. The Oakdale mine includes a total of 1,256 acres that are owned outright by Smart Sand, Inc. This ownership includes subsurface mineral and water rights. The site has no leased property. Royalties are paid in the amount of 0.50 per ton of 70-mesh and coarser substrate. 
 Our Oakdale facility is a surface mining operation involving heavy equipment and the hydraulic transfer of material to the processing plant. The processing plant uses natural gas, propane, and electricity to produce various grades of high-quality Northern White Sand. Our premium sand is used as proppant used to enhance hydrocarbon recovery rates in the hydraulic fracturing of oil and natural gas wells and for a variety of industrial applications, including glass, foundry, building products, filtration, geothermal, renewables, ceramics, turf landscape, retail, and recreation. 
 The Oakdale facility operations are predominantly regulated by Monroe County, Wisconsin through the non-metallic mining and reclamation permit. Air emissions are regulated by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources, Bureau of Air Management. All required permits are secured, and the site is operating in full compliance. 
 
 Utica, Illinois 
 
 We, through Northern White Sand LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Smart Sand, Inc., operate a surface mine and a silica sand processing plant near Utica, Illinois. The Utica mine includes a total of 819 acres that are owned outright by Smart Sand, Inc. This ownership includes subsurface mineral and water rights. The site has no leased property. There are no royalties associated with this property. 
 Our Utica facility is a surface mining operation involving heavy equipment and the hydraulic transfer of material to the processing plant. The processing plant uses natural gas, propane, and electricity to produce various grades of high-quality Northern White Sand. Our premium sand is used as proppant used to enhance hydrocarbon recovery rates in the hydraulic fracturing of oil and natural gas wells and for a variety of industrial applications, including glass, foundry, building products, filtration, geothermal, renewables, ceramics, turf landscape, retail, and recreation. 
 The Utica facility is regulated by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources, which requires a Surface Mining Permit and Reclamation Plan. The mine reclamation plan is submitted to both the LaSalle County, Illinois and Village of Utica, Illinois Boards. Air emissions are regulated by the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency. All required permits are secured, and the site is operating in full compliance. 
 Blair Wisconsin 
 
 We began operating the Blair mine in the second quarter of 2023. It is an idle silica surface mine and processing plant in Blair, Wisconsin. The Blair mine includes a total of 1,285 acres that are owned outright by Smart Sand Blair, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Smart Sand, Inc. This ownership includes subsurface mineral and water rights. The site has no leased property. Royalties are estimated to be paid on certain grades of silica sand in the amount of 1.75/ton with certain minimum annual payments. 
 Our Blair facility uses a surface mining technique to produce high-quality Northern White Sand. The processing plant uses natural gas, propane, and electricity to make various grades of high-quality Northern White Sand. Our premium sand is used as proppant used to enhance hydrocarbon recovery rates in the hydraulic fracturing of oil and natural gas wells and for a variety of industrial applications, including glass, foundry, building products, filtration, geothermal, renewables, ceramics, turf landscape, retail, and recreation. 
 The Blair facility has several active permits including air quality, construction, operations, groundwater extraction, and non-metallic mining and reclamation, which are administered by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources. Land use agreements are active for the Cities of Springfield and Preston regarding the hours of operations, blasting, groundwater assurance, noise and traffic. Conditional use permits are active for both Jackson County, Wisconsin and the City of Blair, Wisconsin for the mining and processing of material at the site Blair site. All required permits are secured, and the site is operating in full compliance. 
 
 43 

Summary of Annual Production 
 The table below shows annual dry tons produced at our mining properties for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. This table does not include mining activity prior to our acquisition of the Blair mine. 
 2023 2022 2021 (millions of tons) Silica Sand Oakdale mine 4.6 4.9 2.6 Utica mine 0.9 1.1 0.8 Blair mine 0.6 0.0 0.0 6.1 6.0 3.4 
 
 Summary of Mineral Reserves and Resources 
 Supplies of high-quality Northern White frac sand are limited to select areas, predominantly in western Wisconsin and limited areas of Minnesota and Illinois. All of our sand mines are located in this geographic area. The following table summarizes our mineral reserves as of December 31, 2023: 
 Total Saleable Reserves Proven Reserves Probable Reserves (millions of tons) Silica Sand Oakdale mine (1) 
 243 138 105 Utica mine (2) 
 127 95 32 Blair mine (3) 
 114 114 0 Total Reserves 484 347 137 
 (1) Economic evaluation for Oakdale is based on 20.00/ton average minegate pricing as of September 2021, with no escalation. 
 (2) Economic evaluation for Utica is based on 20.00/ton average minegate pricing as of September 2021, with no escalation. 
 (3) Economic evaluation for Blair is based on 36.00/ton average minegate pricing, based on 2023 forecast, with no escalation. 
 
 We have no inferred resources. 

44 

Material Mine Site Descriptions 
 Oakdale, Wisconsin 
 The Oakdale site is a surface proppant sand mining and processing operation located approximately 1 mile southwest of the town of Oakdale, Wisconsin in Monroe County, Wisconsin. Geographically, the Oakdale site is located at approximately 43 57 06.1 N latitude and 90 24 13.0 W longitude. 
 The Oakdale site includes approximately 1,256 acres that we own outright. Royalties are paid in the amount of 0.50 per ton of 70-mesh and coarser substrate. Operations began at our Oakdale site in July 2012 with 1.1 million tons of annual processing capacity. Through multiple expansions, the Oakdale facility currently has an annual processing capacity of 5.5 million tons. 
 45 

The site is accessible by public roads and a Canadian Pacific railroad spur. Our Oakdale site has an extensive rail-car loading, storage, and handling facility. The Oakdale site is connected to the local electrical and natural gas distribution systems. All water onsite is provided through private wells and ponds supplied with recycled process water and groundwater pumped from the active mine. The site has offices holding administrative, engineering, and operations staff. In addition, there are several buildings that house the processing facilities, plant maintenance and support facilities. 
 We acquired the land and developed the site as a purpose-built silica mine to serve frac sand customers. Since acquiring the facility, we renovated and upgraded its processing capabilities to enable it to produce multiple products through various processing methods, including washing, hydraulic sizing and screening. These techniques allow the Oakdale site to meet a variety of focused specifications on product composition from customers. As such, the Oakdale site services multiple end markets, such as glass, building products, foundry, fillers and extenders, chemicals and oil and gas proppants. We believe that the Oakdale facility and its operating equipment are maintained in good working condition. The total net book value of the Oakdale facility s real property and tangible assets as of December 31, 2023 was 125.8 million. 
 Current mining at the Oakdale facility is excavated using conventional surface mining methods. The first step in the mining process is the removal of the overburden from the sandstone layer. This is completed either in-house or by third-party contractors using heavy equipment including excavators, dozers and haul trucks. Next, a third-party contractor is used to drill and blast the sandstone. Heavy equipment, conveyors and pumps are used to transfer the blasted material to the processing plant. At the processing plant, the sand slurry is fed to a surge tank where ultrafine material is removed from the product then pumped to hydrosizers that further separate the sand into coarse and fine particle size fractions. The separated streams are either placed in respective piles, stored on a dewatering slab, or sent to waste depending on product mix desired. The decanted sand is then fed by conveyor or loader to the five available fluidized bed dryers. The dry sand is then classified into final grades using screening units and stored in dedicated silos. A system of conveyors then move sand to a loadout for railcars and trucks. Railcars are on a railspur connected to the Canadian Pacific railroad. Trucking to our Byron transload facility provides access to the Union Pacific railroad. 
 Several natural and man-made features have been identified in and around the Oakdale site which may limit the mineable areas of the property. These features include setbacks from neighboring properties, right of ways, creeks and wetlands. 
 To operate active mining operations on the property, the Monroe County, Wisconsin non-metallic reclamation permit requires annual reports to be submitted with information on the reclamation status and to pay annual fees based on disturbed acres. A significant portion of the probable reserves underly current wetland areas. These areas will require mitigation as designated wetlands prior to mining. These reserves are not in our current five-year plan. Air emissions are regulated by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources, Bureau of Air Management. We monitor air emissions and have all required permits. The operation also has developed an Environmental Management System and Quality Management System. We have successfully completed the annual outside surveillance audit of our Environmental Management System to the ISO 14001:2015. The Oakdale site has secured necessary permits and is operating in compliance with all required licenses, registrations, and permits. 
 A summary of Oakdale s mineral resources and reserves as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 is shown below. Year Ended December 31, Change 2023 2022 Volumes Percentage (millions of tons) Proven 138 142 -4 (3) Probable 105 105 0 Saleable 243 247 -4 (2) 
 When estimating mineral reserves, silica product pricing was assumed at 20/ton. Only one commodity (silica sand) is mined, processed and sold at the Oakdale site. Production of silica sand is driven by market demand, and production can be modified in response to that demand. As such, the application of minimum mining thicknesses, maximum stripping ratios (the ratio of waste to sand excavated), or cut-off grades is not generally considered in the estimation of silica sand resources for the Oakdale site. The decrease in reserves from 2022 to 2023 is primarily attributable to excavation and mining activity in 2023. For more information on our resources and reserves, please refer to Exhibit 10.24, the Technical Report Summary for our Oakdale site. 
 Key assumptions and parameters relating to the mineral reserves at the Oakdale site are discussed in Sections 11.0 and 12.0, respectively, of the Oakdale TRS. Only material that can be economically, safely, and legally extracted is contained in these ore reserve estimates. 
 46 

Utica, Illinois 
 The Utica site is a surface proppant sand mining and processing operation located approximately three miles east of the town of Utica, Illinois in LaSalle County, Illinois. Geographically, the Utica site is located at approximately 41 20 48.6 N latitude and 88 57 18.9 W longitude. 
 
 The Utica site includes approximately 819 acres that we own outright. The mine site was initially developed in 2014 by Eagle Materials Inc., a Delaware corporation Eagle ), as a wash plant that railed wet sand to Corpus Christi, TX. In the summer of 2018, a 1.6 million ton per year dry plant was constructed on site. In September 2020, we acquired the Utica Site from Eagle. We began operating the Utica, Illinois mine and Peru, Illinois transload facility in October 2020. There are no royalties associated with any minerals at this site. The current annual processing capacity is estimated at 1.6 million tons. 
 47 

The site is accessible by public roads. There is no rail onsite. All minerals are trucked from the site to a terminal that we own and operate in Peru, Illinois, on the Burlington Northern Santa Fe railroad a few miles away from the mine site. Our Utica site includes a wet plant and a dry plant, storage, and handling facility. The Utica site is connected to the local electrical and natural gas distribution systems. Water onsite is provided through public works, private wells and ponds supplied with recycled process water and groundwater pumped from the active mine. The site has offices holding administrative, engineering, and operations staff. In addition, there are several buildings that house the processing facilities, plant maintenance and support facilities. 
 Utica production capabilities include ability to produce multiple products through various processing methods, including washing, hydraulic sizing and screening. These production techniques allow the Utica site to meet a variety of focused specifications on product composition from customers. As such, the Utica site services multiple end markets, such as glass, building products, foundry, fillers and extenders, chemicals and oil and gas proppants. We believe that the Utica facility and its operating equipment are maintained in good working condition. The total net book value of the Utica facility and related transload real property and tangible assets as of December 31, 2023 was 39.8 million. 
 Current mining at the Utica facility is excavated using conventional surface mining methods. The first step in the mining process is the removal of the overburden from the sandstone layer. This is completed either in-house or by third-party contractors using heavy equipment including excavators, dozers and haul trucks. Next, a third-party contractor is used to drill and blast the sandstone. Heavy equipment is used to transfer the blasted material to the processing plant. At the processing plant, the sand is fed into a crusher, wet screened to remove oversize material and placed in a surge tank where ultra fine material is removed from the product and sent to a thickener as waste. The remaining slurry is pumped to hydrosizers that further hydraulically separate the sand into waste and product streams with the product sent to an enclosed decant shed for dewatering. A drag chain conveyor reclaims sand from the top of the decant pile and conveys the sand to the dryer. Dry sand is then screened into our four primary grades of sand. The finished product is stored in four truck loadout silos. All product leaves the plant via truck. The majority of the product is trucked to a nearby Peru, Illinois rail loadout on the Burlington Northern Santa Fe railroad. 
 To operate active mining operations on the property, the Illinois Department of Natural Resources requires a Surface Mining Permit. The Surface Mining Permit application requires the operator to submit an annual operating plan that illustrates how the land will be affected by mining operations as well as a reclamation plant that describes how the mined land will be restored for future use. The mine reclamation plan is submitted to the LaSalle County and Village of Utica Boards. The Utica operation has obtained the necessary permits. Air emissions are regulated by the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency. A Title V permit for air emissions is currently issued to Northern White Sand, which is our wholly owned subsidiary. We monitor air emissions and have all required permits. The Utica site has secured necessary permits and is operating in compliance with all required licenses, registrations, and permits. 
 A summary of Utica s mineral resources and reserves as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 is shown below. Year Ended December 31, Change 2023 2022 Volumes Percentage (millions of tons) Proven 95 96 -1 (1) Probable 32 32 0 Saleable 127 128 -1 (1) 
 When estimating mineral reserves, silica product pricing was assumed at 20/ton. Only one commodity (silica sand) is mined, processed and sold at the Utica site. Production of silica sand is driven by market demand, and production can be modified in response to that demand. As such, the application of minimum mining thicknesses, maximum stripping ratios (the ratio of waste to sand excavated), or cut-off grades is not generally considered in the estimation of silica sand resources for the Utica site. The decrease in reserves from 2022 to 2023 is primarily attributable to excavation and mining activity in 2023. For more information on our resources and reserves, please refer to Exhibit 10.25, the Technical Report Summary for our Utica mine. 
 Key assumptions and parameters relating to the mineral reserves at the Utica site are discussed in Sections 11.0 and 12.0, respectively, of the Utica TRS. Only material that can be economically, safely, and legally extracted is contained in these ore reserve estimates. 

48 

Blair, Wisconsin 
 The Blair site is a surface proppant sand mining and processing operation located approximately 3 miles southwest of the town of Taylor, Wisconsin in Trempealeau County, Wisconsin. Geographically, the Blair site is located at approximately 44 17 44.0 N latitude and 91 10 05.5 W longitude. 
 49 

The Blair site includes approximately 1,285 acres that we own outright. The mine site was initially developed in 2016 by HCR and shut down in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. On March 4, 2022, we acquired the Blair facility. We began operations at the Blair facility in the second quarter of 2023. The Blair facility has approximately 2.9 million tons of total annual processing capacity and contains an onsite, unit train capable rail terminal with access to the Class 1 Canadian National Railway. We pay royalties of approximately 1.75 per ton with certain annual minimum payments. 
 The site is accessible by public roads and the Canadian National railroad spur. Our Blair site has an extensive rail-car loading, storage, and handling facility. The Blair site is connected to the local electrical and natural gas distribution systems. All water onsite is provided through private wells. The site has offices holding administrative, engineering, and operations staff. In addition, there are several buildings that house the processing facilities, plant maintenance and support facilities. 
 Blair production capabilities include ability to produce multiple products through various processing methods, including washing, hydraulic sizing and screening. These production techniques allow the Blair site to meet a variety of focused specifications on product composition from customers. As such, the Blair site services multiple end markets, such as glass, building products, foundry, fillers and extenders, chemicals and oil and gas proppants. We believe that the Blair facility and its operations have been maintained in good condition. The total net book value of the Blair facility real property and tangible assets as of December 31, 2023 was 15.7 million, which represents our purchase price of the facility. 
 We began operating the Blair facility in the second quarter of 2023. Current mining at the Blair facility is excavated using conventional surface mining methods. The first step in the mining process is the removal of the overburden from the sandstone layer. This is completed either in-house or by third-party contractors using heavy equipment including excavators, dozers and haul trucks. Next, a third-party contractor is used to drill and blast the sandstone. Heavy equipment is used to transfer the blasted material to the crusher for further processing. Conveyors transfer the sand to the wet plant where hydrosizers are used to sort the sand into product and waste streams. The waste stream is further separated by a cyclone where the ultra fines are sent to a thickener and filter press to recover water and the remainder is conveyed to a pile for reclamation purposes. The product stream is dewatered and conveyed to the wet storage piles next to the dry plant. Loaders will feed the two dryers from the decant pile and will screen the sand into four or five grades that are then stored into dedicated silos until loaded into railcars for shipping. Railcars are on a railspur connected to the Canadian National railroad. 
 To operate active mining operations on the property, a non-metallic mining industrial permit is in place and administered by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources in both Jackson and Trempealeau counties. There are also permits for air quality, construction, ground water extraction administered by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources. A land use agreement is active for the cities of Springfield and Preston regarding operating hours. A conditional use permit is active for both Jackson County and the City of Blair for the mining and processing of material at the Blair site. A reclamation plan for restoring the site to an agreed upon state is in place with Jackson County and the City of Blair. The Blair site has secured necessary permits and is in compliance with all required licenses, registrations, and permits. 
 A summary of Blair s mineral resources and reserves as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 is shown below. Year Ended December 31, Change 2023 2022 Volumes Percentage (millions of tons) Proven 114 115 -1 (1) Probable 0 0 0 Not Meaningful Saleable 114 115 -1 (1) 
 When estimating mineral reserves, silica product pricing was assumed at 36/ton, which represents our budget for 2023. Only one commodity (silica sand) is mined, processed and sold at the Blair site. Production of silica sand is driven by market demand, and production can be modified in response to that demand. As such, the application of minimum mining thicknesses, maximum stripping ratios (the ratio of waste to sand excavated), or cut-off grades is not generally considered in the estimation of silica sand resources for the Blair site. The decrease in reserves from 2022 to 2023 is primarily attributable to excavation and mining activity in 2023. For more information on our resources and reserves, please refer to Exhibit 10.26, the Technical Report Summary for our Blair site. 
 Key assumptions and parameters relating to the mineral reserves at the Blair site are discussed in Sections 11.0 and 12.0, respectively, of the Blair TRS. Only material that can be economically, safely, and legally extracted is contained in these ore reserve estimates. 
 
 50 

Internal Controls Disclosure 
 The modeling and analysis of our reserves has been developed by our personnel, reviewed by several levels of internal management and, in the case of the three material properties, reviewed by John T. Boyd. This section summarizes the internal control considerations for our development of estimations, including assumptions, used in resource and reserve analysis and modeling. 
 When determining resources and reserves, as well as the differences between resources and reserves, management developed specific criteria, each of which must be met to qualify as a resource or reserve, respectively. These criteria, such as demonstration of economic viability, repeatable geologic continuity, and meeting generally accepted quality specifications, are specific and attainable, as applicable. Calculations using site specific criteria for the three material properties were reviewed by John T. Boyd. John T. Boyd was provided with our exploration data, geologic models, and volumetric estimates and took a three-step approach to validate our resource and reserve estimates at the four material properties: (1) verified the accuracy of geologic model inputs by comparison with drilling logs and laboratory reports, (2) compared the geologic model with compiled drilling data and (3) prepared a stratigraphic grid model of the geologic unit and independently estimated volumes. All calculations were conducted independently by John T. Boyd, then compared to our internal estimates and found to be within acceptable variance. A detailed description of the methodology used to calculate mineral reserves for the three material properties is provided in the TRSs filed as exhibits to this Annual Report. 
 For all properties, geographical modeling and mine planning efforts serve as a base assumption for resource and reserve estimates at each location. These outputs have been prepared by both our personnel and third-party consultants, and the methodology is compared to industry best practices. Mine planning decisions, such as mining bench height, execution of mining processes and ground control, are determined and agreed upon by our management. Management adjusts forward-looking models by reference to historic mining results, including reviewing performance versus predicted levels of production from the mineral deposit, and if necessary, reevaluating mining methodologies if production outcomes were not realized as predicted. Ongoing mining and investigation of the mineral deposit, coupled with product quality validation pursuant to industry best practices and customer expectations, provides further empirical evidence as to the homogeneity, continuity and characteristics of the mineral resource. Ongoing quality validation of production also provides a means to monitor for any potential changes in mineral quality. 
 Management also assesses risks inherent in mineral resource and reserve estimates, such as the accuracy of geological data that is used to support mine planning, identify hazards and inform operations of the presence of mineable deposits. Also, management is aware of risks associated with potential gaps in assessing the completeness of mineral extraction licenses, entitlements or rights, or changes in laws or regulations that could directly impact the ability to assess mineral resources and reserves or impact production levels. Risks inherent in overestimated reserves can impact financial performance when revealed, such as changes in amortization that are based on life of mine estimates. 
 Based on their review of our cost structure and their extensive experience with similar operations, John T. Boyd concluded that it is reasonable to assume that we will operate under a similar cost structure over the remaining life of our reserves. John T. Boyd further assumed that if our revenue per ton remained relatively constant over the life of the reserves, our current operating margins are sufficient to expect continued profitability throughout the life of our reserves. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. The disclosure called for by Part I, Item 3 regarding our legal proceedings is incorporated by reference herein from Part II, Item 8. Note 16 - Commitments and Contingencies - Litigation of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 We are committed to maintaining a culture that prioritizes mine safety. We believe that our commitment to safety, the environment and the communities in which we operate is critical to the success of our business. Our sand mining operations are subject to mining safety regulation. The U.S. Mining Safety and Health Administration MSHA is the primary regulatory organization governing frac sand mining and processing. Accordingly, MSHA regulates quarries, surface mines, underground mines and the industrial mineral processing facilities associated with and located at quarries and mines. The mission of MSHA is to administer the provisions of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 as amended by the Mine Improvement and 
 51 

New Emergency Response (MINER) Act of 2006 and to enforce compliance with mandatory miner safety and health standards. As part of MSHA s oversight, representatives perform at least two unannounced inspections annually for each above-ground facility. 
 We are also subject to regulations by the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA which has promulgated rules for workplace exposure to respirable silica for several other industries. Respirable silica is a known health hazard for workers exposed over long periods. In 2023, MSHA proposed similar rules, which would, among other updates, reduce the exposure limits, require immediate corrective actions if exposure limits are exceeded, require exposure sampling and no-cost medical surveillance, and update respiratory protection requirements. Airborne respirable silica is associated with work areas at our site and is monitored closely through routine testing and MSHA inspection. If the workplace exposure limit is lowered significantly, we may be required to incur certain capital expenditures for equipment to reduce this exposure. We also adhere to NISA s respiratory protection program, and ensures that workers are provided with fitted respirators and ongoing radiological monitoring. 
 Our operations are subject to the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended by the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act of 2006, which imposes stringent health and safety standards on numerous aspects of mineral extraction and processing operations, including the training of personnel, operating procedures, operating equipment, and other matters. Our failure to comply with such standards, or changes in such standards or the interpretation or enforcement thereof, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition or otherwise impose significant restrictions on our ability to conduct mineral extraction and processing operations. Following passage of The Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act of 2006, MSHA significantly increased the numbers of citations and orders charged against mining operations. The dollar penalties assessed for citations issued has also increased in recent years. Information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K (17 CFR 229.104) is included in Exhibit 95.1 to this Report. 
 52 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Shares of our common stock, traded publicly under the symbol, SND, have been publicly traded since November 4, 2016, when our common stock was listed and began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market NASDAQ ). Prior to that date, there was no public market for our stock. 
 Holders of Record 
 On March 4, 2024, there were 43,008,960 shares of our common stock outstanding, which were held by approximately 31 stockholders of record. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 
 Dividends 
 Our ability to pay dividends is governed by (i) the provisions of Delaware corporate law, (ii) our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, and (iii) our ABL Credit Facility. To date, we have not paid or declared any dividends on our common stock and there is no assurance that we will pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the future. The future payment of cash dividends on our common stock, if any, is within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, and other relevant factors. 
 Smart Sand, Inc. Comparative Stock Performance Graph 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock, the cumulative total return on the Russell 3000 Index and the Standard and Poor s Small Cap 600 GICS Oil Gas Equipment Services Sub-Industry for the last five years. 
 
 The graph assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2018, in our common stock, the Russell 3000, and the Standard and Poor s Small Cap 600 GICS Oil Gas Equipment Services Sub-Industry Index. The cumulative total return assumes the reinvestment of all dividends. 
 
 The information contained in this Smart Sand, Inc. Comparative Stock Performance Graph section shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or filed or incorporated by reference in future filings with the SEC, or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 53 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, no shares were sold by the Company without registration under the Securities Act of 1933. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 54 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with Item 1, Business, and Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 This discussion contains forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Item 1, Business Forward-Looking Statements and Item 1A, Risk Factors, and elsewhere in this report. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in or implied by forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this report, particularly in Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 We use contribution margin, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow herein as non-GAAP measures of our financial performance. For further discussion of contribution margin, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow, see the section entitled Non-GAAP Financial Measures. in this Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We define various terms to simplify the presentation of information in this Report. All share amounts are presented in thousands. 

Factors Affecting Comparability of Our Financial Results 
 Our historical results of operations and cash flows may not be indicative of results of operations and cash flows to be expected in the future, principally for the following reasons: 
 Expansion of Operations . As discussed in the section entitled Recent Developments in this Item 7 of this Annual Report on form 10-K, we have been going through a period of substantial growth and expansion. In recent years we have added two mines, several terminals, and expanded our operations into industrial products. This growth and expansion reduces comparability of periods, due to increased revenue, cost of goods sold, operating costs, and capital investments. 
 Market Trends . In recent years, the increasing supply of sand, particularly in-basin sand, relative to demand, has led to continued volatility of frac sand prices. During most of 2020, demand for frac sand declined significantly due to decreased demand for oil and natural gas as a result of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, which caused a global decrease in all means of travel, the closure of borders between countries and a general slowing of economic activity worldwide. Activity in the oil and gas industry began to rebound in the fourth quarter of 2020 and throughout 2021 as the global distribution of COVID-19 vaccines ramped up and travel restrictions lessened. This improvement in oil and natural gas activity continued in 2022 and 2023 as oil and gas production increased worldwide due to demand relative to supply. We saw an increase in the volume of sand sold and improvements in sand pricing in 2022 and the first nine months of 2023. We did see softening demand in the fourth quarter of 2023 as our customers that had accelerated spending in the first nine months of the year exhausted their budgets. High levels of inflation have also led to increasing operating expenses in 2022 and 2023. Softening economic activities in certain countries, the continuation of the war in Ukraine, the conflict in the Middle East, along with President Biden s pause on LNG permits could impact oil and natural gas prices and overall oil and gas activity thereby leading to substantial volatility in demand and pricing in 2024. The continued volatility in oil and natural gas demand and potential for increased supplies of sand has led to continued reluctance by many customers to enter into long-term contracts. As such, customers have instead trended toward purchasing their frac sand supply in the spot market or under short term supply agreements at current market prices. 
 Litigation settlement. In 2021, we recorded bad debt of approximately 19.6 million. We entered into a settlement agreement related to previous litigation in which we collected a 35.0 million cash payment to settle 54.6 million of outstanding accounts receivable. 
 Impairment loss. In 2021, we recorded an inventory impairment loss of 2.2 million related to the write down of inventory driven by expected yield. There were no impairment losses in 2023 or 2022. 
 55 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 

Overview 
 We are a fully integrated frac and industrial sand supply and services company. We offer complete mine to wellsite proppant supply and logistics solutions to our frac sand customers. We produce low-cost, high quality Northern White sand, which is a premium sand used as proppant used to enhance hydrocarbon recovery rates in the hydraulic fracturing of oil and natural gas wells and for a variety of industrial applications. We also offer proppant logistics solutions to our customers through our in-basin transloading terminals and our SmartSystems TM wellsite storage capabilities. In late 2021, we created our Industrial Products Solutions IPS business in order to diversify our customer base and markets we serve by offering sand for industrial uses. We market our products and services to oil and natural gas exploration and production companies, oilfield service companies, and industrial manufacturers. We sell our sand through long-term contracts, short-term supply agreements or spot sales in the open market. We provide wellsite proppant storage solutions services and equipment under flexible contract terms custom tailored to meet the needs of our customers. We believe that, among other things: (i) the size and favorable geologic characteristics of our sand reserves; (ii) the strategic location and logistical advantages of our facilities; (iii) our proprietary SmartDepot TM portable wellsite storage silos, SmartPath transloader and SmartBelt TM conveyor; (iv), access to all Class I rail lines; and (v) the industry experience of our senior management team make us as a highly attractive provider of sand and logistics services. 
 We incorporated in Delaware in July 2011 and began operations at our Oakdale facility with 1.1 million tons of annual processing capacity in July 2012. After several expansions, our current annual processing capacity at our Oakdale facility is approximately 5.5 million tons of sand. 
 In September 2020, we acquired, all of the issued and outstanding interests in Eagle Proppants Holdings from Eagle, which included our Utica, Illinois processing facility, which has 1.6 million tons of annual sand processing capacity. 
 In March 2022, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding interests in Hi-Crush Blair, LLC, which included our Blair, Wisconsin processing facility. This facility has approximately 2.9 million tons of total annual sand processing capacity and contains an onsite, unit train capable rail terminal with access to the Class 1 Canadian National Railway. We commenced operations at the Blair facility in the second quarter of 2023. 
 We directly control five in-basin transloading facilities and have access to third party transloading terminals in all operating basins. We operate a unit train capable transloading terminal in Van Hook, North Dakota to service the Bakken Formation in the Williston Basin. We operate this terminal under a long-term agreement with Canadian Pacific Railway. We now serve the Appalachian Basin through three company-controlled terminals. In January 2022, we began operations at an additional unit train capable transloading terminal in Waynesburg, Pennsylvania, which we expanded in 2023. In December 2023 we acquired the right to operate a terminal in Minerva, Ohio and in January 2024 we acquired the rights to operate a terminal in Dennison, Ohio. We expect these two Ohio terminals to become operational in the second quarter of 2024. These terminals allow us to offer more efficient and sustainable delivery options to our customers. Additionally, we have long-standing relationships with third party terminal operators that allow us access to substantially all oil and natural gas exploration production basins of North America. We also have rights to use a rail terminal located in El Reno, Oklahoma, which we obtained as part of our acquisition of Eagle Proppants Holdings. 
 We also offer to our customers portable wellsite proppant storage and management solutions through our SmartSystems products and services. Our SmartSystems provide our customers with the capability to unload, store and deliver proppant at the wellsite, as well as the ability to rapidly set up, takedown and transport the entire system. This capability creates efficiencies, flexibility, enhanced safety and reliability for customers. Through our SmartSystems wellsite proppant storage solutions, we offer the SmartDepot and SmartDepotXL silo systems, SmartPath transloader SmartBelt conveyor, and our rapid deployment trailers. Our SmartDepot silos include passive and active dust suppression technology, along with the capability of a gravity-fed operation. Our self-contained SmartPath transloader is a mobile sand transloading system designed to work with bottom dump trailers and features a drive over conveyor, surge bin, and dust collection system, and we believe the system has the ability to keep up with any hydraulic fracturing operation. Our SmartBelt conveyor is designed to work with our SmartPath transloader to directly feed sand into the blender. Our rapid deployment trailers are designed for quick setup, takedown and transportation of the entire SmartSystem, and detach from the wellsite equipment, which allows for removal from the wellsite during operation. We have also developed a proprietary software program, the SmartSystem Tracker , which allows our SmartSystems customers to monitor silo-specific information, including location, proppant type and proppant inventory. We believe that our 
 56 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 

SmartSystems reduce trucking and related fuel consumption for our customers, helping them reduce their carbon footprint in their daily operations. 
 We have expanded our product line to offer Industrial Sand through IPS. In 2023, we completed the installation of blending and cooling assets at our Utica, Illinois facility that we believe will provide new opportunities to increase our customer base in the IPS business. While sales of IPS to customers were a small portion of our overall sand sales in 2022 and 2023, we expect to continue to expand and diversify to serve the major industrial markets throughout North America, including glass, foundry, building products, filtration, geothermal, renewables, ceramics, turf landscape, retail, recreation and more in 2024. 

Recent Developments 
 Ohio Transload Terminals 
 In late 2023 and early 2024, we acquired the rights to operate unit train capable transloading facilities located in Minerva, Ohio and Dennison, Ohio. We expect these sites to become operational in the second quarter of 2024 and believe that they will provide us with the opportunity to sell additional sand to existing and potential customers in the Appalachian Basin. 
 Blair Mine and Processing Facility 
 In April 2023, our processing facility located in Blair, Wisconsin became operational. This facility has approximately 2.9 million tons of total annual sand processing capacity and contains an onsite, unit train capable rail terminal with access to the Class 1 Canadian National Railway. We believe this facility will continue to provide us with opportunities to expand our customer base in Canada along with other portions of North America. 

Assets and Operations 
 Oakdale, Wisconsin 
 Our sand reserves in Oakdale include a balanced concentration of coarse sand, finer sand, and fine sand. We believe this mix of coarse and fine sand reserves, combined with demand for our products across a range of mesh sizes, provides us with relatively higher mining yields and lower processing costs than frac sand mines with predominantly coarse sand reserves. We have approximately 243 million tons of proven and probable recoverable reserves with an estimated life of mine to approximately 61 years, based on current volumes. 
 Our Oakdale facility is purpose-built to exploit the reserve profile in place and produce high-quality frac sand. Unlike some of our competitors, our primary processing and rail loading facilities are located in close proximity to the mine site, which limits the need for us to truck sand on public roads between the mine and the production facility, between wet and dry processing facilities, or from the processing facility to rail loading facilities. Our on-site transportation assets include approximately nine miles of rail track in a triple-loop configuration and four railcar loading facilities that are connected to a Class I rail line owned by Canadian Pacific. This enables us to simultaneously accommodate multiple unit trains and significantly increases our efficiency in meeting our customers frac sand transportation needs. Additionally, we have our unit train capable transload facility approximately three miles from the Oakdale facility in Byron Township, Wisconsin, which provides us with the ability to ship sand to our customers on the Union Pacific rail network. We believe that we are the only sand facility in Wisconsin that has dual served rail capabilities, which should create competition among our rail carriers and allow us to provide more competitive logistics options for our customers. 
 57 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 

Utica Peru, Illinois 
 Our Utica facility also has a large high-quality reserve base of primarily fine-mesh sand that is contiguous to the production facility and in close proximity to our Peru transload facility located on the BNSF railway. We have approximately 127 million tons of proven and probable reserves, and an estimated life of mine of approximately 106 years, based on current volumes. Our owned Peru transload facility has significant logistics assets to support our Utica operations. This facility is capable of handling multiple unit trains simultaneously and provides access to operating basins in the Western United States. Additionally, the CSX and BNSF rail lines, as well as industrial manufacturers in the greater Chicago area and other Midwestern metropolitan markets are within short trucking distances. 
 Blair, Wisconsin 
 Our Blair facility also has a large high-quality reserve base of primarily fine-mesh sand that is contiguous to the production facility and significant logistics assets located on the Canadian National railway. We have approximately 114 million tons of proven and probable reserves and an estimated life of mine of approximately 45 years, based on expected sales volumes. Our Blair facility provides us with significant logistics assets that further increases our logistics advantage, including access to the Canadian National Railway, a Class I rail line. In the second quarter of 2023, we commenced operations at the Blair facility; which gave us direct access to four Class I rail lines and the ability to access all Class 1 rail lines within the United States and Canada. 
 Logistics 
 Through our transloading terminal in Van Hook, North Dakota, we provide one of the most efficient and lowest-cost sources of Northern White sand in-basin to customers operating in the Bakken Formation in the Williston Basin. In 2021, we acquired the right to operate the Waynesburg, Pennsylvania terminal. In December 2023, we acquired rights to operate a transloading terminal in Minerva, Ohio. In January 2024 we acquired rights to operate a terminal in Dennison, Ohio. With these three terminals in the Appalachian Basin, we believe we are one of the premier providers of low cost high-quality Northern White Sand serving the Marcellus and Utica formations. We also acquired a rail terminal from the Eagle acquisition located in El Reno, Oklahoma, which allows us to economically provide frac sand to customers operating nearby, including customers using our SmartSystems last mile equipment. 
 Through our SmartSystems offering, we have the technology, production capacity and management team to compete further in the frac sand supply chain for our customers by offering logistics services from the mine all the way to the wellsite. Our SmartSystems consist of our SmartDepot proppant storage silos, our SmartPath transloader, our SmartBelt conveyor and our rapid deployment trailer system. 
 We believe our patented SmartDepot silos will outperform our competitors in that they can be set up or taken down rapidly, they include industry-leading passive and active dust suppression technology, they have the capability of gravity-fed operation and they can be filled by both pneumatic and gravity dump trailers. Our trailers detach, which reduces their footprint on the wellsite. In 2020, we developed a self-contained SmartPath transloader, which is a mobile sand transloading system designed to work with bottom dump trailers and features a drive over conveyor, surge bin, and dust collection system. We believe the system has the ability to keep up with any hydraulic fracturing operation. Our SmartBelt conveyor is designed to work with our SmartPath transloader to directly feed sand into the blender. Our rapid deployment trailers are designed for quick setup, takedown and transportation of the entire SmartSystem, and they detach from the wellsite equipment, which allows for removal from the wellsite during operation. We have also developed a proprietary software program, the SmartSystem Tracker TM , which allows our SmartSystems customers to monitor silo-specific information, including location, proppant type and proppant inventory. 
 Through the expansion of our SmartSystems fleet and other logistics options, we continue evaluating ways to reduce the landed cost of our products in-basin and to the wellsite for our customers while increasing our customized service offerings to provide additional delivery and pricing alternatives, including selling product on an as-delivered basis to the wellsite. We believe that our SmartSystems reduce trucking and related fuel consumption for our customers, helping them reduce their carbon footprint in their daily operations. 
 We expect to continue to capitalize on our three operating facilities logistics networks to maximize our product shipments, increase our railcar utilization and lower our transportation costs. We now have direct access to four Class I rail lines and the ability to access all Class 1 rail lines within the United States and Canada. 
 58 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 

How We Generate Revenue 
 We generate revenue by excavating and processing frac sand, which we sell to our customers in the oil and gas industry under short and long-term contracts agreements or as spot sales at prevailing market rates. For in-basin sales, revenues also include a charge for transportation and handling services provided to customers. Our contracts typically contain a minimum volume purchase requirement and provide for delivery of frac sand from one of our processing facilities, transloading terminals or another location specified by our customers. Revenue is generally recognized as products are delivered to customers in accordance with the contract. 
 We generate revenue from our SmartSystems by renting equipment and providing services to our customers under contract terms tailored to meet their short-term or long-term needs with any number of SmartDepots, SmartPaths, SmartBelts or trailers they require. We recognize rental revenue when the equipment is made available for the customer to use, services are provided, or other obligations in the contract are met. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, we expanded our product line to begin offering sand through IPS. In 2023, we completed the installation of blending and cooling assets at our Utica, Illinois facility that we believe will provide new opportunities to increase our customer base in the IPS business. While sales of IPS to customers were a small portion of our overall sand sales in 2022 and 2023, we expect to continue to expand and diversify to serve the major industrial markets throughout North America, including glass, foundry, building products, filtration, geothermal, renewables, ceramics, turf landscape, retail, recreation and more in 2024. 
 Costs of Conducting Our Business 
 The principal direct costs involved in operating our business are freight charges, which include transportation and railcar rental expenses, and production costs, which consists of labor, maintenance, utilities, equipment, excavation and depreciation of our property, plant and equipment. We incur labor costs associated with employees at our processing facilities which represent the most significant cost of converting sand to finished products. Our sand processing and logistics facilities undergo maintenance to minimize unscheduled downtime and ensure the ongoing quality of our sand and ability to meet customer demands. We incur utility costs in connection with the operation of our processing and logistics facilities, primarily electricity and natural gas, which are both susceptible to market fluctuations. We lease equipment in many areas of our operations including some of our mining and hauling equipment and logistics services. Excavation costs relate to the blasting and excavation of sand and other materials in order to retrieve desirable sand products. In addition, other costs including processing costs, overhead allocation, depreciation and depletion are capitalized as a component of inventory and are reflected in cost of goods sold when inventory is sold. 

Overall Trends and Outlook 
 Demand Trends 
 
 According to Spears, the North American proppant market, including frac sand, ceramic and resin-coated proppant, was approximately 132 million tons in 2023, an approximate 5 increase from the 127 million tons Spears reported for 2022. Spears estimates that 2024 demand will remain similar to 2023. 
 
 Supply Trends 
 
 There has been consolidation activity including mergers, acquisitions, closures of mines and bankruptcy filings among our peers. Additional consolidation activity is expected in 2024 in the mining, transloading and logistics businesses. 
 
 Supplies of high-quality Northern White frac sand are limited to select areas, predominantly in western Wisconsin and limited areas of Minnesota and Illinois. We believe the ability to obtain large contiguous reserves in these areas is a key constraint and can be an important supply consideration when assessing the economic viability of a potential frac sand processing facility. Further constraining the supply and throughput of Northern White frac sand is that not all of the large reserve mines have on-site excavation, processing or logistics capabilities, which impact the long-term competitiveness of these mines due to lower efficiency and higher cost structures. Historically, much of the capital investment in Northern White frac sand mines was used for the development of coarser deposits in western Wisconsin, which is inconsistent with the increasing demand for finer mesh frac sand in recent years. As such, we ve seen competitors in the Northern White frac sand market 
 59 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 

reduce their capacity by shuttering or idling operations due to the shift to finer sands in hydraulic fracturing of oil and natural gas wells and due to lower cost regional sand sources that has eroded the ongoing economic viability of mines with coarser reserve deposits and inefficient mining and logistics facilities. 
 Management s Outlook 
 In 2021, we started several strategic initiatives to take advantage of the market downturn to set ourselves up for success in future years. These initiatives primarily consisted of growing our asset base and product offerings. We have increased the size of our terminal network by opening our Waynesburg, Pennsylvania transloading terminal in 2022 and expanding it in 2023, along with adding two transloading terminals in recent months in Minerva, Ohio and Dennison, Ohio. With these three terminals in the Appalachian Basin, we believe we are one of the premier providers of low-cost high-quality Northern White Sand into this key market. We expect these newly added terminals to become operational in the second quarter of 2024 and should allow us to expand our product and logistics offerings in the Utica Formation. We also increased our production capacity with our acquisition of the Blair, Wisconsin mine and processing facility in 2022. This facility, which has approximately 2.9 million tons of total annual sand processing capacity, contains an onsite, unit train capable rail terminal with access to the Class 1 Canadian National Railway and became operational in the second quarter of 2023. With this acquisition, we now have direct access to four Class I rail lines and the ability to access all Class 1 rail lines within the United States and Canada. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, we expanded our product line to begin offering IPS. Since then, we have worked to expand and diversify our customer base to serve the major industrial markets throughout North America, including glass, foundry, building products, filtration, geothermal, renewables, ceramics, turf landscape, retail and recreation. Our IPS business, while a small part of our overall sales, has continued to grow and we are investing to support this growth potential. In 2023, we completed the installation of blending and cooling assets at our Utica, Illinois facility that we believe will provide new opportunities to increase our customer base in the IPS business. 
 
 We expect the demand for frac sand in 2024 to continue to be at healthy levels. We believe higher demand driven by increased laterals and higher amounts of sand per well completed should lead to sand prices remaining relatively stable in 2024. 
 Beginning in 2021 and continuing throughout 2023, exploration and production companies have moved to a more disciplined approach to new drilling activity leading to less volatility in supply relative to demand and subsequently higher overall oil and natural gas prices. Demand for both frac sand and our SmartSystems is influenced by the volume of oil and natural gas wells being drilled and completed, as well as the types of wells that are completed. We expect the Bakken and Marcellus formations as well as the Canada markets to continue to be key markets for us and we look to expand our market share in these key areas through our current strategic initiatives. 
 The industry trends continue towards drilling and completing wells with longer laterals and more frac stages per lateral foot drilled. This trend is leading to higher volumes of sand per well and the need for oil and natural gas exploration companies to manage larger volumes of sand at the wellsite. We believe these trends support continued demand for frac sand and increased demand for SmartSystems as customers look to create synergies in the time and cost of managing their sand needs at the wellsite. 
 We generally expect the price of frac sand to fluctuate based on the level of drilling and completions activity for oil and natural gas as well as overall supply for frac sand relative to demand. We believe the supply of sand to be stabilizing or contracting as consolidation in the industry continues. The willingness of exploration and production companies to engage in new drilling is determined by a number of factors, the most important of which are the prevailing and projected prices of oil and natural gas, the cost to drill, complete and operate a well, the availability and cost of capital and environmental and government regulations, as well as their ability to source sand delivered to the wellsite. We generally expect the level of drilling to correlate with long-term trends in commodity prices. Similarly, oil and natural gas production levels nationally and regionally generally tend to correlate with drilling activity. 

60 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 

GAAP Results of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 2023 compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2022: Year Ended December 31, Change 2023 2022 Dollars Percentage (in thousands, except percentage change) Revenues: Sand sales revenue 283,160 243,162 39,998 16 Shortfall revenue 4,304 5,010 (706) (14) Logistics revenue 8,509 7,568 941 12 Total revenue 295,973 255,740 40,233 16 Cost of goods sold 254,418 226,149 28,269 13 Gross profit 41,555 29,591 11,964 40 Operating expenses: Salaries, benefits and payroll taxes 18,309 13,480 4,829 36 Depreciation and amortization 2,535 2,244 291 13 Selling, general and administrative 20,413 17,288 3,125 18 Loss (gain) on disposal of fixed assets, net 1,802 (294) 2,096 (713) Bad debt expense 1 (1) (100) Total operating expenses 43,059 32,719 10,340 32 Operating loss (1,504) (3,128) 1,624 52 Other (expenses) income: Interest expense, net (1,272) (1,608) 336 (21) Other income 524 828 (304) (37) Total other (expenses) income, net (748) (780) 32 4 Loss before income tax benefit (2,252) (3,908) 1,656 42 Income tax benefit (6,901) (3,205) (3,696) 115 Net income (loss) 4,649 (703) 5,352 761 
 Revenue 
 Revenue was 296.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, during which we sold approximately 4,514,000 tons of sand. Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 255.7 million, during which we sold approximately 4,333,000 tons of sand. The key factors contributing to the increase in revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 Sand sales revenue increased from 243.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to 283.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as a result of higher total volumes sold. Sand volumes increased by 4 from 2022 to 2023. Additionally, sand prices increased during a portion of the year due to a shift in supply and demand, which we believe was driven by increased completion activity of new oil and natural gas wells. 
 We had 4.3 million of contractual shortfall revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 5.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. We recognize revenue to the extent of the unfulfilled minimum contracted quantity at the shortfall price per ton as stated in the contract. 
 Logistics revenue, which includes freight for certain mine gate sand sales, logistics services and SmartSystems rentals, was 8.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, an increase of 0.9 million when compared to logistics revenue of 7.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in logistics revenue was due to higher utilization of our SmartSystems equipment. 
 
 61 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 

Cost of Goods Sold 
 Cost of goods sold was 254.4 million and 226.1 million, for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. The increase was primarily due to higher volumes sold and the related increase in production costs and freight costs that accompany higher volumes. 
 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit was 41.6 million and 29.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. The increase in gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2023 was primarily due to higher sales volumes and higher average sale prices of our sand relative to the cost to produce and deliver products to our customers. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses were 43.1 million and 32.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. Salaries, benefits and payroll taxes increased to 18.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to 13.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to increased staffing to support our expanded operations. Depreciation and amortization increased 0.3 million from 2023 as compared to 2022. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased from 17.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to 20.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, driven by higher maintenance costs, royalty payments, insurance, and other costs primarily related to the addition of our Blair facility. In 2023, we recorded a 1.8 million net loss on disposal of fixed assets, which was primarily due to a reconfiguration of one of our wet plants to increase the efficiency of its operations. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 We incurred 1.3 million and 1.6 million of net interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 Income tax benefit was 6.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to income tax benefit of 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, our effective tax rate was approximately 306.4 and 82.0 , respectively, based on the annual effective tax rate net of discrete federal and state taxes. The computation of the effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 included modifications from the statutory rate such as income tax credits, depletion deductions, carrybacks as a result of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act, and state apportionment changes, among other items. 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 Net income was 4.6 million for year ended December 31, 2023 compared to net loss of (0.7) million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in net income is attributable to an increase in total volumes sold and higher average sale prices of our sand, which was partially offset by higher operating costs due to the opening of the Blair facility. Additionally, a larger benefit from income taxes was recorded in the current period. 

62 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021: Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Dollars Percentage (in thousands, except percentage change) Revenues: Sand sales revenue 243,162 117,402 125,760 107 Shortfall revenue 5,010 4,421 589 13 Logistics revenue 7,568 4,825 2,743 57 Total revenue 255,740 126,648 129,092 102 Cost of goods sold 226,149 140,384 85,765 61 Inventory impairment loss 2,170 (2,170) (100) Gross profit 29,591 (15,906) 45,497 (286) Operating expenses: Salaries, benefits and payroll taxes 13,480 11,258 2,222 20 Depreciation and amortization 2,244 1,980 264 13 Selling, general and administrative 17,288 14,194 3,094 22 Loss (gain) on disposal of fixed assets, net (294) 555 (849) (153) Bad debt expense 1 19,592 (19,591) (100) Total operating expenses 32,719 47,579 (14,860) (31) Operating loss (3,128) (63,485) 60,357 (95) Other (expenses) income: Interest expense, net (1,608) (1,979) 371 (19) Other income 828 5,773 (4,945) (86) Total other (expenses) income, net (780) 3,794 (4,574) (121) Loss before income tax benefit (3,908) (59,691) 55,783 (93) Income tax benefit (3,205) (9,017) 5,812 (64) Net income (loss) (703) (50,674) 49,971 (99) 
 
 Revenue 
 Revenue was 255.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, during which we sold approximately 4,333,000 tons of sand. Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 126.6 million, during which we sold approximately 3,189,000 tons of sand. The key factors contributing to the increase in revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 were as follows. 
 Sand sales revenue increased from 117.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 243.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of higher total volumes sold and higher sand prices. Sand volumes increased by 36 from 2021 to 2022. Additionally sand prices have increased due to a shift in supply and demand, which we believe was driven by increased prices in oil and natural gas leading to increased completion activity of new oil and natural gas wells. 
 
 We had 5.0 million of contractual shortfall revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 4.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. We recognize revenue to the extent of the unfulfilled minimum contracted quantity at the shortfall price per ton as stated in the contract. 
 
 Logistics revenue, which includes freight for certain mine gate sand sales, railcar usage, logistics services and SmartSystems rentals, was 7.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to logistics revenue of 4.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 2.7 million increase in logistics revenue was due to higher utilization of our SmartSystems equipment. 
 
 63 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 

Cost of Goods Sold 
 Cost of goods sold was 226.1 million and 140.4 million, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The increase was primarily due to higher volumes sold and the related increase in production costs and freight costs that accompany higher volumes. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit was 29.6 million and (15.9) million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to higher sales volumes and higher average sale prices of our sand relative to the cost to produce and deliver products to our customers. Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2021 included 2.2 million related to a write-down of inventory based on expected yield. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses were 32.7 million and 47.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. In 2021, we recorded 19.6 million in non-cash bad debt expense, which is the difference between the 54.6 million accounts receivable balance that was subject to litigation and the 35.0 million cash payment received under a settlement agreement. Salaries, benefits and payroll taxes increased to 13.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 11.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, due primarily to increased bonuses as management reinstated a formal employee bonus plan based on company performance for 2022 and increased staffing to support our IPS business. Depreciation and amortization increased slightly from 2022 as compared to 2021. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased from 14.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 17.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily driven by development costs, royalty payments and other costs related to our Blair facility and our Waynesburg terminal. 
 Other Income 
 
 We qualified for federal government assistance through employee retention credit provisions of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded 5.0 million of employee retention credits. The calculation of the credit is based on employees continued employment and represents a portion of the wages paid to them. For income tax purposes, the credit will result in decreased expense related to the wages it offsets in the period received. 
 Interest Expense 
 We incurred 1.6 million and 2.0 million of net interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2022, we continued to reduce debt levels and decrease interest expense through scheduled amortizing payments. 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 Income tax benefit was 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to income tax benefit of 9.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our effective tax rate was approximately 82.0 and 15.1 , respectively, based on the annual effective tax rate net of discrete federal and state taxes. The computation of the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included modifications from the statutory rate such as income tax credits, depletion deductions, carrybacks as a result of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act, and state apportionment changes, among other items. 
 Net Loss 
 Net loss was (0.7) million for year ended December 31, 2022 compared to net loss of (50.7) million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net loss is attributable to an increase in total volumes sold and higher average sale prices of our sand in addition to non-cash bad debt expense recorded in the prior year against the residual balance of accounts receivable that were previously the subject of litigation in the prior year. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Contribution margin, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow are not financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP. We believe that the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures will provide useful information to 
 64 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 

investors in assessing our financial condition and results of operations. Gross profit is the GAAP measure most directly comparable to contribution margin, net income is the GAAP measure most directly comparable to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA and net cash provided by operating activities is the GAAP measure most directly comparable to free cash flow. Our non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as alternatives to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Each of these non-GAAP financial measures has important limitations as analytical tools because they exclude some but not all items that affect the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. You should not consider contribution margin, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA or free cash flow in isolation or as substitutes for an analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Because contribution margin, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow may be defined differently by other companies in our industry, our definitions of these non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing their utility. 

Contribution Margin 
 We use contribution margin, which we define as total revenues less costs of goods sold excluding depreciation, depletion and accretion of asset retirement obligations, to measure our financial and operating performance. Contribution margin excludes other operating expenses and income, including costs not directly associated with the operations of our business such as accounting, human resources, information technology, legal, sales and other administrative activities. 
 Gross profit is the GAAP measure most directly comparable to contribution margin. Contribution margin should not be considered an alternative to gross profit presented in accordance with GAAP. Because contribution margin may be defined differently by other companies in our industry, our definition of contribution margin may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing its utility. The following table presents a reconciliation of contribution margin to gross profit. Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands) Revenue 295,973 255,740 126,648 Cost of goods sold 254,418 226,149 140,384 Gross profit 41,555 29,591 (13,736) Depreciation, depletion, and accretion of asset retirement obligations included in cost of goods sold 
 25,469 25,038 24,258 Contribution margin 67,024 54,629 10,522 Contribution margin per ton 14.85 12.61 3.30 Total tons sold 4,514 4,333 3,189 
 Contribution margin was 67.0 million, or 14.85 per ton sold, for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 54.6 million, or 12.61 per ton sold, for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in overall contribution margin and contribution margin per ton sold for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to higher sales volumes and higher average sale prices, production cost savings, partially offset by higher freight costs. 
 Contribution margin was 54.6 million, or 12.61 per ton sold, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 10.5 million, or 3.30 per ton sold, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in overall contribution margin and contribution margin per ton sold for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to higher sales volumes and higher average sale prices relative to the cost to deliver products to our customers, along with increased IPS sales and higher utilization of our SmartSystems fleet in 2022 as compared to 2021. 

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define EBITDA as net income, plus: (i) depreciation, depletion and amortization expense; (ii) income tax expense (benefit); (iii) interest expense; and (iv) franchise taxes. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA, plus: (i) gain or loss on sale of fixed assets or discontinued operations; (ii) integration and transition costs associated with specified transactions; (iii) equity compensation; (iv) acquisition and development costs; (v) non-recurring cash charges related to restructuring, retention and other similar actions; (vi) earn-out, contingent consideration obligations and other acquisition and development costs; and (vii) 
 65 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 

non-cash charges and unusual or non-recurring charges. Adjusted EBITDA is used as a supplemental financial measure by management and by external users of our financial statements, such as investors and commercial banks, to assess: 
 the financial performance of our assets without regard to the impact of financing methods, capital structure or historical cost basis of our assets; 
 the viability of capital expenditure projects and the overall rates of return on alternative investment opportunities 
 our ability to incur and service debt and fund capital expenditures 
 our operating performance as compared to those of other companies in our industry without regard to the impact of financing methods or capital structure; and 
 our debt covenant compliance, as Adjusted EBITDA is a key component of critical covenants to the ABL Credit Facility. 
 We believe that our presentation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA will provide useful information to investors in assessing our financial condition and results of operations. Net income is the GAAP measure most directly comparable to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered alternatives to net income presented in accordance with GAAP. Because EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA may be defined differently by other companies in our industry, our definitions of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing their utility. The following table presents a reconciliation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to net income for each of the periods indicated. Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net income (loss) 4,649 (703) (50,674) Depreciation, depletion and amortization 27,363 26,521 25,495 Income tax benefit (6,901) (3,205) (9,017) Interest expense 1,532 1,661 2,014 Franchise taxes 804 353 290 EBITDA 27,447 24,627 (31,892) (Gain) loss on sale of fixed assets 1,802 (294) 555 Equity compensation 3,391 2,729 2,933 Royalty stock issuance 639 Employee retention credit (5,026) Acquisition and development costs (1) 
 545 675 28 Non-cash impairments (2) 
 2,170 Cash charges related to restructuring and retention 32 137 9 Accretion of asset retirement obligations 904 758 740 Adjusted EBITDA 34,121 29,271 (30,483) 
 (1) Represents costs incurred related to the business combinations and current development project activities. The year ended December 31, 2023 includes 271 of costs related to the asst acquisition of the Blair facility and 274 related to the Minerva, Ohio terminal. 
 (2) The year ended December 31, 2021 represents a write-down of our inventory based on expected yield. 
 _________________________ 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA was 34.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 29.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to higher sales volumes and production costs savings, partially offset by higher freight costs. 
 Adjusted EBITDA was 29.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to (30.5) million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to a decrease in net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of higher sales volumes and 
 66 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 

higher average selling prices of our sand and non-cash bad debt expense of 19.6 million related to a litigation settlement in 2021. 

Free Cash Flow 
 Free cash flow, which we define as net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property, plant and equipment, is used as a supplemental financial measure by our management and by external users of our financial statements, such as investors and commercial banks, to measure the liquidity of our business. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities is the GAAP measure most directly comparable to free cash flows. Free cash flows should not be considered an alternative to net cash provided by operating activities presented in accordance with GAAP. Because free cash flows may be defined differently by other companies in our industry, our definition of free cash flows may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing its utility. The following table presents a reconciliation of free cash flows to net cash provided by operating activities. Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 30,991 5,420 32,438 Acquisition of Blair facility (6,547) Purchases of property, plant and equipment (23,031) (12,731) (11,220) Free cash flow 7,960 (13,858) 21,218 
 Free cash flow was 8.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. Net cash provided by operating activities increased to 31.0 million in 2023, compared to 5.4 million in 2022, primarily due to higher cash generated from increased sales volumes and higher sales prices. In 2022, net cash provided by operating activities was lower primarily due to an increase in working capital requirements early in the year to support a significant increase in sales volumes. Capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2023 were 23.0 million compared to 12.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Free cash flow was (13.9) million for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, positive cash flow from operating activities came late in the year as cash collections caught up with increased working capital requirements due to significant increase in sales volumes. The acquisition of the Blair facility and planned capital expenditures more than offset the cash provided by operating activities. Capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 12.7 million compared to 11.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flow generated from operations, availability under our ABL Credit Facility and other equipment financing sources. As of December 31, 2023, cash on hand was 6.1 million and we had 12.0 million in undrawn availability on our ABL Credit Facility. Our current ABL Credit Facility matures on December 13, 2024. 
 Based on our balance sheet, cash flows, current market conditions, and information available to us at this time, we believe that we have sufficient liquidity and other available capital resources, to meet our cash needs for the next twelve months, including continued investment in efficiency projects at Oakdale, Blair and Utica facilities, as well as expansion and customization of our newly acquired Ohio terminals. 

Material Cash Requirements 
 Capital Requirements 
 We expect 2024 capital expenditures, excluding any acquisitions, to be between 19.0 million and 23.0 million, consisting primarily of capital for efficiency projects at Oakdale, Blair and Utica facilities, as well as expansion and customization of our newly acquired Ohio terminals. We expect to fund these capital expenditures with existing cash, cash generated from operations, borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility or other financing sources, such as equipment finance providers. 
 67 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 

Indebtedness 
 We have several debt facilities including the Oakdale Equipment Financing, various notes payable and our ABL Credit Facility. Our Oakdale Equipment Financing is secured by substantially all of the assets at our Oakdale facility. The balance on our Oakdale Equipment Financing as of December 31, 2023 was 7.9 million. Minimum cash payments on this facility in 2024 are 6.8 million. Our various notes payable are primarily secured by our manufactured SmartSystems equipment and other purchased heavy equipment. Total debt under these notes payable as of December 31, 2023 was 2.5 million. Minimum cash payments on these notes payable in 2024 are 1.1 million. There was 8.0 million in borrowings outstanding out our ABL Credit Facility as of December 31, 2023. The ABL facility matures on December 13, 2024. 
 Operating Leases 
 We use leases primarily to procure certain office space, railcars and heavy equipment as part of our operations. The majority of our lease payments are fixed and determinable. Our operating lease liabilities as of December 31, 2023 were 24.6 million. Minimum cash payments on operating leases in 2024 are 11.8 million. 
 Mineral Rights Propert y 
 The Company is obligated under certain contracts for minimum payments for the right to use land for extractive activities. The annual minimum payments under these contracts is approximately 2.5 million per year for the next 13 years. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We had 18.9 million and 17.7 million of outstanding performance bonds as of each of the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. These performance bonds assure our performance under our reclamation plan, maintenance and restoration of public roadways. 

Environmental Matters 
 We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing, among other things, hazardous materials, air and water emissions, environmental contamination and reclamation and the protection of the environment and natural resources. We have made, and expect to make in the future, expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations, but cannot predict the full amount of such future expenditures. 

Seasonality 
 Our business is affected to some extent by seasonal fluctuations in weather that impact the production levels for a portion of our wet sand processing capacity. While our dry plants are able to process finished product volumes evenly throughout the year, our excavation and our wet sand processing activities have historically been limited to primarily non-winter months. As a consequence, we have experienced lower cash operating costs in the first and fourth quarter of each calendar year, and higher cash operating costs in the second and third quarter of each calendar year when we overproduce wet sand to meet dry sand demand in the winter months. These higher cash operating costs are capitalized into inventory and expensed when these tons are sold, which can lead to us having higher overall cost of production in the first and fourth quarters of each calendar year as we expense inventory costs that were previously capitalized. We have indoor wet processing facilities at our Oakdale and Utica plant locations which allow us to produce wet sand inventory year-round to support a portion of our dry sand processing capacity, which may reduce certain of the effects of this seasonality. We may also sell frac sand for use in oil and natural gas producing basins where severe weather conditions may curtail drilling activities and, as a result, our sales volumes to those areas may be reduced during such severe weather periods. Additionally, over the last several years, exploration and production companies have become more disciplined in their spending patterns relative to their budgets, which has led to some of our customers completing their budgeted spending earlier in the year. This spending discipline could potentially lead to a slowdown in activity by our customers and lower sand demand in the fourth quarter of the year. 
 68 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 

Customer Concentration 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, Equitable Gas Corporation, and Liberty Oilfield Services accounted for 30.2 , and 11.4 respectively, of total revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Equitable Gas Corporation, Halliburton Energy Services, Encino Energy, and Liberty Oilfield Services accounted for 22.3 , 15.4 , 14.4 , and 13.7 , respectively, of total revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2021, Equitable Gas Corporation, Halliburton Energy Services, and Liberty Oilfield Services accounted for 24.3 , 18.3 , and 14.8 , respectively, of total revenue. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We evaluate these estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis and base our estimates on historical experience, current conditions and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities as well as identifying and assessing the accounting treatment with respect to commitments and contingencies. Our actual results may materially differ from these estimates. 
 Listed below are the accounting estimates that we believe are critical to our financial statements due to the degree of uncertainty regarding the estimates or assumptions involved. 
 Asset Retirement Obligation 
 We estimate the future cost of dismantling, restoring and reclaiming operating excavation sites and related facilities in accordance with federal, state and local regulatory requirements and recognize reclamation obligations when extraction occurs and record them as liabilities at estimated fair value. In addition, a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related asset is recorded and depreciated over such asset s useful life or the estimated number of years of extraction. The reclamation liability is accreted to expense over the estimated productive life of the related asset and is subject to adjustments to reflect changes in value resulting from the passage of time and revisions to the estimates of either the timing or amount of the reclamation costs. If the asset retirement obligation is settled for more or less than the carrying amount of the liability, a loss or gain will be recognized, respectively. The asset retirement obligation estimate is calculated by estimating the cost to reclaim an area as of the estimation date and inflating that cost to an estimated reclamation date, then discounting that inflated cost back to the reporting period date. Changes in the current estimate or the interest rates used for inflation or discount can have a material effect on the liability reported. In addition, due to the nature or our business, changes in mine planning can result in changes to our estimated future reclamation dates. 
 Inventory Valuation 
 Sand inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value using the average cost method. Costs applied to inventory include direct excavation costs, processing costs, overhead allocation, depreciation and depletion. Reserves are estimated for moisture loss and waste during production. Stockpile tonnages are calculated by measuring the number of tons added and removed from the stockpile. Tonnages are verified periodically by a survey. Costs are calculated on a per ton basis and are applied to the stockpiles based on the number of tons in the stockpile. There was no writedown of inventory value based on the lower of cost or net realizable value calculation. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 We periodically evaluate whether current events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our long-lived assets may not be recoverable. If circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, we estimate future undiscounted net cash flows, estimated future sales prices (considering historical and current prices, price trends and related factors) and anticipated operating costs and capital expenditures. If the carrying value of our long-lived assets is less than the undiscounted cash flows, the assets are measured at fair value and an impairment is recorded if that fair value is less than the 
 69 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 

carrying value. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we did not record any impairment charges based on the analysis of our long-lived assets. 
 Income Taxes 
 Under the balance sheet approach to provide for income taxes, we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of net operating loss carryforwards and temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the period in which those temporary differences become deductible. If we determine it is more likely than not that we will not be able to realize the benefits of the deductible temporary differences, we would record a valuation allowance against the net deferred tax asset. 
 We recognize uncertain tax positions at the largest amount that, in our judgment, is more-likely-than-not to be required to be recognized upon examination by a taxing authority. 
 We have recorded a liability of 2.2 million for uncertain tax positions included in deferred tax liabilities, long-term, net on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, related to our depletion deduction methodology, and a corresponding increase to the income tax expense on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we determined it is more likely than not that we will not be able to fully realize the benefits of certain existing deductible temporary differences and have recorded a valuation allowance against the deferred tax liabilities, long-term, net on our consolidated balance sheet in the amount of 0.9 million. The valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022 was 1.6 million. The corresponding increase to the income tax benefit on our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 0.7 million. 
 
 70 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. Historically, our risks have been predominantly related to potential changes in the fair value of our long-term debt due to fluctuations in applicable market interest rates. Going forward our market risk exposure generally will be limited to those risks that arise in the normal course of business, as we do not engage in speculative, non-operating transactions, nor do we utilize financial instruments or derivative instruments for trading purposes. We do not believe that inflation has a material impact on our financial position or results of operations during periods covered by the financial statements included in this filing. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 The market for proppant and proppant storage equipment is indirectly exposed to fluctuations in the prices of crude oil and natural gas to the extent such fluctuations impact drilling and completion activity levels and thus impact the activity levels of our customers in the oilfield services and exploration and production industries. Additionally the price fluctuations of natural gas, electricity, as well as diesel prices impact the overall cost of conducting our business. At times, we hedge a portion of our estimated indirect exposure to commodity price risk by entering into fixed price contracts for natural gas, propane and electricity. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The majority of our debt is financed under fixed interest rates. Borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to an applicable margin, plus, at our option, either a LIBOR rate or an alternate base rate ABR ). The applicable margin is 2.00 for LIBOR loans and 1.00 for ABR loans. There was a balance of 8.0 million our ABL Credit Facility as of December 31, 2023. We do not believe this represents a material interest rate risk. 
 Credit Risk 
 This concentration of counterparties operating in a single industry may increase our overall exposure to credit risk, in that the counterparties may be similarly affected by changes in economic, regulatory or other conditions. If a customer defaults or if any of our contracts expire in accordance with its terms, and we are unable to renew or replace these contracts or the related sales volumes, our gross profit and cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Our revenues and expenses are primarily in United States dollars; however, certain transactions are transacted in Canada dollars due to our SmartSystems manufacturing facility located in Canada. Thus, revenues, operating expenses, the results of operations, assets and liabilities may be affected to the extent that they are not hedged by the rise and fall of the relative value of the United States dollar to the Canada dollar. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities transacted in Canada dollars were immaterial to the results of operations. 
 
 71 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 The following Consolidated Financial Statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 PAGE Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 248) 
 73 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 74 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 75 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 76 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 77 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 78 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 79 

72 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Smart Sand, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Smart Sand, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule included under Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical audit matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 
 
 March 11, 2024 
 
 73 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2023 2022 (in thousands of U.S. dollars) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Unbilled receivables Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Deferred revenue Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term operating lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities, long-term, net Asset retirement obligation Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) Stockholders equity Common stock, par value, shares authorized; 
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023; 
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Treasury stock, at cost, and shares at 
 December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 74 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts) Revenues: Sand sales revenue Shortfall revenue Logistics revenue Total revenue Cost of goods sold Inventory impairment loss Gross profit ) Operating expenses: Salaries, benefits and payroll taxes Depreciation and amortization Selling, general and administrative Loss (gain) on disposal of fixed assets, net ) Bad debt expense Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) Other (expenses) income: Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other income Total other (expenses) income, net ) ) Loss before income tax benefit ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) per common share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted-average number of common shares: Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 75 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands of U.S. dollars) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 76 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 
 Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 
 Outstanding 
 Shares 
 Par Value Shares Amount (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share amounts) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Acquisition stock issuance Vesting of restricted stock Stock-based compensation Employee stock purchase plan compensation Employee stock purchase plan issuance Restricted stock buy back ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Acquisition stock issuance Vesting of restricted stock Stock-based compensation Employee stock purchase plan compensation Employee stock purchase plan issuance Restricted stock buy back ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Vesting of restricted stock Stock-based compensation Employee stock purchase plan compensation Employee stock purchase plan issuance Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) ) Restricted stock buy back ) ) ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 77 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands of U.S. dollars) Operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, depletion and accretion of asset retirement obligation Impairment loss Amortization of intangible assets (Gain) loss on disposal of assets ) Provision for bad debt Amortization of deferred financing cost Accretion of debt discount Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Stock-based compensation, net Employee stock purchase plan compensation Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Unbilled receivables ) ) Inventory ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets Deferred revenue ) ) Settlement of asset retirement obligation ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Acquisition, net of cash acquired ) Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from disposal of assets Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities: Repayments of notes payable ) ) ) Payments under financing lease obligation ) ) ) Proceeds from revolving credit facility Repayment of revolving credit facility ) ) Payment of contingent consideration ) Proceeds from equity issuance Royalty stock issuance Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 78 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

NOTE 1 
 million tons. 
 In September 2020, the Company acquired two frac sand mines and related processing facilities in Utica, Illinois and New Auburn, Wisconsin. The Utica facility has an annual processing capacity of million tons and access to the Burlington Northern Santa Fe BNSF Class I rail line through the Peru, Illinois transload facility. The Company began operating the Utica, Illinois mine and Peru, Illinois transload facility in October 2020. The Company has no plans to operate the New Auburn Facility for the foreseeable future. 
 In March 2022, the Company acquired its Blair, Wisconsin, whose primary assets of Blair consisted of an idle frac sand mine and related processing facility located in Blair, Wisconsin. The Blair facility has approximately million tons of total annual processing capacity and contains an onsite, unit train capable rail terminal with access to the Class 1 Canadian National Railway. The Company began operations at Blair in the second quarter of 2023. 
 With the Blair acquisition, the Company has direct access to four Class I rail lines and the ability to access all Class 1 rail lines within the United States and Canada. 
 The Company also offers proppant logistics solutions to its customers through, among other things, its in-basin transloading terminals and its SmartSystems TM wellsite proppant storage and management capabilities. 
 Transload Logistics Solutions 
 In March 2018, the Company acquired the rights to operate a unit train capable transloading terminal in Van Hook, North Dakota to service the Bakken Formation in the Williston Basin and began providing Northern White Sand in-basin in April 2018. 
 In September 2020, the Company acquired the rights to use a rail terminal located in El Reno, Oklahoma. 
 In September 2021, the Company acquired the rights to construct and operate a transloading terminal in Waynesburg, Pennsylvania to service the Appalachian Basin, including the Marcellus and Utica Formations. The Company began providing sand to customers through this terminal in January 2022 and recently expanded the facility s capacity in late 2023. 
 In December 2023 and January 2024, the Company acquired rights to use transloading terminals in Minerva, Ohio and Dennison, Ohio, respectively. These terminals will service the Appalachian Basin and are expected to commence operations in the second quarter of 2024. 
 In June 2018, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets of Quickthree Solutions, Inc., Quickthree ), a manufacturer of portable vertical proppant storage solution systems. Quickthree formed the basis for the Company s SmartSystems under which it offers various proppant storage solutions that create efficiencies, flexibility, enhanced safety and reliability for customers by providing the capability to unload, store and deliver proppant at the wellsite, as well as the ability to rapidly set up, takedown and transport the entire system. The SmartDepot TM silo includes passive and active dust suppression technology, along with the capability of gravity-fed operation. The self-contained SmartPath TM transloader is a mobile sand transloading system designed to work with bottom dump trailers and features a drive over conveyor, surge bin, and dust collection system. The SmartBelt TM conveyor works in conjunction with the SmartPath to provide sand directly into the blender 
 79 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

NOTE 2 
 . For the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company has decreased salaries, benefits and payroll taxes and increased selling, general and administrative line items by . There was no effect to the amounts reported in the first, second or third quarter financial statements of 2022. Pursuant to the guidance of Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No. 99, Materiality , the Company evaluated the materiality of this misclassification quantitatively and qualitatively and concluded that it was not material to any of its prior annual or quarterly financial statements or trends of financial results. The Company has reclassified the prior year financial statement presentation to conform to the current financial statement presentation. These reclassifications have no effect on previously reported net income. 
 
 80 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

81 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

in estimated unsatisfied performance obligations related to contracts with customers. The Company expects to perform these obligations and recognize revenue of approximately and in the years ending December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. These estimates include all open contracts as of December 31, 2023. Actual amounts earned may vary from these estimates as our contract prices include provisions for pricing changes discussed above. 
 Taxes Collected from Customers and Remitted to Governmental Authorities 
 We exclude from our measurement of transaction prices all taxes assessed by governmental authorities that are both (i) imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing transaction and (ii) collected from customers. 
 Significant Judgments 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were no unbilled receivables included in deferred revenue. The Company recorded , , and for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively as non-cash bad debt expense. The in non-cash debt expense in 2021 is the difference between the accounts receivable balance that was previously under litigation and the cash received under a settlement agreement. 
 82 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

Cost of sales generated from shipping was , and for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 for the year ended December 31, 2021. There was inventory impairment due to obsolescence for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 The spare parts inventory consists of critical spare parts. Spare parts inventory is accounted for on a first-in, first-out basis at the lower of cost or net realizable value. 
 Certain acquired inventory is stated at fair market value, as determined by its anticipated sales price less costs of disposal and reasonable profit allowance for selling efforts, which may be higher than its cost. 
 , , and are included in interest expense as of December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Costs related to the Oakdale Equipment Financing are presented net of the related debt and costs related to the ABL Credit Facility are presented in other assets on the balance sheet. 
 83 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

- 
 SmartSystems - 
 Vehicles - 
 Furniture and fixtures - 
 Plant and buildings - 
 Real estate properties - 
 Railroad and sidings 
 Land improvements 
 Deferred stripping costs - 
 
 Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged against income as incurred; betterments that increase the value or materially extend the life of the related assets are capitalized. Upon sale or disposition of property and equipment, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 There were impairments of long-lived assets or definite-lived intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 84 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

85 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were material probable environmental matters. 
 reportable operating segment. 
 86 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

The number of shares underlying equity-based awards that were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, 2021 was , and , respectively as their effect would be anti-dilutive. Assumed conversion of restricted stock Diluted weighted average common stock outstanding 
 of employee retention credits in other income on its consolidated statements of operations, of which remained included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023. The calculation of the credit is based on employees continued employment and represents a portion of the wages paid to them. For income tax purposes, the credit will result in decreased expense related to the wages it offsets in the period received. 

87 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

NOTE 3 
 Work in progress Finished goods Spare parts Total inventory 

NOTE 4 
 Prepaid expenses Prepaid income taxes, net Other receivables Other current assets Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 88 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

NOTE 5 
 SmartSystems Vehicles Furniture and fixtures Plant and buildings Real estate properties Railroad and sidings Land and land improvements Asset retirement obligation Mineral properties Deferred stripping costs Construction in progress Less: accumulated depreciation and depletion Total property, plant and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was , and for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depletion expense was , and for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company capitalized interest expense associated with the construction of new property, plant and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 

NOTE 6 
 
 The following table reflects the changes in the net carrying amounts of the Company s finite-lived intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022. Balance at December 31, 2021 Assets Acquired Pursuant to Business Combination Impairment Charges Amortization Expense Balance at December 31, 2022 Developed technology 
 89 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

) ) ) ) 
 The Company uses the straight-line method to determine the amortization expense for its definite-lived intangible assets. The weighted-average remaining useful life for the intangible assets is years. Amortization expense related to the purchased intangible assets was , and for the year ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 

NOTE 7 
 Accrued equipment expense Accrued professional fees Accrued royalties Accrued freight and delivery charges Accrued real estate tax Accrued utilities Sales tax liability Income taxes payable, net Other accrued liabilities Total accrued liabilities 
 
 90 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

NOTE 8 
 Oakdale Equipment Financing Finance leases Notes payable Current portion of long-term debt 
 Long-term debt consists of the following: December 31, 2023 2022 Oakdale Equipment Financing Finance leases Notes payable Long-term debt 
 ABL Credit Facility 
 On December 13, 2019, the Company entered into a senior secured asset-based credit facility with Jefferies Finance LLC, which matures on December 13, 2024. The available borrowing amount under the ABL Credit Facility as of December 31, 2023 was and is based on the Company s eligible accounts receivable and inventory, as described in the ABL Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2023, there was outstanding under the ABL Credit Facility, and was available to be drawn. We use this facility primarily as a source for working capital needs. Borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to an applicable margin, plus, at our option, either a LIBOR rate or an alternate base rate ABR as well as unused commitment fees. The applicable margin is for LIBOR loans and for ABR loans. Substantially all of the U.S. assets of the Company are pledged as collateral under the ABL Credit Facility. The ABL Credit Facility contains various reporting requirements, negative covenants and restrictive provisions and requires maintenance of financial covenants, under certain conditions, including a fixed charge coverage ratio, as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants. The weighted average interest rate on our ABL credit facility for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 
 91 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

in an equipment financing arrangement with Nexseer. The Oakdale Equipment Financing is legally comprised of an MLA and five lease schedules. The Oakdale Equipment Financing is considered a lease under article 2A of the Uniform Commercial Code but is considered a financing arrangement for accounting or financial reporting purposes and not a lease. Substantially all of the Company s mining and processing equipment at its Oakdale facility is pledged as collateral under the Oakdale Equipment Financing. The Oakdale Equipment Financing bears interest at a fixed rate of . The Company used the net proceeds to repay in full and terminate the previous credit facility, pay transaction costs, and the remainder was used for working capital purposes. The Oakdale Equipment Financing was originally set to mature on December 13, 2024. As a result of financial relief during the COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic in 2020, a portion of the Oakdale Equipment Financing maturity was extended to March 31, 2025. The Company has the right to prepay the financing and reacquire the underlying equipment on a lease schedule-by-lease schedule basis during the period commencing on the seventh month of the term and continuing until the 54th month of the term at a percentage of the purchase price of the relevant equipment, and at the end of the term at the fair market value of the equipment. The Oakdale Equipment Financing contains affirmative and restrictive covenants customary for transactions of this type. 
 
 Notes Payable 
 Notes payable primarily include various financing arrangements to finance the Company s manufactured wellsite proppant storage solutions equipment and heavy equipment. In June 2020, the Company executed a note payable to defer certain near-term minimum royalty payments. All notes payable bear interest at fixed rates between and . 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company purchased shares of the Company s common stock from Clearlake Capital Partners II (Master), L.P., an affiliate of Clearlake Capital Group Clearlake ), for , of which was paid in cash and the remainder was financed through an unsecured promissory note, bearing interest of , issued to Clearlake. This purchase represented substantially all of the common stock previously owned by Clearlake and approximately of the number of outstanding shares of the Company s common stock as of immediately prior to the purchase. At the time of purchase, Clearlake was a related party to the Company, and Jos Feliciano, the Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Clearlake, was on our board of directors. As of December 31, 2023, the entire balance of the unsecured promissory note has been paid in full. 
 Finance Leases 
 See Note 9 - Leases for additional information about the Company s finance leases. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total minimum payments Amount representing interest ) ) ) ) Amount representing unamortized lender fees 
 ) ) Present value of payments Less: current portion ) ) ) ) ) Total long-term debt, net 

92 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

NOTE 9 
 Financing Property, plant and equipment, net Total right-of use assets Lease liabilities Operating Operating lease liabilities, current and long-term portions Financing Long-term debt, current and long-term portions Total lease liabilities 
 Operating lease costs are recorded in a single expense on the statements of operations and allocated to the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities as depreciation expense and interest expense, respectively. Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease cost Short-term lease cost Total lease cost 
 
 93 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

Operating cash flows used for operating leases Financing cash flows used for finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term - finance leases years years Weighted average discount rate - finance leases Weighted average remaining lease term - operating leases years years Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total cash lease payments Less: amounts representing interest ) ) ) Total lease liabilities 

94 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

NOTE 10 
 as of December 31, 2023. Additions and revisions of prior estimates Accretion expenses Settlement of liability Balance at December 31, 2022 Additions and revisions of prior estimates Accretion expenses Settlement of liability ) Balance at December 31, 2023 

NOTE 11 
 Shortfall revenue Logistics revenue Total revenues 
 
 Deferred revenue recognition is as follows: December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 Total deferred revenue Total deferred revenue Recognized in 2023 Expected recognition: Expected recognition: 2024 2024 

95 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

NOTE 12 
 shares of the Company s common stock to employees, non-employee members of the Board and consultants of the Company. On April 3, 2020, the Company s Board adopted an amendment to the 2016 Plan to increase the available shares of common stock authorized for issuance by an additional shares. On April 22, 2022, the Company s board of directors adopted an amendment to the 2016 Plan to increase the available shares of common stock authorized for issuance by an additional shares. The awards can be issued in the form of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options or restricted stock. 
 During 2023, there were shares of restricted stock issued under 2016 Plan. During 2022 and 2021, and shares of restricted stock were issued under the 2016 Plan, respectively. The grant date fair value of all restricted stock outstanding during the year ended December 31, 2023 was between and per share. The shares issued in 2023, vest over one to from their respective grant dates and their grant date fair value was the actual market price of the Company s shares. The total number of shares and their respective values that vested during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were at , at and at , respectively. 
 The Company recognized , and of compensation expense for the restricted stock during 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in cost of goods sold and operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. related to granted but unvested stock awards. That expense is expected to be recognized as follows: 2025 2026 2027 2028 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeiture ) Unvested, December 31, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeiture ) Unvested December 31, 2023 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Shares of the Company s common stock may be purchased by eligible employees under the Company s 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan in six-month intervals at a purchase price equal to of the lesser of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on either the first day or the last day of each offering period. Employee purchases may not exceed of their gross compensation during an offering period. 
 96 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

NOTE 13) State and local ) Foreign Total current (benefit) expense ) Deferred Federal ) ) ) State and local ) ) ) Foreign Total deferred income tax benefit ) ) ) Total income tax benefit ) ) ) 
 Income tax expense differs from the amounts computed by applying the statutory income tax rates to pretax income. The statutory income tax rates were 21 for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. ) ) State taxes, net of U.S. federal benefit ) ) ) Foreign taxes Federal tax deductions ) ) Change in applicable tax rate ) Provision to return permanent difference ) ) R D credits ) ) Fuel tax credit ) ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits NOL carryback/carryforward ) Nondeductible asset basis Compensation deduction limitation Total income tax benefit ) ) ) 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of loss and credit carry-forwards and temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 
 97 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

Prepaid expenses and other Federal net operating losses State net operating losses Operating lease liabilities Total gross deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance ) ) Total net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation and amortization ) ) Foreign net operating losses ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax liabilities, long-term, net ) ) 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, the Company considered whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the period in which those temporary differences become deductible. A valuation allowance should be recorded if, based on the weight of all positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be related. At December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the Company determined it was more likely than not that it will not be able to fully realize the benefits of certain existing deductible temporary differences and has recorded a partial valuation allowance against the gross deferred tax assets on its consolidated balance sheet in the amount of and , respectively. 
 
 The Company has recorded a liability of for unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions included on its consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Additions based on prior year positions Decreases due to settlements and /or reduction in reserves Balance at December 31, 2022 Additions based on prior year positions Decreases due to settlements and /or reduction in reserves Balance at December 31, 2023 

NOTE 14 
 matching 
 98 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

and matching on the next of employee s eligible deferred compensation. Employees are immediately vested in both their contributions and the Company s matching contributions. In accordance with the provisions of the plan, the Company may make additional discretionary contributions to the accounts of its participants. There were no additional discretionary contributions during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company made matching contributions of , and , respectively to its U.S. Defined Contribution Plan. 
 
 Canada Group Savings Plan and Deferred Profit Sharing Plan 
 matching contributions on between - of the employee s salary, depending on their length of service to the Deferred Profit Sharing Plan. Employees are immediately vested in their contributions to the Group Savings Plan and vest in the Company s contributions to the Deferred Profit Sharing Plan after two years of service. All accounts opened prior to May 31, 2018 are fully vested. During the year ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company made matching contributions of and and , respectively, to its Deferred Profit Sharing Plan. 

NOTE 15 
 of the Company s total accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2022, four customers accounted for of the Company s total accounts receivable. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, of the Company s revenues were earned from two customers. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and of the Company s revenues were earned from four and three customers, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2023, one vendor accounted for of the Company s accounts payable. As of December 31, 2022, one vendor accounted for of the Company s accounts payable. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, two vendors accounted for , of the Company s cost of goods sold. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, two and one vendors accounted for and , respectively, of the Company s cost of goods sold. 
 The Company s primary product is Northern White frac sand and its mining operations are limited to Wisconsin and Illinois. There is a risk of loss if there are significant environmental, legal or economic changes to this geographic area. 
 people, of which were employed under collective bargaining agreements. The current collective bargaining agreements expire April 30, 2024. 

NOTE 16 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future minimum annual commitments under these obligations 
 
 99 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 

. 

NOTE 17 
 Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash investing activities: Asset retirement obligation Non-cash financing activities: Equipment purchased with debt Capitalized expenditures in accounts payable and accrued expenses Treasury stock purchased with debt 
 
 100 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not detect or prevent misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 As of December 31, 2023, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on its assessment, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is not yet required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, and will not be required to do so for as long as we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting for the three months ended December 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Information Required to be Disclosed on Form 8-K for the Fiscal Quarter Ended December 31, 2023, But Not Reported. 
 None. 
 Trading Plans 
 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2023, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) informed us of the or of a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 101 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this item with respect to directors and corporate governance will be set forth under Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors in the 2024 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The information required by this item with respect to executive officers of Smart Sand, Inc., pursuant to instruction 3 of paragraph (b) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K, is set forth following Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Executive Officers of the Registrant . 
 The information required by this item regarding Section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance will be set forth under Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the 2024 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item will be set forth under Executive Compensation in the 2024 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The Equity Compensation Plan Information table required pursuant to Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K will be set forth in the 2024 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The information required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management will be set forth under Principal Stockholders in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item will be set forth under Certain Relationships and Transactions with Related Persons and Corporate Governance in the 2024 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item will be set forth under Ratification of the Selection of Grant Thornton LLP as the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the Year Ending December 31, 2023 in the 2024 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 102 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Financial Statements 
 (1) The Consolidated Financial Statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 
 (b) Exhibits 
 2.1 Equity Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated September 18, 2020, by and between Smart Sand, Inc. and Eagle Materials, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 18, 2020) 
 2.2 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement by and among HI-CRUSH INC., HI-CRUSH BLAIR LLC, and Smart Sand, Inc. Dated as of March 4, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 8, 2022) 
 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Smart Sand, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 15, 2016) 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Smart Sand, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 15, 2016) 
 4.1 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 9, 2016, by and among Smart Sand, Inc. and the Persons listed on Schedule A thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 15, 2016) 
 4.2 Stockholders Agreement, dated November 9, 2016, by and among Smart Sand, Inc., Clearlake Capital Partners II (Master), L.P. and Keystone Cranberry, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 15, 2016) 
 4.3 Description of the Company s Capital Stock 
 10.1 Smart Sand, Inc. Amended and Restated 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 4, 2020) 
 10.2 Form of Time-Based Vesting Restricted Stock Award Agreement under Smart Sand, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Smart Sand Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 5, 2017 
 10.3 Form of Performance-Based Vesting Restricted Stock Award Agreement under Smart Sand, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Smart Sand Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 5, 2017) 
 10.4 Form of Time and Performance-Based Vesting Restricted Stock Award Agreement under Smart Sand, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Smart Sand Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 5, 2017) 
 10.5 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 15, 2016) 
 10.6 Amendment No. 1 to the Smart Sand, Inc. Amended and Restated 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 Smart Sand Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2022) 
 10.7 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and its officers and directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Amendment No. 2 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 18, 2016) 
 
 103 

10.8 Master Lease Agreement, dated December 13, 2019, among Smart Sand, Inc., Smart Sand Oakdale, LLC and Nexseer Capital (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2020) 
 10.9 ABL Credit Agreement, dated December 13, 2019, among Smart Sand, Inc., the subsidiary borrowers and guarantors party thereto, Jefferies Finance LLC, as issuing bank, swingline lender and agent, and certain other lenders from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Annual Report of Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2020) 
 10.10 Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated December 13, 2019, among Smart Sand, Inc., the subsidiary borrowers and guarantors party thereto and Jefferies Finance LLC, as agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2020) 
 10.11 First Amendment to ABL Credit Agreement, dated July 8, 2020, by and between Smart Sand, Inc. and Jefferies Finance LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 9, 2020) 
 10.12 Second Amendment to ABL Credit Agreement, dated September 18, 2020, by and between Smart Sand, Inc. and Jefferies Finance LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 9, 2020) 
 10.13 Third Amendment to ABL Credit Agreement, dated July 22, 2022, by and between Smart Sand, Inc. and Jefferies Finance LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 8, 2022) 
 10.14 Guarantee and Collateral Agreement Supplement, dated September 18, 2020, by and between Eagle Oil and Gas Proppants Holdings LLC and Northern White Sand LLC, and CRS Proppants LLC, and Jefferies Finance LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 9, 2020) 
 10.15 Master Product Purchase Agreement dated effective as of January 1, 2017 between Rice Drilling B, LLC and Smart Sand, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 6, 2017) 
 10.16 Railcar Usage Agreement dated effective as of January 1, 2017 between Rice Drilling B, LLC and Smart Sand, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 6, 2017) 
 10.17 First Amendment to the Master Product Purchase Agreement and First Amendment to Railcar Usage Agreement, dated June 21, 2019, between Smart Sand, Inc. and Rice Drilling B LLC, a subsidiary of EQT Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 7, 2019) 
 10.18 Letter Agreement to Master Product Purchase Agreement, dated May 26, 2020, between Smart Sand, Inc. and Rice Drilling B LLC, a subsidiary of EQT Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2020) 
 10.19 Second Amendment to Master Product Purchase Agreement and Second Amendment to Railcar Usage Agreement, dated September 28, 2020, between Smart Sand, Inc. and Rice Drilling B, LLC, a subsidiary of EQT Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 9, 2020) 
 10.20 Second Amended and Restated Master Product Purchase Agreement, dated September 10, 2019, by and between Smart Sand, Inc. and Schlumberger Technology Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 13, 2019) 
 10.21 Loan and Security Agreement, dated September 18, 2020, by and between Smart Sand, Inc. and Eagle Materials, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Smart Sand, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 18, 2020) 
 10.22 Settlement Agreement and Release, dated June 28, 2021, by and among Smart Sand, Inc., U.S. Well Services, LLC and U.S. Well Services, Inc. (incorporation by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Smart Sand Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2021) 
 10.23 Master Product Purchase Agreement, dated effective August 1, 2021, by and between Smart Sand, Inc. and EQT Production Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Smart Sand Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2021) 
 10.24 Technical Report Summary, Frac Sand Resources and Reserves Oakdale Mine, Monroe County, Wisconsin 
 10.25 Technical Report Summary, Frac Sand Resources and Reserves Utica Mine, Lasalle County, Illinois 
 10.26 Technical Report Summary, Frac Sand Resources and Reserves Blair Mine, Trempealeau County, Wisconsin 
 21.1 List of subsidiaries of Smart Sand, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 104 

23.2 Consent of John T. Boyd Company 
 31.1 Certification Pursuant to Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification Pursuant to Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 t 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 t 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 95.1 Mine Safety Disclosure Mine Safety Disclosure Exhibit 
 97.1 Policy for Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith Compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. Certain portions have been omitted pursuant to a confidential treatment request. Omitted information has been separately filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. t This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 105 

Signatures 
 Date: March 11, 2024 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 /s/ Charles E. Young /s/ Lee E. Beckelman Charles E. Young, Lee E. Beckelman Director and Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Christopher Green /s/ Frank Porcelli Christopher Green Frank Porcelli Controller and Vice President of Accounting Director (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Andrew Speaker /s/ Sharon Spurlin Andrew Speaker Sharon Spurlin Director Director (Chairman of the Board) /s/ Timothy J. Pawlenty Timothy J. Pawlenty Director 
 
 106 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 a202310kex43.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 

Exhibit 4.3 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY S CAPITAL STOCK REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following description of our capital stock registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.3 is a part. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ), Title 8 of the Delaware Code for additional information. 
 
 The authorized capital stock of Smart Sand, Inc. consists of 350,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share common stock ), and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.001 par value per share preferred stock ). Our preferred stock is not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 As of March 4, 2024, 50,412,448 shares of common stock were issued and 43,008,960 shares of common stock were outstanding. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 
 Subject to the rights of any holders of any outstanding shares or series of preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled to the payment of dividends when and as declared by our board of directors in accordance with applicable law and to receive other distributions. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Except as provided by law or in a preferred stock designation, holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and do not have cumulative voting rights. Except as otherwise required by law, holders of common stock are not entitled to vote on any amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designations relating to any series of preferred stock) that relates solely to the terms of any outstanding series of preferred stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designations relating to any series of preferred stock) or pursuant to the DGCL. 

Liquidation Rights 
 
 Subject to the rights of any holders of any outstanding shares or series of preferred stock, in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, whether voluntary or involuntary, our funds and assets, to the extent they may be legally distributed to holders of common stock, shall be distributed among the holders of the then outstanding common stock pro rata in accordance with the number of shares of common stock held by each such holder. 
 
 Other Rights and Preferences 
 
 All outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. The holders of common stock have no pre-emptive or other subscription rights. 
 
 Classification of the Board of Directors 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation divide our board of directors into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible, with staggered three-year terms. Subject to our stockholders agreement, under our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws, any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of our directors then in office, even though less than a quorum of the board of directors. 
 
 Listing 
 Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol, SND. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws 
 
 Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in control or change in our management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares, or transactions that our stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. Therefore, these provisions could adversely affect the price of our common stock. 
 
 Among other things our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 establish advance notice procedures with regard to stockholder proposals relating to the nomination of candidates for election as directors or new business to be brought before meetings of our stockholders. These procedures provide that notice of stockholder proposals must be timely given in writing to our corporate secretary prior to the meeting at which the action is to be taken. Generally, to be timely, notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary date of the annual meeting for the preceding year. Our Bylaws specify the requirements as to form and content of all stockholders notices. These requirements may preclude stockholders from bringing matters before the stockholders at an annual or special meeting 

provide our board of directors the ability to authorize undesignated preferred stock. This ability makes it possible for our board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change control of us. These and other provisions may have the effect of deferring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management of our company 
 
 provide that our board of directors will be divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible, with staggered three-year terms 
 
 subject to the stockholders agreement, provide that the size of our board of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors 
 
 subject to the stockholders agreement, provide that all vacancies, including newly created directorships, shall, except as otherwise required by law or, if applicable, the rights of holders of a series of preferred stock, be filled exclusively by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum 
 
 provide that any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and may not be effected by any consent in writing in lieu of a meeting of such stockholders, subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock with respect to such series 
 
 provide that our stockholders may only amend or repeal our Bylaws with the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote 
 
 provide that special meetings of our stockholders may only be called by the board of directors (except that certain stockholders (each, a Principal Stockholder may also call special meetings of our stockholders so long as such Principal Stockholder beneficially owns at least 20 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our stock) 
 
 provide that our stockholders may only amend our Certificate of Incorporation with the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote 
 
 provide that, subject to the rights of the preferred stockholders and the stockholders agreement, if any, any director may be removed only upon the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote and 
 
 provide that our Bylaws can be amended or repealed by the board of directors. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.24>
 3
 trs_oakdalemine.htm
 EX-10.24

trs_oakdalemine 

TECHNICAL REPORT SUMMARY FRAC SAND RESOURCES AND RESERVES OAKDALE MINE Monroe County, Wisconsin Prepared For SMART SAND, INC. Spring, Texas By John T. Boyd Company Mining and Geological Consultants Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Report No. 3555.021A FEBRUARY 2024 

John T. Boyd Company Mining and Geological Consultants February 28, 2024 File: 3555.021A Mr. Christopher Green, CPA Controller Smart Sand, Incorporated 1000 Floral Vale Boulevard, Suite 225 Yardley, PA 19067 Subject: Technical Report Summary Frac Sand Resources and Reserves Oakdale Mine Monroe County, Wisconsin Dear Mr. Beckelman: This SK-1300-compliant technical report summary provides the results of John T. Boyd Company s (BOYD) independent audit of the frac (proppant) sand resources and reserves for Smart Sand, Inc. s (Smart Sand) holdings as of December 31, 2021. We wish to acknowledge the cooperation of Smart Sand management and staff for providing the technical, financial, and legal information used in completing this project. Our findings are based on BOYD s extensive experience in preparing frac sand resource and reserve estimates used in U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings, and our knowledge of frac sand mining in Wisconsin, Illinois, and throughout North America. Respectfully submitted, JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY By: John T. Boyd II President and CEO Q:\ENG_WP\3555.021 - SS S-K 1300\3555.021A\Cover Letter.docx Chairman James W. Boyd President and CEO John T. Boyd II Managing Director and COO Ronald L. Lewis Vice Presidents Robert J. Farmer Matthew E. Robb John L. Weiss Michael F. Wick William P. Wolf Managing Director - Australia George Cumplido Managing Director - China Jisheng (Jason) Han Managing Director South America Carlos F. Barrera Managing Director Metals Gregory B. Sparks Pittsburgh 4000 Town Center Boulevard, Suite 300 Canonsburg, PA 15317 (724) 873-4400 (724) 873-4401 Fax jtboydp@jtboyd.com Denver (303) 293-8988 jtboydd@jtboyd.com Brisbane 61 7 3232-5000 jtboydau@jtboyd.com Beijing 86 10 6500-5854 jtboydcn@jtboyd.com Bogota +57-3115382113 jtboydcol@jtboyd.com www.jtboyd.com 

JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY TABLE OF CONTENTS Page LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TABLE OF CONTENTS GLOSSARY AND ABBREVIATIONS 1.0 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY ............................................................................. 1-1 1.1 Introduction ....................................................................................... 1-1 1.2 Property Description ......................................................................... 1-1 1.3 Geology ............................................................................................. 1-2 1.4 Exploration ........................................................................................ 1-3 1.5 Frac Sand Reserves and Quality ...................................................... 1-3 1.6 Operations ......................................................................................... 1-5 1.6.1 Mining .................................................................................... 1-5 1.6.2 Processing ............................................................................ 1-5 1.6.3 Infrastructure ......................................................................... 1-7 1.7 Financial Analysis ............................................................................. 1-7 1.7.1 Market Analysis ..................................................................... 1-7 1.7.2 Historic Capital Expenditures, Operating Costs, and Pricing .................................................................................. 1-12 1.7.3 Projected Sales Revenue, Production Costs, and CAPEX 1-13 1.7.4 Economic Analysis ............................................................... 1-14 1.8 Regulation and Liabilities ................................................................ 1-15 1.9 Conclusions ..................................................................................... 1-15 2.0 INTRODUCTION .......................................................................................... 2-1 2.1 Registrant and Purpose .................................................................... 2-1 2.2 Terms of Reference .......................................................................... 2-1 2.3 Expert Qualifications ......................................................................... 2-2 2.4 Principal Sources of Information ....................................................... 2-3 2.4.1 Site Visits .............................................................................. 2-3 2.4.2 Reliance on Information Provided by the Registrant ............ 2-4 2.5 Effective Date .................................................................................... 2-4 2.6 Units of Measure ............................................................................... 2-4 3.0 PROPERTY OVERVIEW ............................................................................. 3-1 3.1 Description and Location .................................................................. 3-1 3.2 History ............................................................................................... 3-1 3.3 Property Control ................................................................................ 3-1 3.3.1 Mineral Ownership ................................................................ 3-1 3.3.2 Surface Ownership ............................................................... 3-3 

TABLE OF CONTENTS - Continued Page JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 3.4 Adjacent Properties ........................................................................... 3-3 3.5 Regulation and Liabilities .................................................................. 3-3 3.6 Accessibility, Local Resources, and Infrastructure .......................... 3-3 3.7 Physiography .................................................................................... 3-4 3.8 Climate .............................................................................................. 3-4 4.0 GEOLOGY .................................................................................................... 4-1 4.1 Regional Geology ............................................................................. 4-1 4.2 Local Stratigraphy ............................................................................. 4-1 4.3 Frac Sand Geology ........................................................................... 4-3 5.0 EXPLORATION DATA ................................................................................. 5-1 5.1 Background ....................................................................................... 5-1 5.2 Exploration Procedures .................................................................... 5-1 5.2.1 Drilling and Sampling ............................................................ 5-1 5.2.2 Frac Sand Quality Testing ..................................................... 5-2 5.2.3 Other Exploration Methods ................................................... 5-2 5.3 Laboratory Testing Results ............................................................... 5-2 5.3.1 Grain Size Distribution ........................................................... 5-3 5.3.2 Grain Shape (Sphericity and Roundness) ............................. 5-3 5.3.3 Crush Resistance ................................................................... 5-3 5.3.4 Acid Solubility ......................................................................... 5-3 5.3.5 Turbidity ................................................................................ 5-4 5.3.6 Quality Summary ................................................................... 5-4 5.4 Data Verification ................................................................................ 5-4 6.0 FRAC SAND RESOURCES AND RESERVES ....................................... 6-1 6.1 Applicable Standards and Definitions ............................................... 6-1 6.2 Frac Sand Resources ....................................................................... 6-2 6.2.1 Methodology .......................................................................... 6-2 6.2.2 Classification ......................................................................... 6-4 6.2.3 Frac Sand Resource Estimate .............................................. 6-4 6.2.4 Validation .............................................................................. 6-4 6.3 Frac Sand Reserves ......................................................................... 6-5 6.3.1 Methodology .......................................................................... 6-5 6.3.2 Classification ......................................................................... 6-6 6.3.3 Frac Sand Reserve Estimate ................................................ 6-6 

TABLE OF CONTENTS - Continued Page JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 7.0 MINING OPERATIONS .............................................................................. 7-1 7.1 Mining Method .................................................................................. 7-1 7.2 Mine Schedule, Equipment, and Staffing ......................................... 7-2 7.3 Mine Production ................................................................................ 7-3 7.3.1 Historical Mine Production .................................................... 7-3 7.3.2 Forecasted Production .......................................................... 7-3 7.3.3 Expected Mine Life ............................................................... 7-4 7.3.4 Mining Risk ............................................................................. 7-4 8.0 PROCESSING OPERATIONS ................................................................... 8-1 8.1 Overview ........................................................................................... 8-1 8.2 Conclusion ......................................................................................... 8-3 9.0 MINE INFRASTRUCTURE .......................................................................... 9-1 10.0 MARKET ANALYSIS ................................................................................ 10-1 10.1 Permian Basin .................................................................................. 10-2 10.2 Appalachian Basin (Marcellus/Utica Play) and Niobrara Basin ...... 10-4 11.0 CAPITAL, REVENUES, AND OPERATING COSTS .............................. 11-1 11.1 Introduction ..................................................................................... 11-1 11.2 Historical Capital Expenditures ....................................................... 11-1 11.3 Historical Revenues and Operating Costs ..................................... 11-1 11.3.1 Historical Revenues .............................................................. 11-1 11.4 Projected Production, Sales, and Costs .......................................... 11-4 11.4.1 Production and Sales Projections ........................................ 11-4 11.4.2 Operating Cost Projections .................................................. 11-5 11.4.3 Projected Capital Expenditures ............................................ 11-6 12.0 ECONOMIC ANALYSIS ........................................................................... 12-1 12.1 Introduction ..................................................................................... 12-1 12.2 Economic Analysis .......................................................................... 12-2 12.2.1 Cash Flow Analysis .............................................................. 12-2 12.2.2 Sensitivity Analyses .............................................................. 12-4 13.0 PERMITTING AND COMPLIANCE ......................................................... 13-1 13.1 Permitting ........................................................................................ 13-1 13.2 Compliance ..................................................................................... 13-1 14.0 INTERPRETATION AND CONCLUSIONS ............................................. 14-1 14.1 Findings ........................................................................................... 14-1 14.2 Significant Risks and Uncertainties ................................................ 14-1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS - Continued Page JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY List of Tables 1.1 Oakdale Mine Exploration Drilling Campaign Summary .............................. 1-3 1.2 Reserves as of December 31, 2021 .............................................................. 1-4 1.3 Oakdale API/ISO Test Results for the DDH-1-10 Composite Sample ......... 1-4 1.4 Historical Capital Expenditures .................................................................... 1-12 1.5 Historical Sales Statistics ............................................................................. 1-12 1.6 Historical Average Mine Gate Pricing .......................................................... 1-12 1.7 Historical Cost of Production ....................................................................... 1-13 1.8 Oakdale Sales Projections........................................................................... 1-13 1.9 Annual Dollars per Ton Sold Cash Cost Projections .................................. 1-13 1.10 Summary Cash Flow Statement .................................................................. 1-14 1.11 DCF-NPV ..................................................................................................... 1-14 3.1 Climate Data for Oakdale Mine Monroe County, Wisconsin .................... 3-4 5.1 Oakdale Mine Exploration Drilling Campaign Summary .............................. 5-1 5.2 Weighted Average Particle Size Distribution ................................................ 5-3 5.3 Oakdale API/ISO Test Results for the DDH-1-10 Composite Sample ......... 5-4 6.1 Oakdale Property Drill Hole Spacing Parameters ........................................ 6-4 6.2 Mineable and Reserve Tons as of December 31, 2021 ............................... 6-6 6.3 Reserves as of December 31, 2021 .............................................................. 6-6 7.1 Historic ROM Production .............................................................................. 7-3 7.2 Forecasted ROM Production Tons ............................................................... 7-3 11.1 Historical Capital Expenditures ................................................................... 11-1 11.2 Historical Sales Statistics ............................................................................. 11-1 11.3 Historical Average Mine Gate Pricing ......................................................... 11-2 11.4 Historical Cost of Production ....................................................................... 11-4 11.5 Oakdale Production Projections .................................................................. 11-4 11.6 Oakdale Sales Projections........................................................................... 11-5 11.7 Annual Cash Cost Projections ..................................................................... 11-5 11.8 Annual Dollars Per Ton Sold Cash Cost Projections .................................. 11-6 12.1 Summary Cash Flow Statement ................................................................. 12-2 12.2 DCF-NPV .................................................................................................... 12-2 12.3 Pre-Tax and After-Tax Cash Flow Analysis ................................................ 12-3 12.4 Sensitivity Analysis Weighted Average Sales Prices .............................. 12-4 12.5 Pre-Tax DCF-NPV at 10 .......................................................................... 12-4 12.6 Pre-Tax DCF-NPV at 12 .......................................................................... 12-5 12.7 Pre-Tax DCF-NPV at 15 .......................................................................... 12-5 12.8 After-Tax DCF-NPV at 10 ......................................................................... 12-5 12.9 After-Tax DCF-NPV at 12 ......................................................................... 12-6 12.10 After-Tax DCF-NPV at 15 ......................................................................... 12-6 

TABLE OF CONTENTS - Continued Page JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY List of Figures 1.1 Oakdale Processing Plants and Rail Loadouts ............................................ 1-6 1.2 Permian Basin HZ Permit Submissions vs. Rigs .......................................... 1-8 1.3 Permian Oil Production and Natural Gas Production .................................... 1-8 1.4 Permian Drilled but Uncompleted Wells ........................................................ 1-9 1.5 Appalachian Rig Count and Production per Rig ........................................ 1-10 1.6 Appalachian Gas Production ....................................................................... 1-10 1.7 Niobrara Oil and Gas Rig Count and Productivity ....................................... 1-11 1.8 Niobrara Oil and Gas Production................................................................. 1-11 3.1 General Location Map ................................................................................... 3-2 4.1 Bedrock Stratigraphic Units in Wisconsin ..................................................... 4-2 4.2 Cross Section A-A Oakdale Property ........................................................... 4-4 6.1 Relationship Between Frac Sand Resources and Frac Sand Reserves ..... 6-2 6.2 Topographic Map Showing Proven and Probable Reserves ........................ 6-7 7.1 West Side bluff Mining at Oakdale ............................................................. 7-2 7.2 Oakdale Proposed Mine Plan ....................................................................... 7-4 8.1 Oakdale Processing Plants and Rail Loadouts ............................................. 8-1 8.2 East Wet 1 and Dry 2 ..................................................................................... 8-2 8.3 East Side Rail Loading Facilities ................................................................... 8-3 10.1 WTI Crude Oil CME Futures Price .............................................................. 10-1 10.2 Permian Basin HZ Permit Submissions vs. Rigs ........................................ 10-2 10.3 Permian Oil Production and Natural Gas Production ................................. 10-3 10.4 Permian Drilled but Uncompleted Wells ...................................................... 10-3 10.5 Appalachian Rig Count and Production per Rig ......................................... 10-4 10.6 Appalachian Gas Production ....................................................................... 10-5 10.7 Niobrara Oil and Gas Rig Count and Productivity ....................................... 10-5 10.8 Niobrara Oil and Gas Production................................................................. 10-6 11.1 Product Size as a Percentage of Total Tons Sold ..................................... 11-2 11.2 Oakdale Contact and Spot Sales ................................................................ 11-3 11.3 Oakdale Top 5 Customers (Grouped) as a Percentage of Total Revenues11-3 Q:\ENG_WP\3555.021 - SS S-K 1300\3555.021A\TOC.doc 

1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS AND DEFINITIONS : US dollar(s) : Percent or percentage Smart Sand : Smart Sand, Inc. API : American Petroleum Institute BOYD : John T. Boyd Company CapEx : Capital expenditures COGS : Cost of goods sold Constant Dollar : A monetary measure that is not influenced by inflation and used to compare time periods. Sometimes referred to as real dollars . CY : Cubic yards DCF : Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate : A rate of return used to discount future cash flows based on the return investors expect to receive from their investment. DUC : Drilled but uncompleted gas or oil well. FOB : Free-on-Board Frac Sand : Frac sand is a naturally occurring, high silica content quartz sand, with grains that are generally well rounded and exhibit high compressive strength characteristics relative to other silica sand. It is utilized as a prop or proppant in unconventional shale frac well completions. Frac Sand Resource : Frac sand resource is a concentration or occurrence of sand material of economic interest in or on the Earth s crust in such form, grade or quality, and quantity that there are reasonable prospects for economic extraction. A mineral resource is a reasonable estimate of mineralization, taking into account relevant factors such as quality specifications, likely mining dimensions, location or continuity, that, with the assumed and justifiable technical and economic conditions, is likely to, in whole or in part, become economically extractable. It is not merely an inventory of all mineralization drilled or sampled. Frac Sand Reserve : Frac sand reserve is an estimate of tonnage and grade or quality of mineral resources that, in the opinion of the qualified person, can be the basis of an economically viable project. More specifically, it is the economically mineable part of a mineral 

2 GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS AND DEFINITIONS - Continued JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY resource, which includes diluting materials and allowances for losses that may occur when the material is mined or extracted. Indicated Sand Resource : An Indicated Sand Resource is that part of a Sand Resource for which quantity, grade or quality, densities, shape, and physical characteristics are estimated with sufficient confidence to allow the application of Modifying Factors in sufficient detail to support mine planning and evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit. Geological evidence is derived from adequately detailed and reliable exploration, sampling and testing, and is sufficient to assume geological and grade or quality continuity between points of observation. An Indicated Sand Resource has a lower level of confidence than that applying to a Measured Sand Resource and may only be converted to a Probable Sand Reserve. IRR : Internal rate-of-return ISO : International Organization for Standardization lb : Pound LOM : Life-of-Mine Measured Sand Resource : A Measured Sand Resource is that part of a Sand Resource for which quantity, grade or quality, densities, shape, and physical characteristics are estimated with confidence sufficient to allow the application of Modifying Factors to support detailed mine planning and final evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit. Geological evidence is derived from detailed and reliable exploration, sampling, and testing and is sufficient to confirm geological and grade or quality continuity between points of observation. A Measured Sand Resource has a higher level of confidence than that applying to either an Indicated Sand Resource or an Inferred Sand Resource. It may be converted to a Proven Sand Reserve or to a Probable Sand Reserve. Mesh : A measurement of particle size often used in determining the size distribution of granular material. Mineral Reserve : See Frac Sand Reserve Mineral Resource : See Frac Sand Resource Modifying Factors : The factors that a qualified person must apply to indicated and measured sand resources and then evaluate to establish the economic viability of sand reserves. A qualified person must apply and evaluate modifying factors to convert measured and indicated resources to proven and probable reserves. These factors include, but are not restricted to: mining; processing; metallurgical; 

3 GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS AND DEFINITIONS - Continued JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY infrastructure; economic; marketing; legal; environmental compliance; plans, negotiations, or agreements with local individuals or groups; and governmental factors. The number, type and specific characteristics of the modifying factors applied will necessarily be a function of and depend upon the mineral, mine, property, or project. MSHA : Mine Safety and Health Administration. A division of the U.S. Department of Labor. msl : Mean sea level NOAA : National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration NSR : New Source Review NTU : Nephelometric turbidity units NPV : Net Present Value NWS : Northern White Sands Probable Sand Reserve : A Probable Sand Reserve is the economically mineable part of an Indicated and, in some circumstances, a Measured Sand Resource. The confidence in the Modifying Factors applying to a Probable Sand Reserve is lower than that applying to a Proven Sand Reserve. Proppant Sand : See Frac Sand Proven Sand Reserve : A Proven Mineral Reserve is the economically mineable part of a Measured Sand Resource. A Proven Sand Reserve implies a high degree of confidence in the Modifying Factors. PSI : Pounds per square inch ROM : Run-of-Mine. The as-mined including in-seam clay partings mined with the sand, and out-of-seam dilution. SEC : U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission S-K 1300 : Subpart 1300 and Item 601(b)(96) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation S-K Surficial : Relating to the earths surface or the geology that is on the surface. Ton : Short Ton. A unit of weight equal to 2,000 pounds 

4 GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS AND DEFINITIONS - Continued JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY tph : Tons per Hour WTI : West Texas Intermediate Q:\ENG_WP\3555.021 - SS S-K 1300\3555.021A\Glossary.docx 

1-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 1.0 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 1.1 Introduction BOYD was retained by Smart Sand to complete an independent technical audit of mineral resource and mineral reserve estimates hereafter referred to as frac sand resource and frac sand reserve estimates for their active mining operation located in Oakdale, Wisconsin (the Oakdale Mine ). This report summarizes the results of our audit and satisfies the requirements for Smart Sand s disclosure of frac sand resources and reserves set forth in Subpart 1300 and Item 601(b)(96) of the SEC s Regulation S-K (S-K 1300). This is the first technical report summary filed by Smart Sand for the Oakdale Mine. BOYD s findings are based on our detailed examination of the supporting geologic, technical, and economic information obtained from: (1) Smart Sand provided files, (2) discussions with Smart Sand personnel, (3) records on file with regulatory agencies, (4) public sources, and (5) nonconfidential BOYD files. Our investigation was performed to obtain reasonable assurance that Smart Sand s frac sand resource and reserve statements are free from material misstatement. This report provides results of an independent audit concerning Smart Sand s estimate of the frac sand resources and reserves underlying the Oakdale, Wisconsin property. The basis for these estimates is a volumetric geologic model estimating the reserves and resources compiled by Smart Sand in July 2021. This chapter provides a summary of primary information contained within this technical report summary and is supported by remaining portions of this report including text, figures, and tables. Weights and measurements are expressed in US customary units. Unless noted, the effective date of the information, including estimates of frac sand reserves, is December 31, 2021. 1.2 Property Description Smart Sand s Oakdale Mine is a surface mining operation located in Monroe County, Wisconsin. Frac sand is extracted from the Mt. Simon Formation and the Wonewoc Formation both extensively mined for frac sand in the area. Smart Sand controls approximately 1,256 contiguous acres of property which is owned fee simple. The general location of this property (the Oakdale Property is provided on Figure 3.1. The Oakdale Mine was one of the first frac sand mines in the area commencing operations in 2012. The mine exploits the Mt. Simon sand formation which generally lies 

1-2 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY at, or below, the water table in the area. Additionally, bluff mining occurs on the above grade ridges within the property where Wonewoc Formation sand is mined. 1.3 Geology Northern white sands (NWS) are generally located in the north-central portion of the United States (predominantly in Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Illinois, with lesser amounts in Arkansas and Iowa). NWS is found in poorly cemented Cambrian and Ordovician sandstones and in unconsolidated alluvial deposits locally derived from these sandstones. The Saint Peter, Jordan, Wonewoc, and Mount Simon formations, located in south-central Minnesota into Wisconsin, are the primary sources of NWS, and can be observed in Figure 4.1 which presents the various stratigraphic rock units in Wisconsin. The Oakdale Property is underlain by the Mount Simon Formation, which on a regional basis, ranges in thickness from 300 ft to over 2,000 ft (in Indiana). The Mount Simon sands can be described as poorly consolidated, poorly sorted, fine-grained, quartz sandstone. These sands are typically white in color, but can show a color change to a yellowish-gray or to a grayish-red. The Mount Simon Formation is of Cambrian age and underlying the Mount Simon is pre-Cambrian age granite. Above the Mt. Simon, in the bluffs, is the Wonewoc Formation. The Wonewoc is generally somewhat coarser in grain size than the Mt. Simon, ranges in thickness from 60 ft to 90 ft, and exhibits similar API quality attributes. The surface of the Oakdale Property is overlain by a veneer of poorly sorted glacial till ranging from a few feet to over 30 ft in depth. Beneath the glacial fill is the Mount Simon Formation. Above grade, in the surrounding ridges lies the Wonewoc Formation. Both formations are extensively mined on the property Within the property, the surface topography is predominately flat lying except for the western-southwestern portion of the property where the surface elevation increases as a series of hills or bluffs are present (vertical relief of 125 ft to 150 ft). The size consist of the sand found in the above drainage bluff areas is a coarser mix in comparison to the sands found in the alluvial material and in the in-place below drainage sand formations. Structure of the Mount Simon and Wonewoc formations, on the Oakdale Property, appears to be flat lying with no evidence of faulting or other geologic features. Total thickness of the Mount Simon Formation contained on the property was not determined 

1-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY as the deepest drill hole (240 ft in length) was stopped while still in the sandstone formation. 1.4 Exploration Based on information provided to BOYD by Smart Sand, there have been six different drilling campaigns on the Oakdale Property. The first drilling program commenced in December 2010, and the last drilling program was completed in 2018. A total of 37 holes were drilled, with 30 of the holes providing sufficient sand core data that was utilized by Smart Sand in their reserve model and subsequently by BOYD to verify the Smart Sand model. Seven of the drill holes were not utilized because of varying reasons, such as insufficient core recovery, hole abandoned, BOYD confirmatory drill holes (duplicated data), and no data provided. Table 1.1 provides additional summary information on the drilling campaigns. Number of Sand Cores Drill Holes Year Holes Drilled Data Used Thickness (ft) Not Used Reason Not Used 2010 2 - NA 2 Insufficient Core Recovery 2011 13 12 1,581 1 Hole Abandoned 2011-BOYD 3 - NA 3 Duplicated Results 2012 3 2 330 1 No data provided 2016 12 12 1,765 - 2018 4 4 965 - Total 37 30 4,641 7 Table 1.1: Oakdale Mine Exploration Drilling Campaign Summary BOYD reviewed the drilling and sampling methodologies utilized in the various exploration campaigns at the Oakdale Property, as well as the equipment utilized, and the sampling, logging, and field work performed. We note that methodologies and procedures indicate that the data obtained were carefully and professionally collected, prepared, and documented in conformance with generally accepted industry standards. BOYD opines that this work is thorough and complete for purposes of evaluating and estimating frac sand resources and reserves on the Oakdale Property. 1.5 Frac Sand Reserves and Quality This technical report summary provides an estimate of frac sand reserves for Smart Sand s Oakdale Mine in accordance with the requirements set forth in S-K 1300. These estimates were independently audited by BOYD. This report, and previous reports, include a thorough geologic investigation of the property, appropriate modeling of the 

1-4 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY deposit, development of life-of-mine (LOM) plans, and consideration of the relevant processing, economic (including independent estimates of capital, revenue, and cost), marketing, legal, environmental, socio-economic, and regulatory factors. Smart Sand s estimated surface mineable frac sand reserves for the Oakdale Property total 250 million saleable product tons, as of December 31, 2021. Table 1.2 presents the estimated Reserve tons by product (size), that are anticipated to be produced at Smart Sand s Oakdale Property. Table 1.2: Reserves as of December 31, 2021 Smart Sand Oakdale Property Reserves Mesh Size Tons (000) By Classification Proven Probable Total 30/50 48,367 31,785 80,152 50/140 96,818 72,984 169,802 Total 145,186 104,769 249,955 The reported reserves include only frac sand which is reportedly owned as of December 31, 2021. It is BOYD s opinion that extraction of the reported frac sand reserves is technically achievable and economically viable after the consideration of potentially material modifying factors. Projecting the historic sales volume of approximately 2.8 million tons per year, the operation has an expected LOM of approximately 90 years. Composite samples collected during the drilling of the initial exploration holes were tested by Stim-Lab for API RP 19C/ISO 13503-2 proppant sand characteristics. Testing was performed on the 20/40, 40/70, and 70/140-mesh product sizes. The test results are presented in Table 1.3. DDH-1-10 Average API/ISO Test Results By Product Size API RP19C API RP19C Result Recommended Result Result Recommended Test 20/40-mesh Specification 40/70-mesh 70/140-mesh Specification Sphericity 0.8 0.6 0.7 0.7 0.6 Roundness 0.7 0.6 0.7 0.6 0.6 Acid Solubility ) 0.7 2.0 0.9 1.3 3.0 Turbidity (NTU) 30 250 16 16 250 K-Value (000 psi) 7 - 9 12 - Note: Currently, 70/140-mesh proppant sand material does not have an API/ISO specification. Table1.3: Oakdale API/ISO Test Results for the DDH-1-10 Composite Sample 

1-5 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY The composited sample testing suggested that the Oakdale Mine produces frac sand products which meet minimum API/ISO recommended testing characteristics. BOYD notes that the Oakdale operation has been selling various frac sand sized products to their E P and drilling services customers since 2012. 1.6 Operations 1.6.1 Mining The Oakdale Mine property is broadly separated into two sections, the east section and the west section. The property is bisected by the loadout rail spur and access roads entering the site. The office, process plants and unit train loadouts are generally located within the interior of the property. The mine has two distinct mining schemes that are employed at the property. The eastern side of the property generally consists of lowlands with some interspersed wetlands. This area served as the initial mining area for approximately the first five to six years of the operation. Typical excavator and articulated truck method is employed in a series of benches downward. There is very little overburden overlying the sand and the overburden that is stripped is utilized in berms or hauled to a dump area. The sand is drilled and blasted on a very wide pattern to fluff or disaggregate the sand grains. The sand is then hauled to a wet process plant located on the eastern side of the property for processing. The pits are continuously dewatered, and the water is pumped into a holding pond at the northeast area of the property prior to sampling and discharging. Currently, and for the immediate future, the majority of the run-of-mine (ROM) sand is mined from the western side of the property. Here, the bluffs are mined which generally lie above ground level to approximately 970 ft mean sea level (msl) in elevation. Typical of other Wonewac Formation bluff mines, there is little overburden and following vegetation grubbing a bench is drilled and blasted in approximate 50 ft high benches progressing from the highest elevation downward. Excavators load articulated trucks which haul the ROM material to a primary crusher located on the western side of the property. 1.6.2 Processing The Oakdale plant area is actually a series of two wash plants, three dry plants, and three rail loadouts that are centered around the railroad tracks in the interior of the property. The original layout (Wet 1, Dry 1, Loadout 1) was constructed in 2012. An additional dry plant (Dry 2) was subsequently added which was fed by Wet 1. The most recent expansion in Q1 2018 included a new wet plant, dry plant, and loadout on the 

1-6 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY west side of the rail loadout (Wet 2, Dry 3, Loadout 3). This newer plant is where the majority of the sand is now processed and loaded. The adjacent mining pit essentially excavates the higher bluff sand material. The east side plants are utilized for incremental production as a peaking type facility when demand for product cannot be satisfied from the west side facility. A fourth loadout, which is off site, is for UP bound frac sand product. Figure 1.1 illustrates the Oakdale facility layout. Figure 1.1: Oakdale Processing Plants and Rail Loadouts The overall complex has an approximate annual finished product capacity of 5.5 million tons. The entire complex is staffed by approximately 160 employees at the site. This number can fluctuate based on product demand. The average process yield is reported to be 81.2 ; as such, 3.5 million ROM tons are expected to produce approximately 2.8 million tons of finished product per year. The entire operation conforms to a 2-2 3-2 2-3 rotating shift schedule which uses four teams (crews) and two 12-hour shifts to provide 24/7 coverage. Personnel work an average 42 hours per week. The quarry pit generally operates 12-hours per day utilizing this rotation for the entire operation. 

1-7 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 1.6.3 Infrastructure The Oakdale Mine is serviced by three phase power that is routed along County Road CA and into the plant at the southern end of the property. The pipeline providing natural gas supply for the drying equipment is also routed along this corridor. Plant process water is supplied by surface water retention ponds and a backup drilled high capacity well if needed. Additionally, the wash process water is recycled after fines are removed via settling in a series of constructed ponds. As the mine progresses, silt ponds are constructed in mined-out areas. Wastewater from offices and other buildings are collected via holding tanks and disposed of on a regular basis. Potable water is provided by a public water system. On-site facilities include a scale house, office, shop, and a quality laboratory located in the dry process plants. The operation employs approximately 160 people and staffing varies based on production demand. 1.7 Financial Analysis 1.7.1 Market Analysis Although Smart Sand s market area is essentially all of the energy basins in the United States and western Canada, we have selectively focused on the Permian, Appalachian, and Denver-Julesburg (DJ) as these are target markets for their frac sand. The Oakdale Mine has advantaged delivered cost to the western basins like the DJ as the Oakdale Mine directly loads onto the Canadian Pacific Railway, a very competitive option for westbound sand to the DJ. Oakdale also own a loadout near the mine which enables them to load directly on the Union Pacific Railway, the favored Permian basin rail. The Utica Mine has access to their nearby Burlington Northern rail loadout which greatly complements the Oakdale facility, especially when moving product to the Appalachian (Marcellus-Utica) basin. Therefore, a high-level overview of demand in these basins follows. Permit submissions for horizontal oil and gas wells in the Permian indicate a continuation of strong drilling ahead. According to Infill Thinking, the number of permits 

1-8 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY filed per working rig this summer is tracking at multi-year highs as evidenced in Figure 1.2 below. Figure 1.2: Permian Basin HZ Permit Submissions vs. Rigs Over the previous 52 weeks, rig counts in the Permian are up approximately 111 . This has led to increased production for both crude oil and natural gas. For the same time period, crude oil (barrels per day) and natural gas production (thousand cubic feet per day) in the Permian are up 10 and 9 , respectively. As Figure 1.3 illustrates, Permian daily crude oil production is nearing its pre-pandemic impacted peak, while daily natural gas production in the Permian continues to make new records and now stands at 18.6 billion cubic feet per day. Figure 1.3: Permian Oil Production and Natural Gas Production - 1,000,000 2,000,000 3,000,000 4,000,000 5,000,000 6,000,000 Ja n- 19 Fe b- 19 M ar -1 9 Ap r- 19 M ay -1 9 Ju n- 19 Ju l-1 9 Au g- 19 Se p- 19 O ct -1 9 N ov -1 9 De c- 19 Ja n- 20 Fe b- 20 M ar -2 0 Ap r- 20 M ay -2 0 Ju n- 20 Ju l-2 0 Au g- 20 Se p- 20 O ct -2 0 N ov -2 0 De c- 20 Ja n- 21 Fe b- 21 M ar -2 1 Ap r- 21 M ay -2 1 Ju n- 21 Ju l-2 1 Au g- 21 Permian Oil Production (bbl/d) - 2,000,000 4,000,000 6,000,000 8,000,000 10,000,000 12,000,000 14,000,000 16,000,000 18,000,000 20,000,000 Ja n- 19 Fe b- 19 M ar -1 9 Ap r- 19 M ay -1 9 Ju n- 19 Ju l-1 9 Au g- 19 Se p- 19 O ct -1 9 N ov -1 9 De c- 19 Ja n- 20 Fe b- 20 M ar -2 0 Ap r- 20 M ay -2 0 Ju n- 20 Ju l-2 0 Au g- 20 Se p- 20 O ct -2 0 N ov -2 0 De c- 20 Ja n- 21 Fe b- 21 M ar -2 1 Ap r- 21 M ay -2 1 Ju n- 21 Ju l-2 1 Au g- 21 Permian Natural Gas Production (Mcf/d) 

1-9 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY According to U.S. Energy Information Administration Drilling Productivity Report, drilled but uncompleted wells (DUCs) in the Permian Basin have declined 43 since peaking in July 2020 (refer to Figure 1.4). These data dovetail with increased crude oil and natural gas production in the basin. Figure 1.4: Permian Drilled but Uncompleted Wells Although a majority of this large basin s sand is sourced from local sand mines, Northern White, Oakdale quality sand remains an important product for many well applications. 1.7.1.1 Appalachian Basin (Marcellus/Utica Play) and Niobrara Basin (DJ) Although smaller in size than the Permian energy fields, the Appalachian and Niobrara (DJ) are substantial natural gas and oil plays in North America. Unlike the Permian, the Appalachian and Niobrara import the vast majority of the frac sand. Very few, notable in- basin sand operations exist. This creates an advantaged situation for the Oakdale and Utica mines as they are advantaged, transport wise to the basin and there are few substitutes for NWS. Following the energy downturn in 2019 and then Covid shutdown in 2020, the basin wellfield activity appears to be rebounding. Horizontal rigs have stabilized over the past two years as can be seen from Figures 1.5 but gas production per rig is substantially higher. Energy companies are drilling longer laterals and optimizing each well pad - 500 1,000 1,500 2,000 2,500 3,000 3,500 4,000 Ja n- 19 Fe b- 19 M ar -1 9 Ap r- 19 M ay -1 9 Ju n- 19 Ju l-1 9 Au g- 19 Se p- 19 O ct -1 9 N ov -1 9 De c- 19 Ja n- 20 Fe b- 20 M ar -2 0 Ap r- 20 M ay -2 0 Ju n- 20 Ju l-2 0 Au g- 20 Se p- 20 O ct -2 0 N ov -2 0 De c- 20 Ja n- 21 Fe b- 21 M ar -2 1 Ap r- 21 M ay -2 1 Ju n- 21 Ju l-2 1 Au g- 21 Permian Drilled but Uncompleted Wells 

1-10 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY becoming more efficient from a cost perspective and overall natural gas production is stable as can be seen from Figure 1.6. Figure 1.5: Appalachian Rig Count and Production per Rig (Source: EIA) Figure 1.6: Appalachian Gas Production (Source: EIA) 

1-11 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Similarly, the DJ basin has seen a rebound in rig count since the Covid shutdown. Both gas and oil rig counts have risen but productivity per well has decreased as can be seen in Figure 1.7. Figure 1.7: Niobrara Oil and Gas Rig Count and Productivity (Source: EIA) Overall gas and oil production remains relatively flat in the basin but more wells are being drilled to maintain this capacity. Figure 1.8 illustrates the overall yearly gas and oil production in the basin. Figure 1.8: Niobrara Oil and Gas Production (Source: EIA) Having survived the challenging environment of 2019 and 2020, Smart Sand s operations should continue to prove viable into the future notwithstanding a sustained and significant energy price collapse. Their low-cost mining scheme, advantaged transport to select basins, and high-quality product help to create an advantage compared with other NWS producers. 

1-12 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 1.7.2 Historic Capital Expenditures, Operating Costs, and Pricing The Oakdale operation s CapEx, and Historical Sales for the years 2019, 2020, and 2021 (September YTD), is presented in Tables 1.4 and 1.5 below. CapEx 000) Year 2019 10,527 Year 2020 1,737 Sep YTD 2021 1,962 Total 14,227 Oakdale operation only, excludes transload sites and other locatons/activities. Table 1.4: Historical Capital Expenditures Year 2019 Year 2020 SepYTD2021 Tons Sold (000) 2,462 1,779 1,752 Total Revenues 000) 103,865 67,827 70,546 Average Sales Price per ton sold) 42.19 38.14 40.26 Revenues are a mix of point of sale, and as such are not all mine gate prices. Table 1.5: Historical Sales Statistics Smart Sand provided BOYD with historical average mine gate pricing (Table 1.6), which eliminates the additional revenue received for transportation services from the mine gate to the customer s delivery point. Average Mine Gate Pricing - per ton sold Year 2019 Year 2020 Year 2021 25.11 22.89 20.00 Table 1.6: Historical Average Mine Gate Pricing Table 1.7, following this page, presents Oakdale s historical cash operating costs for the years 2019, 2020, and 2021 (September YTD). Operating costs represent the costs 

1-13 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Summary Cash Cost of Goods Sold per ton sold) Year 2022 Year 2023 Year 2024 Year 2025 Year 2026 Cash Operating Expense: Wages and benefits 3.86 3.86 3.86 3.86 3.86 Excavation 2.06 2.06 2.06 2.06 2.06 Utilities 2.85 2.85 2.85 2.85 2.85 Equipment 1.18 1.18 1.18 1.18 1.18 Maintenance 1.12 1.12 1.12 1.12 1.12 Other costs 0.86 0.86 0.86 0.86 0.86 Subtotal Cash Operating Expense 11.93 11.93 11.93 11.93 11.93 Royalty 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 SG A 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 Final Reclamation Escrow 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 Total Cash Cost of Goods Sold 17.24 17.24 17.24 17.24 17.24 Table 1.9: Annual Dollars per Ton Sold Cash Cost Projections incurred associated with the mining, ongoing reclamation, wet processing, dry processing, on-site rail loadout, and other related costs. 1.7.3 Projected Sales Revenue, Production Costs, and Capex Table 1.8 presents BOYD s sales projections for the period 2022 through 2026. The sales price forecast is constant dollar, by product, and is based on current quarter average prices. We opine that these are reasonable price projections. Year 2022 Year 2023 Year 2024 Year 2025 Year 2026 Tons Sold (000) 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 30/50-Mesh 898 898 898 898 898 50/140-Mesh 1,902 1,902 1,902 1,902 1,902 Revenues 000) 56,000 56,000 56,000 56,000 56,000 Product Pricing per ton sold) Average Price for all products 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 Table 1.8: Oakdale Sales Projections Table 1.9 below, presents the above table s cost projections on a cost per ton sold basis for the years 2022 through 2026. (000) per ton sold Cash Operating Costs: Year 2019 Year 2020 SepYTD2021 Year 2019 Year 2020 SepYTD2021 Wages and benefits 15,837 10,577 8,012 6.43 5.95 4.54 Excavation 5,297 3,135 3,640 2.15 1.76 2.06 Utilities 7,622 4,600 5,029 3.10 2.59 2.85 Equipment 5,834 3,493 2,480 2.37 1.96 1.41 Maintenance 3,863 2,148 1,984 1.57 1.21 1.12 Other costs 2,360 2,410 1,475 0.96 1.36 0.84 Total Cash Operating Costs 40,813 26,362 22,620 16.62 14.82 12.81 Note: Rounding Errors Table 1.7: Historical Cost of Production 

1-14 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Smart Sand provided BOYD with the annual sustaining CapEx estimate of 4 million, which includes maintenance of production equipment as well as other items, for the operation. 1.7.4 Economic Analysis BOYD prepared an economic analysis, as of January 1, 2022, for the Oakdale Operation using the production, sales, and financial projections presented in this report. Our analysis confirms that the operation generates positive cash flows (based on a 12 discount rate), on a pre-tax and after-tax basis, that supports the statement of frac sand reserves herein. Table 1.10 below presents the pre-tax and after-tax cash flow projections based on the proposed LOM production schedule, revenue, cost of goods sold, CapEx, and other estimates discussed above for the Oakdale operation. Table 1.10: Summary Cash Flow Statement Summary Cash Flow Statement 000) 2022 2032 2042 2052 2062 2072 2082 2092 2102 to 2031 to 2041 to 2051 to 2061 to 2071 to 2081 to 2091 to 2101 to 2111 Total Total Tons Sold (000) 28,000 28,000 28,000 28,000 28,000 28,000 28,000 28,000 25,955 249,955 Revenues 560,000 560,000 560,000 560,000 560,000 560,000 560,000 560,000 519,100 4,999,100 COGS 482,617 484,017 485,417 486,817 488,217 489,617 491,017 492,417 461,556 4,361,689 CapEx 40,000 40,000 40,000 40,000 40,000 40,000 40,000 40,000 34,000 354,000 Net Pre-Tax Cash Flow 37,383 35,983 34,583 33,183 31,783 30,383 28,983 27,583 23,544 283,411 Federal and State Income Taxes - - - 7,352 9,185 8,781 8,376 7,972 6,868 48,534 After-Tax Net Cash Flow 37,383 35,983 34,583 25,832 22,598 21,603 20,607 19,612 16,675 234,877 Discounted Cash Flow-Net Present Values (DCF-NPV) on a pre-tax and after-tax basis, using discount rates of 10 , 12 , and 15 , were calculated utilizing the cash flows above. The DCF-NPV values used mid-year discounting and all cash flows were on a constant dollar basis. The pre-tax DCF-NPV ranges from approximately 26.4 million to 38.3 million. The after-tax DCF-NPV ranges from approximately 26.3 million to 37.8 million. Table 1.11 summarizes the results of the pre-tax and after-tax DCF-NPV analyses: DCF-NPV 000) 10 12 15 Pre-Tax 38,282 32,382 26,397 After-Tax 37,836 32,171 26,324 Table 1.11: DCF-NPV 

1-15 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY The NPV estimate was made for purposes of confirming the economic viability of the reported frac sand reserves and not for purposes of valuing the Oakdale Mine or its assets. Internal rate-of-return (IRR) and project payback were not calculated, as there was no initial investment considered in the financial model. 1.8 Regulation and Liabilities The Oakdale Mine s operations are predominantly regulated by a Monroe County, Wisconsin non-metallic reclamation permit which contains detailed reclamation plans for the property. Mine operators must submit annual reports to Monroe County containing information on the reclamation status of their mines and pay annual fees based on the disturbed acres. They must also provide written certification that the reclamation plan is being followed. A significant portion of the Probable Reserves underlie current wetlands areas. These areas will be mitigated if designated wetlands prior to mining. These reserves are not in the current five-year plan. Air emissions are regulated by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources, Bureau of Air Management. Smart Sand monitors air emissions and has current permits. Based on our review of information provided by Smart Sand and available public information, it is BOYD s opinion that the Oakdale Mine s record of compliance with applicable mining, water quality, and environmental regulations is generally superior for that of the industry. BOYD is not aware of any regulatory violation or compliance issue which would materially impact the frac sand reserve estimate. 1.9 Conclusions It is BOYD s overall conclusion that Smart Sand s Oakdale Mine s frac sand reserves, as reported herein: (1) were prepared in conformance with accepted industry standards and practices, and (2) are reasonably and appropriately supported by technical evaluations, which consider all relevant modifying factors. We do not believe there are other relevant data or information material to the Oakdale Property that would render this technical report summary misleading. Our conclusions represent only informed professional judgment. The ability of Smart Sand, or any mine operator, to recover all of the reported frac sand reserves is dependent on numerous factors that are beyond the control of, and cannot be anticipated by, BOYD. These factors include mining and geologic conditions, the capabilities of management and employees, the securing of required approvals and 

1-16 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY permits in a timely manner, future sand prices, etc. Unforeseen changes in regulations could also impact performance. Opinions presented in this report apply to the site conditions and features as they existed at the time of BOYD s investigations and those reasonably foreseeable. Q:\ENG_WP\3555.021 - SS S-K 1300\3555.021A\CH-1 - Executive Summary.docx 

2-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 2.0 INTRODUCTION 2.1 Registrant and Purpose This technical report summary was prepared for Smart Sand in support of their disclosure of frac sand reserves for the Oakdale Mine in accordance with S-K 1300 Regulations. Smart Sand is a publicly traded corporation listed on the NASDAQ (SND) with headquarters in The Woodlands, Texas. Smart Sand commenced operations at their Oakdale Mine in 2012 and expanded their footprint with operations and property in Wisconsin and Illinois. Smart Sand also operates several rail transloads and offers last mile solutions with their SmartSystem wellsite silo division. Smart Sand s website is found at www.smartsand.com. 2.2 Terms of Reference Smart Sand retained BOYD to prepare an SEC-compliant technical report summary to support their disclosure of frac sand reserves following S-K 1300 requirements. Our objective was to incorporate the results of the existing technical report along with additional information that we reviewed into a compliant technical report summary. The results of our review, presented in report form herein, were prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements set forth in Subpart 1300 and Item 601(b)(96) of the SEC s Regulation S-K. The purpose of this report is threefold: (1) to summarize available information for the subject mining property, (2) to provide the conclusions of our technical audit, and (3) to provide a statement of frac sand resources and reserves for the Oakdale Mine. This is the first technical report summary filed by Smart Sand for the Oakdale Mine. BOYD s findings are based on our detailed examination of the supporting geologic, technical, and economic information provided by Smart Sand in formulating the estimates of frac sand resources and reserves disclosed in this report. We independently estimated the frac sand resources and reserves from first principles based on third-party exploration information provided to BOYD to verify that the Smart Sand estimated resources and reserves, used as the basis for this report, were reasonable. 

2-2 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY We used standard engineering and geoscience methods, or a combination of methods, that we considered to be appropriate and necessary to establish the conclusions set forth herein. As in all aspects of mining property evaluation, there are uncertainties inherent in the interpretation of engineering and geoscience data; therefore, our conclusions necessarily represent only informed professional judgment. The ability of Smart Sand, or any mine operator, to recover all of the estimated frac sand reserves presented in this report is dependent on numerous factors that are beyond the control of, and cannot be anticipated by, BOYD. These factors include mining and geologic conditions, the capabilities of management and employees, the securing of required approvals and permits in a timely manner, future sand prices, etc. Unforeseen changes in regulations could also impact performance. Opinions presented in this report apply to the site conditions and features as they existed at the time of BOYD s investigations and those reasonably foreseeable. This report is intended for use by Smart Sand subject to the terms and conditions of its engagement agreement with BOYD. The agreement permits Smart Sand to file this report as a technical report summary with the SEC pursuant to Subpart 1300 and Item 601(b)(96) of Regulation S-K. Except for the purposes legislated under US securities law, any other uses of or reliance on this report by any third party is at that party s sole risk. The responsibility for this disclosure remains with Smart Sand. The user of this document should ensure that this is the most recent disclosure of frac sand resources and reserves for the Oakdale Mine as it is no longer valid if more recent estimates have been issued. 2.3 Expert Qualifications BOYD is an independent consulting firm specializing in mining-related engineering and financial consulting services. Since 1943, BOYD has completed over 4,000 projects in the United States and more than 90 other countries. Our full-time staff comprises mining experts in: civil, environmental, geotechnical, and mining engineering; geology; mineral economics; and market analysis. Our extensive experience in frac sand resources/reserve estimation and our knowledge of the subject property, provides BOYD an informed basis on which to opine on the frac sand reserves available at the Oakdale Mine. An overview of BOYD can be found on our website at www.jtboyd.com. The individuals primarily responsible for this audit and the preparation of this report are by virtue of their education, experience, and professional association considered qualified persons as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K. 

2-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Neither BOYD nor its staff employed in the preparation of this report have any beneficial interest in Smart Sand, and are not insiders, associates, or affiliates of Smart Sand. The results of our resource/reserve estimate and subsequent audit were not dependent upon any prior agreements concerning the conclusions to be reached, nor were there any undisclosed understandings concerning any future business dealings between Smart Sand and BOYD. This report was prepared in return for fees based upon agreed commercial rates, and the payment for our services was not contingent upon our opinions regarding the project or approval of our work by Smart Sand and its representatives. 2.4 Principal Sources of Information Information used in this assignment was obtained from: (1) Smart Sand files, (2) discussions with Smart Sand personnel, (3) records on file with regulatory agencies, (4) public sources, and (5) nonconfidential BOYD files. The basis for this report is a July 2021 volumetric model compiled by Smart Sand. This model was verified by BOYD and plant production records were utilized to adjust the resources and reserves to year end 2021. Additional information was provided by Smart Sand including: Financial forecasting models. Historical information, including: - Production reports and reconciliation statements. - Financial statements. - Product sales and pricing. The data and work papers used in the preparation of this report are on file in our offices. 2.4.1 Site Visits A personal inspection of the Oakdale operation was made by two of BOYD s senior geology and mining staff both qualified persons and co-authors of this report on October 26, 2021. The site visit included: (1) observation of the active mining operations, (2) a tour of the mine site s surface infrastructure, and (3) a detailed discussion of the Smart Sand volumetric model and mine plan. BOYD s representatives were accompanied by Smart Sand management who openly and cooperatively answered questions regarding, but not limited to: site geology, mining conditions and operations, equipment usage, labor relations, operating and capital costs, current and proposed processing operations, and frac sand marketing. 

2-4 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 2.4.2 Reliance on Information Provided by the Registrant In the preparation of this report we have relied, without independent verification, upon information furnished by Smart Sand with respect to: property interests; exploration results; current and historical production from such properties; current and historical costs of operation and production; and agreements relating to current and future operations and sale of production. BOYD exercised due care in reviewing the information provided by Smart Sand within the scope of our expertise and experience (which is in technical and financial mining issues) and concluded the data are valid and appropriate considering the status of the subject property and the purpose for which this report was prepared. BOYD is not qualified to provide findings of a legal or accounting nature. We have no reason to believe that any material facts have been withheld, or that further analysis may reveal additional material information. However, the accuracy of the results and conclusions of this report are reliant on the accuracy of the information provided by Smart Sand. While we are not responsible for any material omissions in the information provided for use in this report, we do not disclaim responsibility for the disclosure of information contained herein which is within the realm of our expertise. 2.5 Effective Date The frac sand reserves presented in this technical report summary are effective as of December 31, 2021. The report effective date is December 31, 2021. 2.6 Units of Measure The US customary measurement system has been used throughout this report. Tons are dry short tons of 2,000 pounds-mass. Unless otherwise stated, all currency is expressed in constant 2020 US Dollars ). q:\eng_wp\3555.021 - ss s-k 1300\3555.021a\ch-2 - introduction.docx 

3-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 3.0 PROPERTY OVERVIEW 3.1 Description and Location Smart Sand s Oakdale Mine surface frac sand mining operation is located on a contiguous block of acres controlled by Smart Sand, in Monroe County, Wisconsin. The subject property is less than 2 miles southwest of the town of Oakdale. Geographically, the Oakdale frac sand processing plant is located at approximately 43 57'5.46 N latitude and 90 24'14.22 W longitude. Figure 3.1 illustrates the location of the Oakdale Property and Mine. 3.2 History The Smart Sand Oakdale Property has operated since 2012 and has mined premium NWS for use in the oil/gas industry. NWS has been extensively mined, via surface mining operations, in the north central area of the United States (predominantly mined in Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Illinois, with lesser amounts mined in Arkansas and Iowa). The primary sources of NWS are from the Saint Peter, Jordan, Wonewoc, and Mt. Simon Formations, which are found in an area ranging from south central Minnesota into Wisconsin. Oakdale s Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) identification number (4703625) was assigned in 2012, with mining operations commencing in the third quarter 2012. 3.3 Property Control The Oakdale Property comprises approximately 1,256 contiguous acres and are owned in fee by Smart Sand. Ownership information provided by Smart Sand has been accepted as being true and accurate for the purpose of this report. No royalties are paid to former landholders or mineral rights owners. However, a royalty (commission) is paid related to the sale of only 20/70-mesh sized products. 3.3.1 Mineral Ownership Smart Sand owns 100 of the mineral rights to the entire subject property. The current estimated mineable area is approximately 837 acres, or 67 of the total property, after observing setbacks, right of ways, processing areas, and other non-mining acreage. 

3-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 3.3.2 Surface Ownership Smart Sand owns 100 of the surface rights to the entire subject property. 3.4 Adjacent Properties Wisconsin frac sand mining and processing activity occurs in three general regions/districts: the Barron, Blair, and Oakdale districts. Smart Sand s Oakdale operation is in the Oakdale district. All three districts have seen extensive mining of the sand deposits for purposes of producing frac sand. All currently existing frac sand mining operations are located to the northwest of the Oakdale Mine. 3.5 Regulation and Liabilities Mining and related activities for the Oakdale operation are regulated by five Federal agencies, seven State of Wisconsin agencies, and three Local agencies. 3.6 Accessibility, Local Resources, and Infrastructure Smart Sand s Oakdale Mine is located near a number of small towns in southwestern Wisconsin. Monroe County and the four surrounding counties have a combined population of over 240,000 people, according to 2020 population estimates for the State of Wisconsin. General access to the Oakdale Mine is via a well-developed network of primary and secondary roads serviced by state and local governments. These roads offer direct access to the mine and processing facilities and are open year-round. Primary vehicular access to the property is via State Route 12, with nearby access to Interstate 90/94. The Oakdale Property has on-site rail access to the Canadian Pacific rail network, and access to the Union Pacific rail network via an off-site transload facility located in Byron Township, approximately 3 miles from the site. The Oakdale operation has access to numerous airports as there are: Five International airports within a 240-mile radius of the site. Five Domestic airports within a 120-mile radius of the site. Six Local airports within a 60-mile radius of the site. 

3-4 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Sources of three phase electrical power, natural gas, and other miscellaneous materials are readily available. Water supplied to the operation is via various sources such as, on-site wells, on-site ponds, and public water; the operation was issued a public water system permit in 2015. 3.7 Physiography The Oakdale Property is located in the Western Upland, a geographical region that comprises the western half of Wisconsin. The Western Upland region is rugged and hilly and is divided by streams and rivers. The region contains numerous rocky outcrops and small caves. The surface of the Smart Sand property is overlain by a veneer of poorly sorted glacial till ranging from a few feet to over 30 ft in depth. Beneath the glacial fill is the Mt. Simon Formation, one of the primary sources of NWS. Surface topography within the property is predominately flat lying except for the western-southwestern portion of the property where the surface elevation increases, and a series of hills or bluffs are present (vertical relief of 125 ft to 150 ft). 3.8 Climate For the Oakdale operation, average monthly high temperatures range from 28 F to 83 F, with June, July, and August being the hottest months. Average monthly low temperatures range from 9 F to 60 F, with the months of November, December, January, February, and March exhibiting average lows at or below freezing (32 F). Average annual rainfall is 3 in. with approximately 75 days of rain. Average annual snowfall is about 38 in. with approximately 23 days of snowfall. Table 3.1 provides National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration s (NOAA) monthly average climate data for Monroe County, Wisconsin. Averages Units Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec High Temp F 28 31 45 59 70 79 83 80 74 60 46 32 Low Temp F 9 10 23 34 46 56 60 58 49 38 28 15 Rainfall inches 0.9 0.9 1.9 3.4 4.4 4.7 4.2 4.3 3.8 2.4 2.0 1.2 days 4 3 5 8 9 9 7 8 7 6 5 4 Snowfall inches 10.0 7.8 6.2 2.1 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.1 2.9 9.3 days 6 5 3 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 6 Source: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Table 3.1: Climate Data for Oakdale Mine - Monroe County, Wisconsin 

4-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 4.0 GEOLOGY 4.1 Regional Geology NWS are generally located in the north-central portion of the United States (predominantly in Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Illinois, with lesser amounts in Arkansas and Iowa). NWS is found in poorly cemented Cambrian and Ordovician sandstones and in unconsolidated alluvial deposits locally derived from these sandstones. The Saint Peter, Jordan, Wonewoc, and Mount Simon formations, located in south-central Minnesota into Wisconsin, are the primary sources of NWS, and can be observed in Figure 4.1, on the following page, which presents the various stratigraphic rock units in Wisconsin. The Oakdale Property is underlain by the Mount Simon Formation, which on a regional basis, ranges in thickness from 300 ft to over 2,000 ft (in Indiana). The Mount Simon sands can be described as poorly consolidated, poorly sorted, fine-grained, quartz sandstone. These sands are typically white in color, but can show a color change to a yellowish-gray or to a grayish-red. The Mount Simon Formation is of Cambrian age and underlying the Mount Simon is pre-Cambrian age granite. 4.2 Local Stratigraphy The surface of the Oakdale Property is overlain by a veneer of poorly sorted glacial till ranging from a few feet to over 30 ft in depth. Beneath the glacial till is the Mount Simon Formation. Within the property, the surface topography is predominately flat lying except for the western-southwestern portion of the property where the surface elevation increases as a series of hills or bluffs are present (vertical relief of 125 ft to 150 ft). The size consist of the sand found in the above drainage bluff areas is a coarser mix in comparison to the sands found in the alluvial material and in the in-place below drainage sand formations. 

4-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Structure of the Mount Simon Formation, on the Oakdale Property, appears to be flat lying with no evidence of faulting or other geologic features. Total thickness of the Mount Simon Formation contained on the property was not determined as the deepest drill hole (240 ft in length) was stopped while still in the sandstone formation. A cross-section through the deposit is provided in Figure 4.2 (page 4-4). 4.3 Frac Sand Geology Frac sand is a naturally occurring, high silica content quartz sand, with grains that are generally well-rounded. The main difference between frac sand and other sands is that frac sand grains are relatively pure in composition, consisting almost entirely of quartz; other sands have numerous impurities that may be cemented to the quartz grains. The pure quartz composition of frac sand grains, along with being well-rounded and spherical in shape, gives these sands the characteristics (crush strength, high acid solubility, low turbidity) that are branded as premium sands by the drilling service industry. The NWS-Mount Simon sands are generally characterized by a high silica content, high roundness and sphericity, white color, and lack of deleterious material. Because of their monocrystalline structure, these sands have superior grain strength when compared to other silica sands and are suitable for pressure applications generally up to the 9,000 pounds per square inch (psi) range. NWS is not classified as an in-basin frac sand. In-basin frac sands, such as those found in west Texas, are a relatively new extension of the frac sand mining industry. The first in-basin frac sand deposits mined (late-2017) in the United States were in the Permian Basin of Texas. Permian Basin oil and gas exploration and production companies noted favorable results from locally sourced sands, and as such, nearly every other energy basin has gone through a period of exploration to locate suitable local sources of frac sands. Many E Ps shifted their approach from requiring only premium branded frac sands, such as NWS, to using higher quantities of locally sourced and lower-priced frac sands, with positive results. q:\eng_wp\3555.021 - ss s-k 1300\3555.021a\ch-4 - geology.docx 

5-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 5.0 EXPLORATION DATA 5.1 Background BOYD has been involved with Smart Sand s Oakdale Property since mid-2011. At that time, under BOYD s supervision, three confirmatory drill holes were completed with frac sand core samples submitted to Stim-Lab for API testing. BOYD used the results of this program to confirm prior drilling data on the property and in combination with the prior drill hole data, BOYD was able to map the frac sand deposit and calculate the initial resource estimate for the Oakdale Property. 5.2 Exploration Procedures 5.2.1 Drilling and Sampling Based on information provided to BOYD by Smart Sand, there have been six different drilling campaigns on the Oakdale Property. The first drilling program commenced in December 2010, and the last drilling program was completed in 2018. From 2010 to 2018, a total of 37 holes were drilled, with 30 of the holes providing sufficient sand core data that were utilized by Smart Sand in their reserve model and subsequently by BOYD to verify the Smart Sand model. Seven of the drill holes were not utilized for varying reasons, such as, insufficient core recovery, hole abandoned, BOYD confirmatory drill holes (duplicated data), and no data provided. Table 5.1 provides additional summary information on the drilling campaigns. Number of Sand Cores Drill Holes Year Holes Drilled Data Used Thickness (ft) Not Used Reason Not Used 2010 2 - NA 2 Insufficient Core Recovery 2011 13 12 1,581 1 Hole Abandoned 2011-BOYD 3 - NA 3 Duplicated Results 2012 3 2 330 1 No data provided 2016 12 12 1,765 - 2018 4 4 965 - Total 37 30 4,641 7 Table 5.1: Oakdale Mine Exploration Drilling Campaign Summary BOYD reviewed the drilling and sampling methodologies utilized in the various exploration campaigns at the Oakdale Property, as well as the equipment utilized, and the sampling, logging, and field work performed. We note that methodologies and 

5-2 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY procedures indicate that the data obtained were carefully and professionally collected, prepared, and documented in conformance with generally accepted industry standards. BOYD opines that this work is thorough and complete for purposes of evaluating and estimating frac sand resources and reserves on the Oakdale Property. 5.2.2 Frac Sand Quality Testing Stim-Lab performed sieve analyses on numerous samples taken on the Oakdale Property. In addition, they performed the API RP 19C/ISO 13503-2 proppant sand characteristic tests for sphericity and roundness, acid solubility, crush resistance, and turbidity on several composite samples (DDH-1-10 drilled in 2010, a composite sample of the three BOYD confirmation holes drilled in July 2011, and on the three bluff holes drilled in 2012). The DDH-1 composite sample (comprised of sample material from the depth range of 9 ft to 59 ft) had a full suite of tests, while the BOYD hole and bluff hole only had sphericity, roundness, and crush resistance tests performed. When the samples were received by Stim-Lab, the general initial preparation was for each sample to be washed, dried (to remove moisture), and disassociated. After which, a composite sieve analysis was conducted on each sample. Composite samples of the anticipated frac sand product sizes, such as 20/40, 30/50, 40/70, and 70/140-mesh, were created and tested per API RP 19C/ISO 13503-2 standards. Results from the various testing performed on the DDH-1 sample from the Oakdale Property is presented in Section 5.3. 5.2.3 Other Exploration Methods No other methods of exploration (such as airborne or ground geophysical surveys) are reported for the Oakdale Property. 5.3 Laboratory Testing Results The relatively uniform nature of the Mount Simon sand formation underlying the Oakdale Property, combined with the results of independent laboratory testing (Stim-Lab) indicated that the Oakdale Property was capable of producing a suite of 20/140-mesh frac sand products that meet customer specifications for frac sand use. 

5-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 5.3.1 Grain Size Distribution Grain size distribution was analyzed according to API RP 19C/ISO 13503-2, Section 6. A table of weighted average grain size distribution of the in situ sand deposit, based on laboratory testing results, is shown in Table 5.2. Approximate In-Place Product Distribution Retained By Mesh Size Product >30 30/50 50/140 

5-4 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 5.3.5 Turbidity Turbidity was analyzed according to ISO 13503-2/API RP19C, Section 9. Under this standard, the suggested maximum frac sand turbidity should be equal to or less than 250 nephelometric turbidity units (NTU). 5.3.6 Quality Summary The DDH-1-10 composite sample gathered during the initial exploration was tested by Stim-Lab for API RP 19C/ISO 13503-2 proppant sand characteristics. Testing was performed on the 20/40, 40/70, and 70/140-mesh product sizes. The test results are presented in Table 5.3. DDH-1-10 Average API/ISO Test Results By Product Size API RP19C API RP19C Result Recommended Result Result Recommended Test 20/40-mesh Specification 40/70-mesh 70/140-mesh Specification Sphericity 0.8 0.6 0.7 0.7 0.6 Roundness 0.7 0.6 0.7 0.6 0.6 Acid Solubility ) 0.7 2.0 0.9 1.3 3.0 Turbidity (NTU) 30 250 16 16 250 K-Value (000 psi) 7 - 9 12 - Currently, 70/140-mesh proppant sand material does not have an API/ISO specification. Table 5.3: Oakdale API/ISO Test Results for the DDH-1-10 Composite Sample The composited sample testing suggested that the Oakdale Mine could produce frac sands which meet minimum API/ISO recommended testing characteristics. BOYD notes that the Oakdale operation has been selling various frac sand sized products to their E P and drilling services customers since 2012. 5.4 Data Verification For purposes of this report, BOYD notes that we prepared the initial resource/reserve report for the Oakdale Property in 2012 and have prepared updates (additions or reductions) to the estimated resources and reserves tons through December 31, 2020. The December 31, 2021, reserve estimate for the Oakdale Property is based on historic drill hole data previously used by BOYD in the preparation of our prior reserve estimates. It is customary in preparing proppant sand resource and reserve estimates to accept basic drilling and quality testing data as provided by the client, subject to the reported results being judged representative and reasonable. As we have judged the drilling and quality data representative and reasonable, we opine that they are still representative and reasonable for use in the December 31, 2021, resource and reserve estimate. q:\eng_wp\3555.021 - ss s-k 1300\3555.021a\ch-5 - exploration.docx 

6-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 6.0 FRAC SAND RESOURCES AND RESERVES 6.1 Applicable Standards and Definitions Unless otherwise stated, frac sand resource and frac sand reserve estimates disclosed herein are completed in accordance with the standards and definitions provided by S-K 1300. It should be noted that BOYD considers the terms mineral and frac sand to be generally interchangeable within the relevant sections of S-K 1300. Estimates of any mineral resources and reserves are always subject to a degree of uncertainty. The level of confidence that can be applied to a particular estimate is a function of, among other things: the amount, quality, and completeness of exploration data; the geological complexity of the deposit; and economic, legal, social, and environmental factors associated with mining the resource/reserve. By assignment, BOYD used the definitions provided in S-K 1300 to describe the degree of uncertainty associated with the estimates reported herein. The definition of mineral (frac sand) resource provided by S-K 1300 is: Mineral resource is a concentration or occurrence of material of economic interest in or on the Earth's crust in such form, grade or quality, and quantity that there are reasonable prospects for economic extraction. A mineral resource is a reasonable estimate of mineralization, taking into account relevant factors such as cut-off grade, likely mining dimensions, location or continuity, that, with the assumed and justifiable technical and economic conditions, is likely to, in whole or in part, become economically extractable. It is not merely an inventory of all mineralization drilled or sampled. Estimates of frac sand resources are subdivided to reflect different levels of geological confidence into measured (highest geologic assurance), indicated, and inferred (lowest geologic assurance) The definition of mineral (frac sand) reserve provided by S-K 1300 is: Mineral reserve is an estimate of tonnage and grade or quality of indicated and measured mineral resources that, in the opinion of the qualified person, can be the basis of an economically viable project. More specifically, it is the economically mineable part of a measured or indicated mineral resource, which includes diluting materials and allowances for losses that may occur when the material is mined or extracted. 

6-2 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Estimates of frac sand reserves are subdivided to reflect geologic confidence, and potential uncertainties in the modifying factors, into proven (highest assurance) and probable. Figure 6.1 shows the relationship between frac sand resources and frac sand reserves. Figure 6.1: Relationship Between Frac Sand Resources and Frac Sand Reserves In this report, the term frac sand reserves represent the tonnage of frac sand products that meets customer specifications and will be available for sale after processing of the ROM sand. 6.2 Frac Sand Resources 6.2.1 Methodology BOYD independently prepared estimates of in-place frac sand for the Oakdale Property by performing the following tasks: 1. Available drilling logs and laboratory testing results were reviewed to check for accuracy and to support development of the geologic model. The geologic database utilized for modeling and estimation consists of results of 30 drillholes as the holes from the first campaign were twinned by two campaigns in 2014 and 2016 for verification purposes. Two of the drillholes from the initial drilling campaign were left out, because the accurate locations of the drillholes were not identified in the records. The existing drillhole data were complimented by an excavation sample 

6-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY collected more recently. Based on the data from the excavation sample and an adjacent drillhole, a dummy hole was also added to the drillhole dataset to make sure that overburden thickness is modeled properly. The geologic data were imported into Carlson Software, a geologic modeling and mine planning software suite that is widely used and accepted by the mining industry. 2. A geologic model of the deposit was created in Carlson Software using industry-standard grid modeling methods well-suited for simple stratigraphic deposits. The geologic model delineates the top and bottom of the mineable sand horizon and the distribution of the product size fractions across the deposit. The top and bottom of the mineable frac sand interval were established thusly: a. There is minimal overburden material across the property. The top of the mineable sand interval was defined as the current ground surface as provided by several aerial topographic surveys conducted from the beginning of the project until July of 2021. The local pit areas were included and for the areas where the facilities are located, the original LIDAR data were used to define the ground surface to get accurate reserves. b. The bottom of the mineable sand interval was established at an 800 ft level. Although the sand layer extends below the 800 ft level, due to waste material stockpile space constraints, it is unlikely that mining the material below this level is operationally feasible. 3. After reviewing the continuity and variability of the deposit, suitable resources classification criteria were developed and applied as per the discussion in Section 6.2.2. 4. BOYD then reviewed the proposed mining regions identified by Smart Sand. Estimation of the in-place frac sand resources for the Oakdale Property assumes mining operations using standard surface excavation equipment, which is widely utilized for mining of similar deposit types. As such, the estimates were subject to the following setbacks and slope requirements: a. 100 ft inside of property lines. b. Site infrastructures, including the railroad areas and plants were eliminated from the resource areas. 5. A 75 degree highwall with a 30 ft catch bench for every 100 ft drop and a floor elevation of 800 ft. In-place volumes for each of the proposed mining blocks were calculated from the geologic model within Carlson Software. A dry, in-place, bulk density of 125 pounds per cubic foot was used to calculate the in-place tonnage of frac sand. It is based on a density study done by Smart Sand in 2019. The overall mineable area was divided into West and East areas. West area includes two sections with proven reserves (West_1 and West_2 pits) and three sections with probable reserves (West_3, West_4, and West_5 pits). East area consists of two sections with proven reserves (East_1 and East_2 pits) and one section with probable reserves (East_3 pit). 

6-4 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 6. BOYD then compared the volumetric estimate derived from its geologic modeling to that of the model provided by Smart Sand. The volumetric estimates from the two models were reasonably similar. The Smart Sand volumetric estimate is therefore utilized as the basis for this reserve estimate. 7. BOYD utilized provided production data to reconcile the estimate from date of volumetric estimate to December 31, 2021. 6.2.2 Classification Geologic assuredness is established by the availability of both structural (thickness and elevation) and quality (size fraction) information for the deposit. Resource classification is generally based on the concentration or spacing of exploration data which can be used to demonstrate the geologic continuity of the deposit. When material variations in thickness, depth, and/or sand quality occur between drill holes, the allowable spacing distance between drill holes is reduced. The following drill hole spacing criteria were established by the Qualified Person after review of the available exploration data and geologic models and used to classify the frac sand resources of the Oakdale Mine: Table 6.1: Oakdale Property Drill Hole Spacing Parameters Resource Classification Spacing Requirement (ft) (Nominal Maximum) Measured 1,750 Indicated 3,500 Inferred 7,000 The Qualified Person has determined that all of the estimated frac sand resources within the Oakdale Property are classified as either Measured or Indicated. BOYD is of the opinion that there is a low degree of uncertainty associated with each of the resource classifications. 6.2.3 Frac Sand Resource Estimate There are no reportable frac sand resources excluding those converted to frac sand reserves for the Oakdale Mine. Quantities of frac sand controlled by Smart Sand within the defined boundaries of the Oakdale Property which are not reported as frac sand reserves are not considered to have potential economic viability; as such, they are not reportable as frac sand resources. 6.2.4 Validation BOYD independently estimated in-place frac sand resources for the Oakdale Mine based on the provided drilling, sampling, and testing data obtained by Smart Sand. 

6-5 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Utilizing industry-standard grid modeling techniques we have estimated volumes of frac sand indicated by such data. Based on the favorable comparison of our estimate to that of Smart Sand s well-documented geologic exploration and volumetric estimate, we are of the opinion that Smart Sand s estimate is reasonable and appropriate. Furthermore, it is our opinion that the estimation methods employed are both appropriate and reasonable for the deposit type and proposed extraction methods. 6.3 Frac Sand Reserves 6.3.1 Methodology Estimates of frac sand reserves for the Oakdale Mine were derived contemporaneously with estimates of frac sand resources. To derive an estimate of saleable product tons (proven and probable frac sand reserves), the following modifying factors were applied to the in-place measured and indicated frac sand resources underlying the respective mine plan areas: The mining recovery factor utilized in the estimates assumes that approximately 5 of the mineable (in-place) frac sand resource will not be recovered for various reasons. Applying this recovery factor to the in-place resource results in the estimated ROM sand tonnage that will be delivered to the wet process plant. A 95 dry processing recovery, which accounts for losses in the dry processing plant due to minor inefficiencies, was used in the estimate of the reserves. In addition, for each of the mining sections, a wet plant recovery factor, which accounts for removal of out-sized (i.e., larger than 30-mesh and smaller than 140-mesh) sand was derived from sieve analysis results from drilling campaigns. The overall wet plant recovery is 85.5 . The overall product yield (after mining and processing losses) for the Oakdale Mine is estimated at 77.1 . That is, for every 100 tons of in-place frac sand resources mined, approximately 77.1 tons will be recovered and sold as product. At the request of Smart Sand, BOYD utilized provided October December 2021 production volumes to estimate the frac sand reserves for the Oakdale Mine as of 

6-6 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY December 31, 2021. The following table presents the estimated tons that are anticipated to be produced at Smart Sand s Oakdale Property. Table 6.2: Mineable and Reserve Tons as of December 31, 2021 Oakdale Property In-Place Resource and Reserve Tons Tons (000) In-Place(a) Run-of-Mine(b) Product(c) West Pit 202,854 192,305 156,210 East Pit 121,736 115,406 93,745 Total 324,590 307,712 249,955 a. In-place tons calculated using an in situ dry density of 125 pcf. b. ROM tons calculated using a 94.8 mining recovery. c. Product tons calculated using 95 dry plant and 85.5 wet plant recoveries. 6.3.2 Classification Proven and probable frac sand reserves are derived from measured and indicated frac sand resources, respectively, in accordance with S-K 1300. BOYD is satisfied that the frac sand reserve classification reflects the outcome of technical and economic studies. Figure 6.2 illustrates the reserve classification of the Oakdale Property frac sand deposit. 6.3.3 Frac Sand Reserve Estimate Smart Sand s estimated surface mineable frac sand reserves for the Oakdale Property total 250 million saleable product tons, as of December 31, 2021. The following table presents the estimated Reserve tons by product (size), that are anticipated to be produced at Smart Sand s Oakdale Property. Table 6.3: Reserves as of December 31, 2021 Smart Sand Oakdale Property Reserves Mesh Size Tons (000) By Classification Proven Probable Total 30/50 48,367 31,785 80,152 50/140 96,818 72,984 169,802 Total 145,186 104,769 249,955 The reported reserves include only frac sand which is reportedly owned as of December 31, 2021. 

6-8 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY The frac sand reserves of the Oakdale Mine are well-explored and defined. It is our conclusion that over 58 of the stated reserves can be classified on the proven reliability category (the highest level of assurance) with the reminder classified as probable. It should be noted that we classified wetlands located at the reserve areas as probable reserves. The estimated product distribution of the frac sand reserves is based on available laboratory gradation test data provided by Smart Sand. Grain size distribution and overall yields may vary based on the depth and location at which mining occurs. The Oakdale Property, and other frac sand operations in the area, have a well-established history of mining and selling frac sand products into the Permian Basin energy fields as well as other regions. BOYD has assessed that sufficient studies have been undertaken to enable the frac sand resources to be converted to frac sand reserves based on current and proposed operating methods and practices. Changes in the factors and assumptions employed in these studies may materially affect the frac sand reserve estimate. The extent to which the frac sand reserves may be affected by any known geological, operational, environmental, permitting, legal, title, variation, socio-economic, marketing, political, or other relevant issues has been reviewed as warranted. It is the opinion of BOYD that Smart Sand has appropriately mitigated, or has the operational acumen to mitigate, the risks associated with these factors. BOYD is not aware of any additional risks that could materially affect the development of the frac sand reserves. Based on our independent estimate and operations review, we have a high degree of confidence that the estimates shown in this report accurately represent the available frac sand reserves controlled by Smart Sand, as of December 31, 2021. q:\eng_wp\3555.021 - ss s-k 1300\3555.021a\ch-6 - mineral resources and reserves.docx 

7-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 7.0 MINING OPERATIONS 7.1 Mining Method The Oakdale Mine property is broadly separated into two sections, the east section and the west section. The property is bisected by the loadout rail spur and access roads entering the site. The office, process plants and unit train loadouts are generally located within the interior of the property. The mine has two distinct mining schemes that are employed at the property. The eastern side of the property generally consists of lowlands with some interspersed wetlands. This area served as the initial mining area for approximately the first five to six years of the operation. Typical excavator and articulated truck method is employed in a series of benches downward. There is very little overburden overlying the sand and the overburden that is stripped is utilized in berms or hauled to a dump area. The sand is drilled and blasted on a very wide pattern to fluff or disaggregate the sand grains. The mined sand is crushed then hauled to a wet process plant located on the eastern side of the property for processing. The pits are continuously dewatered, and the water is pumped into a holding pond at the northeast area of the property prior to sampling and discharging. Currently, and for the immediate future, the majority of the ROM sand is mined from the western side of the property. Here, the bluffs are mined which generally lie above ground level to approximately 970 ft msl in elevation. Typical of other Wonewac Formation bluff mines, there is little overburden and following vegetation grubbing a bench is drilled and blasted in approximate 50 ft high benches progressing from the highest elevation downward. Excavators load articulated trucks which haul the ROM material to a primary crusher located on the western side of the property. Figure 7.1 illustrates the benching and primary crusher on the west side of the property. 

7-2 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY The current mine plan and exploration drilling have projected the pit(s) to extend down to a basement elevation of approximately 800 ft msl. Figure 7.1: West Side bluff Mining at Oakdale Typically, blasting occurs twice per week in the pit. The drilling and blasting are contracted to a third-party vendor. 7.2 Mine Schedule, Equipment, and Staffing The entire operation conforms to a 2-2 3-2 2-3 rotating shift schedule which uses four teams (crews) and two 12-hour shifts to provide 24/7 coverage. Personnel work an average 42 hours per week. The quarry pit generally operates on 12 hours daily utilizing this rotation for the entire operation. The primary pit mobile equipment involved in sand excavation includes: Four Cat 988 loaders. Two Cat 982 loaders. 

7-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Eight Volvo A45 haul trucks. Three Cat 745 haul trucks. One Cat 390 excavator. One Cat 349 excavator. One Volvo 480 excavator. In addition, there are numerous support vehicles (maintenance trucks, skid steers, water truck, etc.) to complement the fleet. 7.3 Mine Production 7.3.1 Historical Mine Production Oakdale predominantly produces 30/50-mesh and 50/140-mesh (100-mesh) frac sand products for sale to destinations served by the Canadian Pacific and Union Pacific railways. All of the finished product is railed to the final destination. The sand is mined, processed, stored, and shipped from one contiguous property. Production from the operation commenced in mid-2012. Recent historic ROM production is as follows: Table 7.1: Historic ROM Production Year Finished Tons (000) 2019 5,133 2020 2,765 2021 5,760 est Included Covid period. 7.3.2 Forecasted Production Forecasted ROM sand production is estimated as follows: Table 7.2: Forecasted ROM Production Tons Year 2022 Year 2023 Year 2024 Year 2025 Year 2026 ROM Production tons (000) 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 The average process yield is reported to be 81.2 ; as such, 3.5 million ROM tons are expected to produce approximately 2.8 million tons of finished product. 

7-4 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 7.3.3 Expected Mine Life As of December 31, 2021, the reserve estimate for the Oakdale Mine is estimated at 250 million saleable tons. Projecting an average yearly sales volume of 2.8 million tons per year, the operation has a LOM of approximately 90 years. Figure 7.2: Oakdale Proposed Mine Plan The illustration above depicts the proposed LOM plan for the Oakdale Mine. The LOM plan assumes a steady-state sales volume in the 2.8 to 3.0 million product tons per year range for approximately 85 years through year 2106. Future mine plan production, and hence the longevity of the mine, is directly related to energy market demand for proppant sand. Actual yearly production volumes may, and are likely to, fluctuate significantly based on this demand. 7.3.4 Mining Risk Surface mines face two primary types of operational risks. The first category of risk includes those daily variations in physical mining conditions, mechanical failures, and 

7-5 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY operational activities that can temporarily disrupt production activities. Several examples are as follows: Water accumulations/soft floor conditions. Process water shortages. Power curtailments. Variations in grain size consistency. Encountering excessive clay and other waste material. Failures or breakdowns of operating equipment and supporting infrastructure. Weather disruptions (power outages, dust storms, excessive heat etc.). The above conditions/circumstances can adversely affect production on any given day, but are not regarded as risk issues relative to the long-term operation of a mining entity. Instead, these are considered nuisance items that, while undesirable, are encountered on a periodic basis at many mining operations. BOYD does not regard the issues listed above as being material to the Oakdale Mine operations or otherwise compromising its forecasted performance. The second type of risk is categorized as event risk. Items in this category are rare, but significant occurrences that are confined to an individual mine, and ultimately have a pronounced impact on production activities and corresponding financial outcomes. Examples of event risks are major fires or explosions, floods, or unforeseen geological anomalies that disrupt extensive areas of proposed or operating mine workings and require alterations of mining plans. Such an event can result in the cessation of production activities for an undefined but extended period (measured in months, and perhaps years) and/or result in the sterilization of frac sand reserves. This type of risk is minimal in a relatively simple surface sand mining operation. q:\eng_wp\3555.021 - ss s-k 1300\3555.021a\ch-7 - mining operations.docx 

8-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 8.0 PROCESSING OPERATIONS 8.1 Overview The Oakdale plant area is actually a series of two wash plants, three dry plants, and three rail loadouts that are centered around the railroad tracks in the interior of the property. The original layout (Wet 1, Dry 1, Loadout 1) was constructed in 2012. An additional dry plant (Dry 2) was subsequently added which was fed by Wet 1. The most recent expansion in Q1 2018 included a new wet plant, dry plant, and loadout on the west side of the rail loadout (Wet 2, Dry 3, Loadout 3). This newer plant is where the majority of the sand is now processed and loaded. The adjacent mining pit essentially excavates the higher bluff sand material. The east side plants are utilized for incremental production as a peaking type facility when demand for product cannot be satisfied from the west side facility. Figure 8.1 illustrates the layout and location of the process and loadout facilities. The overall complex has an approximate annual finished product capacity of 5.5 million tons. Figure 8.1 Oakdale Processing Plants and Rail Loadouts 

8-2 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY There are three major process components which are typical in the frac sand industry. At the Oakdale operation these components include: Wet Process Plants- These facilities include the west plant (Wet 2) and the east plant (Wet 1). ROM material from the pit is hauled to a primary crusher to reduce oversize before entering the wet plant. Sand that is greater than 30-mesh and less than 140-mesh including silt material is removed in a typical screen/hydrosizer/cycone wet classification system. The resulting 30 x 140-mesh WIP material is stockpiled and decanted before being fed into the dry plants. The silt and fine waste 

8-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Storage and Loadout- Finished products are stored in 13 product silos (6 at west plant, 7 at east plants). Approximate finished storage capacity of all the silos is 36,000 tons. There are three on-site rail loadouts that service the Canadian Pacific Railway. One loadout is supplied directly by the west plant and the other two loadouts are located on the east side at Dry 1 and Dry 2. There is a nearby fourth rail loadout that services the Union Pacific Railway. Finished product is hauled to this facility by truck. The on-site rail spur is capable of loading unit train shipments and the off- site loadout is a manifest loadout. Figure 8.3 illustrates the two east side loadouts. ` Figure 8.3 East Side Rail Loading Facilities The entire complex is staffed by approximately 160 employees at the site. This number can fluctuate based on product demand. 8.2 Conclusion Based on our review of the Oakdale Mine, it is BOYD s opinion that the processing methods and existing equipment at the plant will be sufficient for the planned production of frac sand. q:\eng_wp\3555.021 - ss s-k 1300\3555.021a\ch-8 - processing operations.docx 

9-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 9.0 MINE INFRASTRUCTURE The Oakdale Mine is serviced by three phase power that is routed along County Road CA and into the plant at the southern end of the property. The pipeline providing natural gas supply for the drying equipment is also routed along this corridor. Plant process water is supplied by surface water retention ponds and a backup drilled high capacity well if needed. Additionally, the wash process water is recycled after fines are removed via settling in a series of constructed ponds. As the mine progresses, silt ponds are constructed in mined-out areas. Wastewater from offices and other buildings are collected via holding tanks and disposed of on a regular basis. Potable water is provided by a public water system. On-site facilities include a guard house, office, shop, and a quality laboratory located in the dry process plants. The operation employs approximately 160 people and staffing varies based on production demand. The surface facilities currently located at the mine are well constructed and have the necessary capacity/capabilities to support the Oakdale Mine s near-term and long-term operating plans. Substantial excess production capacity is installed as the nameplate capacity of the facility is approximately 5.5 million tons per year with current yearly sales projected in the 2.8 to 3.0 million tons per year range. q:\eng_wp\3555.021 - ss s-k 1300\3555.021a\ch-9 - infrastructure.docx 

10-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 10.0 MARKET ANALYSIS The frac sand market is driven by unconventional horizontal drilling in the oil and gas industry. In the late 1990s, rapid advances in horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing (fracking) in North America ushered in large-scale commercial oil and gas production. This fracking technique has been increasingly successful and modified over time to extract oil and gas held in dense layers of shale rocks, whose low permeability had previously prevented the flow of hydrocarbons. Hydraulic fracturing uses a mixture of water, chemicals, and proppant (natural sand or man-made sand-like substances) to fracture shale rock and release hydrocarbons such as oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids. The proppant acts to keep the fractures open (prop) while the pressurized fluids flow back up the well piping. Wells have become more productive with the addition of horizontal drilling capabilities, longer lateral lengths, and multi-stage fracks. North America s shale oil industry s growing competitiveness gained through continuous technology improvement and falling production costs have had major implications on the global energy market. Oilfield service companies, including frac sand producers, made significant cuts in 2020 to survive lower commodity prices because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Figure 10.1 illustrates the CME Group s West Texas Intermediate (WTI) Crude Oil Annual Average Futures Price. We estimate breakeven pricing for unconventional oil wells in the Permian to be in the 30 to 40 per barrel range, with some areas in the mid 20s per barrel. 2021 WTI futures pricing showed a strong recovery following the 2020 COVID-19 impact. 30.00 35.00 40.00 45.00 50.00 55.00 60.00 65.00 70.00 75.00 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 WTI Crude Oil CME Futures Price /bbl) Figure 10.1: WTI Crude Oil CME Futures Price 

10-2 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Although Smart Sand s market area is essentially all of the energy basins in the United States and western Canada, we have selectively focused on the Permian, Appalachian, and Denver-Julesburg (DJ) as these are target markets for their frac sand. The Oakdale Mine has advantaged delivered cost to the western basins like the DJ as the Oakdale Mine directly loads onto the Canadian Pacific Railway, a very competitive option for westbound sand to the DJ. Oakdale also own a loadout near the mine which enables them to load directly on the Union Pacific Railway, the favored Permian basin rail. The Utica Mine has access to their nearby Burlington Northern rail loadout which greatly complements the Oakdale facility, especially when moving product to the Appalachian (Marcellus-Utica) basin. Therefore, a high-level overview of demand in these basins follows. 10.1 Permian Basin Permit submissions for horizontal oil and gas wells in the Permian indicate a continuation of strong drilling ahead. According to InfillThinking, the number of permits filed per working rig this summer is tracking at multi-year highs as evidenced in Figure 10.2 below. Figure 10.2: Permian Basin HZ Permit Submissions vs. Rigs 

10-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Over the previous 52 weeks, rig counts in the Permian are up approximately 111 . This has led to increased production for both crude oil and natural gas. For the same time period, crude oil (barrels per day) and natural gas production (thousand cubic feet per day) in the Permian are up 10 and 9 , respectively. As Figure 10.3 illustrates, Permian daily crude oil production is nearing its pre-pandemic impacted peak, while daily natural gas production in the Permian continues to make new records and now stands at 18.6 billion cubic feet per day. Figure 10.3: Permian Oil Production and Natural Gas Production According to U.S. Energy Information Administration Drilling Productivity Report, drilled but uncompleted wells (DUCs) in the Permian Basin have declined 43 since peaking in July 2020 (refer to Figure 10.4). These data dovetail with increased crude oil and natural gas production in the basin. Figure 10.4: Permian Drilled but Uncompleted Wells - 1,000,000 2,000,000 3,000,000 4,000,000 5,000,000 6,000,000 Ja n- 19 Fe b- 19 M ar -1 9 Ap r- 19 M ay -1 9 Ju n- 19 Ju l-1 9 Au g- 19 Se p- 19 O ct -1 9 N ov -1 9 De c- 19 Ja n- 20 Fe b- 20 M ar -2 0 Ap r- 20 M ay -2 0 Ju n- 20 Ju l-2 0 Au g- 20 Se p- 20 O ct -2 0 N ov -2 0 De c- 20 Ja n- 21 Fe b- 21 M ar -2 1 Ap r- 21 M ay -2 1 Ju n- 21 Ju l-2 1 Au g- 21 Permian Oil Production (bbl/d) - 2,000,000 4,000,000 6,000,000 8,000,000 10,000,000 12,000,000 14,000,000 16,000,000 18,000,000 20,000,000 Ja n- 19 Fe b- 19 M ar -1 9 Ap r- 19 M ay -1 9 Ju n- 19 Ju l-1 9 Au g- 19 Se p- 19 O ct -1 9 N ov -1 9 De c- 19 Ja n- 20 Fe b- 20 M ar -2 0 Ap r- 20 M ay -2 0 Ju n- 20 Ju l-2 0 Au g- 20 Se p- 20 O ct -2 0 N ov -2 0 De c- 20 Ja n- 21 Fe b- 21 M ar -2 1 Ap r- 21 M ay -2 1 Ju n- 21 Ju l-2 1 Au g- 21 Permian Natural Gas Production (Mcf/d) - 500 1,000 1,500 2,000 2,500 3,000 3,500 4,000 Ja n- 19 Fe b- 19 M ar -1 9 Ap r- 19 M ay -1 9 Ju n- 19 Ju l-1 9 Au g- 19 Se p- 19 O ct -1 9 N ov -1 9 De c- 19 Ja n- 20 Fe b- 20 M ar -2 0 Ap r- 20 M ay -2 0 Ju n- 20 Ju l-2 0 Au g- 20 Se p- 20 O ct -2 0 N ov -2 0 De c- 20 Ja n- 21 Fe b- 21 M ar -2 1 Ap r- 21 M ay -2 1 Ju n- 21 Ju l-2 1 Au g- 21 Permian Drilled but Uncompleted Wells 

10-4 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Although a majority of this large basin s sand is sourced from local sand mines, Northern White, Oakdale quality sand remains an important product for many well applications. 10.2 Appalachian Basin (Marcellus/Utica Play) and Niobrara Basin Although smaller in size than the Permian energy fields, the Appalachian and Nioobrara (DJ) are substantial natural gas and oil plays in North America. Unlike the Permian, the Appalachian and Niobrara import the vast majority of the frac sand. Very few, notable in-basin sand operations exist. This creates an advantaged situation for the Oakdale and Utica mines as they are advantaged, transport wise to the basin and there are few substitutes for NWS. Following the energy downturn in 2019 and then Covid shutdown in 2020, the basin wellfield activity appears to be rebounding. Horizontal rigs have stabilized over the past two years as can be seen on Figure 10.5, but gas production per rig is substantially higher. Energy companies are drilling longer laterals and optimizing each well pad becoming more efficient from a cost perspective and overall natural gas production is stable as can be seen from Figure 10.6. Figure 10.5: Appalachian Rig Count and Production per Rig (Source: EIA) 

10-5 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Figure 10.6: Appalachian Gas Production (Source: EIA) Similarly, the DJ basin has seen a rebound in rig count since the Covid shutdown. Both gas and oil rig counts have risen but productivity per well has decreased as can be seen in Figure 10.7. Figure 10.7: Niobrara Oil and Gas Rig Count and Productivity (Source: EIA) 

10-6 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Overall gas and oil production remains relatively flat in the basin, but more wells are being drilled to maintain this capacity. Figure 10.8 illustrates the overall yearly gas and oil production in the basin. Figure 10.8: Niobrara Oil and Gas Production (Source: EIA) Having survived the challenging environment of 2019 and 2020, Smart Sand s operations should continue to prove viable into the future notwithstanding a sustained and significant energy price collapse. Their low-cost mining scheme, advantaged transport to select basins, and high-quality product help to create an advantage compared with other NWS producers. Q:\ENG_WP\3555.021 - SS S-K 1300\3555.021A\CH-10 - Market Analysis.docx 

11-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 11.0 CAPITAL, REVENUES, AND OPERATING COSTS 11.1 Introduction Smart Sand commenced mining and processing operations at the Oakdale Mine in July 2012. Smart Sand provided BOYD with production, sales, CapEx, and financial data for the years 2019, 2020, and September YTD 2021. We remind the reader of the significant effect the COVID-19 pandemic had on drilling and fracking activities in the oil gas industry in 2020. 11.2 Historical Capital Expenditures The Oakdale operation s CapEx, for the years 2019, 2020, and 2021 (September YTD), is presented in Table 11.1 below. CapEx 000) Year 2019 10,527 Year 2020 1,737 Sep YTD 2021 1,962 Total 14,227 Oakdale operation only, excludes transload sites and other locatons/activities. Table 11.1: Historical Capital Expenditures 11.3 Historical Revenues and Operating Costs 11.3.1 Historical Revenues Table 11.2 presents Smart Sand s historical sales data for the years 2019, 2020, and 2021 (September YTD). Year 2019 Year 2020 SepYTD2021 Tons Sold (000) 2,462 1,779 1,752 Total Revenues 000) (a) 103,865 67,827 70,546 Average Sales Price per ton sold) 42.19 38.14 40.26 Revenues are a mix of point of sale, and as such are not all mine gate prices. Table 11.2: Historical Sales Statistics 

11-2 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Figure 11.1 presents the product sizes sold as a percent of total tons sold. About 90 of the tons sold consists of the finer size 40/70-mesh and 100-mesh products with about 10 of the products sold consisting of the coarser 20/40 and 30/50-mesh products. Figure 11.1: Product Size as a Percentage of Total Tons Sold Based on the statistics presented in Table 11.2 above, the average realization ranges from a low of 38.14 per ton sold to a high of 42.19 per ton sold. The revenues and average sales price are not 100 free-on-board (FOB) mine gate but represent a mix of point-of-sale revenues. Smart Sand provided BOYD with historical average mine gate pricing (Table 11.3), which eliminates the additional revenue received for transportation services from the mine gate to the customer s delivery point. Average Mine Gate Pricing - per ton sold Year 2019 Year 2020 Year 2021 25.11 22.89 20.00 Table 11.3: Historical Average Mine Gate Pricing Over the past three years, the average mine gate prices have decreased from 25.11 per ton in Year 2019 to 20.00 per ton in Year 2021 (September YTD). 0 10 20 30 40 50 60 Year 2019 Year 2020 Sep YTD 2021 Product Size as a of Total Tons Sold 30/50-Mesh and Coarser 40/70-Mesh 100-Mesh 

11-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY The Oakdale operation has both contract and spot sales. Figure 11.2 presents annual contract and spot sales as a percent of total tons sold for the years 2019, 2020, and 2021 (September YTD). Figure 11.2: Oakdale Contract and Spot Sales Oakdale s customer portfolio primarily consists of E P and Well Services Companies. Figure 11.3 presents Top 5 Customers (as a group) based on total revenues for the years 2019, 2020, and 2021 (September YTD). Figure 11.3: Oakdale Top 5 Customers (Grouped) as a Percentage of Total Revenues Table 11.4 presents Oakdale s historical cash operating costs for the years 2019, 2020, and 2021(September YTD). Operating costs represent the costs incurred associated 0 20 40 60 80 100 Year 2019 Year 2020 Sep YTD 2021 Contract and Spot Sales as a of Total Revenues Contract Spot 0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 90 100 Year 2019 Year 2020 Sep YTD 2021 Top 5 Customers as a of Total Revenues 

11-4 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY with the mining, ongoing reclamation, wet processing, dry processing, on-site rail loadout, and other related costs. (000) per ton sold Cash Operating Costs: Year 2019 Year 2020 SepYTD2021 Year 2019 Year 2020 SepYTD2021 Wages and benefits 15,837 10,577 8,012 6.43 5.95 4.54 Excavation 5,297 3,135 3,640 2.15 1.76 2.06 Utilities 7,622 4,600 5,029 3.10 2.59 2.85 Equipment 5,834 3,493 2,480 2.37 1.96 1.41 Maintenance 3,863 2,148 1,984 1.57 1.21 1.12 Other costs 2,360 2,410 1,475 0.96 1.36 0.84 Total Cash Operating Costs 40,813 26,362 22,620 16.62 14.82 12.81 Note: Rounding Errors Table 11.4: Historical Cost of Production Based on the statistics presented in Table 11.4 above, total cash operating costs declined from 16.62 per ton sold in 2019 to 12.81 per ton sold in 2021. 11.4 Projected Production, Sales, and Costs Smart Sand provided BOYD with production, sales, and cost projections for the Oakdale operation. We reviewed and adjusted the cost projections based on current year and historical financial data. Forecasted financial data, product pricing, and costs are in 2021 constant dollars. BOYD opines that the production and financial projections are reasonable and are likely to be within 20 accuracy level. 11.4.1 Production and Sales Projections Table 11.5 below, presents frac sand production projections for the years 2022 through 2026. Year 2022 Year 2023 Year 2024 Year 2025 Year 2026 ROM Production (000) 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 Wet Plant Feed 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 Processing Recovery ) 85.5 85.5 85.5 85.5 85.5 Wet Plant Product 2,947 2,947 2,947 2,947 2,947 Dry Plant Feed 2,947 2,947 2,947 2,947 2,947 Processing Recovery ) 95.0 95.0 95.0 95.0 95.0 Dry Plant Product 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 Table 11.5: Oakdale Production Projections Annual forecasted ROM production is based on the dry plant producing 2.8 million tons per year of saleable product after a processing (wet and dry processing plant) loss of 

11-5 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY approximately 18.8 , as discussed in Chapter 6. Forecasted dry processing plant production is within the operation s current infrastructure capacities and capabilities. Table 11.6 below, presents frac sand sales projections for the years 2022 through 2026. Year 2022 Year 2023 Year 2024 Year 2025 Year 2026 Tons Sold (000) 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 30/50-Mesh 898 898 898 898 898 50/140-Mesh 1,902 1,902 1,902 1,902 1,902 Revenues 000) 56,000 56,000 56,000 56,000 56,000 Product Pricing per ton sold) Average Price for all products 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 Table 11.6: Oakdale Sales Projections Sales of the projected dry processing plant product are about 32 for 30/50-mesh product and approximately 68 for 50/140-mesh product and are based on reserve product size data provided to BOYD by Smart Sand. The sales price forecast presented in Table 11.6 above is based on Smart Sand s current year (2021) mine gate pricing discussed above. BOYD opines that these are reasonable price projections. 11.4.2 Operating Cost Projections Table 11.7 below, presents the cash cost projections for the years 2022 through 2026. These projections were based on a review of historic costs, and SG A data provided to BOYD by Smart Sand, as well as other information. Summary Cash Cost of Goods Sold 000) Year 2022 Year 2023 Year 2024 Year 2025 Year 2026 Cash Operating Expense Wages and benefits 10,800 10,800 10,800 10,800 10,800 Excavation 5,771 5,771 5,771 5,771 5,771 Utilities 7,974 7,974 7,974 7,974 7,974 Equipment 3,307 3,307 3,307 3,307 3,307 Maintenance 3,147 3,147 3,147 3,147 3,147 Other costs 2,400 2,400 2,400 2,400 2,400 Subtotal Cash Operating Expense 33,399 33,399 33,399 33,399 33,399 Royalty 698 698 698 698 698 SG A 13,944 13,944 13,944 13,944 13,944 Final Reclamation Escrow 221 221 221 221 221 Total Cash Cost of Goods Sold 48,262 48,262 48,262 48,262 48,262 Table 11.7: Annual Cash Cost Projections 

11-6 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY BOYD notes that the Oakdale property is owned in fee, and the royalty expense is not paid to a former landowner/mineral owner. The royalty is on only the sales of 20/70-mesh sized products. Smart Sand provided BOYD with the current estimated final reclamation cost 19.7 million) of the Oakdale operation/site. BOYD calculated a rate of approximately 0.08 per ton sold to recognize the current estimated cost over the life of the operation. Table 11.8 below, presents the above table s cost projections on a cost per ton sold basis for the years 2022 through 2026. Summary Cash Cost of Goods Sold per ton sold) Year 2022 Year 2023 Year 2024 Year 2025 Year 2026 Cash Operating Expense: Wages and benefits 3.86 3.86 3.86 3.86 3.86 Excavation 2.06 2.06 2.06 2.06 2.06 Utilities 2.85 2.85 2.85 2.85 2.85 Equipment 1.18 1.18 1.18 1.18 1.18 Maintenance 1.12 1.12 1.12 1.12 1.12 Other costs 0.86 0.86 0.86 0.86 0.86 Subtotal Cash Operating Expense 11.93 11.93 11.93 11.93 11.93 Royalty 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 SG A 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 Final Reclamation Escrow 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 Total Cash Cost of Goods Sold 17.24 17.24 17.24 17.24 17.24 Table 11.8: Annual Dollars per Ton Sold Cash Cost Projections 11.4.3 Projected Capital Expenditures Smart Sand provided BOYD with the annual sustaining CapEx estimate of 4 million, which includes maintenance of production equipment as well as other items, for the operation. q:\eng_wp\3555.021 - ss s-k 1300\3555.021a\ch-11 - capital and operating costs - oakdale.docx 

12-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 12.0 ECONOMIC ANALYSIS 12.1 Introduction Cash flow projections for the Oakdale operation have been generated from the proposed LOM production schedules, revenues, cost of goods sold (COGS), and CapEx estimates discussed in Chapter 11. A summary of the key assumptions used is provided below. LOM ROM frac sand tons and product tons sold were based on the total frac sand reserve estimate discussed in Chapter 6 of this report. BOYD estimates that the Oakdale operation reserves would be depleted in Year 2111. Forecasted revenues at the on-site loadout (mine gate) is based on sales of 30/50, 40/70 and 70/140-mesh size products to be delivered to its customer base in the various energy basins. Operating and Other Costs (as discussed in Chapter 11) include: Employee wages and benefits. Excavation. Utilities. Equipment. Maintenance. Other Operating Expenses. Royalty. Selling, General and Administrative. Reclamation costs include: Final reclamation cost to reclaim the Oakdale operation/site. Capital Expenditures (as discussed in Chapter 11) include: Sustaining/Maintenance. Taxes are based on: Federal Business Income Tax Rate of 21 . Wisconsin State Income Tax Rate of 7.9 . Adjustments used to determine After-Tax cash flows: Current depreciation expense was provided by Smart Sand for the Oakdale operation. Depreciation expense for new fixed assets (from sustaining/maintenance CapEx) are based on a straight-line depreciation calculation using a 10-year asset life. Operating losses, if any, are carried forward in the tax computation. 

12-2 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 12.2 Economic Analysis BOYD prepared an economic analysis, as of January 1, 2022, for the Oakdale Operation using the production, sales, and financial projections presented in this report. Our analysis confirms that the operation generates positive cash flows (based on a 12 discount rate), on a pre-tax and after-tax basis, that supports the statement of frac sand reserves herein. 12.2.1 Cash Flow Analysis Table 12.1 below presents the pre-tax and after-tax cash flow projections based on the proposed LOM production schedule, revenue, cost of goods sold, CapEx and other estimates discussed above for the Oakdale operation. Summary Cash Flow Statement 000) 2022 2032 2042 2052 2062 2072 2082 2092 2102 to 2031 to 2041 to 2051 to 2061 to 2071 to 2081 to 2091 to 2101 to 2111 Total Total Tons Sold (000) 28,000 28,000 28,000 28,000 28,000 28,000 28,000 28,000 25,955 140,000 Revenues 560,000 560,000 560,000 560,000 560,000 560,000 560,000 560,000 519,100 2,800,000 COGS 482,617 484,017 485,417 486,817 488,217 489,617 491,017 492,417 461,556 2,427,083 CapEx 40,000 40,000 40,000 40,000 40,000 40,000 40,000 40,000 34,000 200,000 Net Pre-Tax Cash Flow 37,383 35,983 34,583 33,183 31,783 30,383 28,983 27,583 23,544 172,917 Federal and State Income Taxes - - - 7,352 9,185 8,781 8,376 7,972 6,868 16,537 After-Tax Net Cash Flow 37,383 35,983 34,583 25,832 22,598 21,603 20,607 19,612 16,675 156,380 Table 12.1: Summary Cash Flow Statement DCF-NPV on a pre-tax and after-tax basis, using discount rates of 10 , 12 , and 15 , were calculated utilizing the cash flows above. The DCF-NPV values used mid-year discounting and all cash flows were on a constant dollar basis. The pre-tax DCF-NPV ranges from approximately 26.4 million to 38.3 million. The after-tax DCF-NPV ranges from approximately 26.3 million to 37.8 million. Table 12.2 summarizes the results of the pre-tax and after-tax DCF-NPV analyses: DCF-NPV 000) 10 12 15 Pre-Tax 38,282 32,382 26,397 After-Tax 37,836 32,171 26,324 Table 12.2: DCF-NPV Refer to Table 12.3 on the next page for the detailed LOM cash flow analysis and corresponding pre-tax and after-tax DCF-NPV analyses at a 12 discount rate. 

TABLE 12.3 PRE-TAX AND AFTER-TAX CASH FLOW ANALYSIS SMART SAND - OAKDALE OPERATION Monroe County, Wisconsin Prepared For SMART SAND, INC By John T. Boyd Company Mining and Geological Consultants February 2024 2032 2042 2052 2062 2072 2082 2092 2102 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 to 2041 to 2051 to 2061 to 2071 to 2081 to 2091 to 2101 to 2111 Total Production Statistics (Tons 000): ROM Production off Fee Property 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 34,470 34,470 34,470 34,470 34,470 34,470 34,470 31,952 307,712 Processing Statistics (Tons 000): Wet Plant Feed 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 3,447 34,470 34,470 34,470 34,470 34,470 34,470 34,470 31,952 307,712 Processing Recovery ) 85.5 85.5 85.5 85.5 85.5 85.5 85.5 85.5 85.5 85.5 85.5 85.5 85.5 85.5 85.5 85.5 85.5 85.5 85.5 Wet Plant Product 2,947 2,947 2,947 2,947 2,947 2,947 2,947 2,947 2,947 2,947 29,474 29,474 29,474 29,474 29,474 29,474 29,474 27,321 263,110 Dry Plant Feed 2,947 2,947 2,947 2,947 2,947 2,947 2,947 2,947 2,947 2,947 29,474 29,474 29,474 29,474 29,474 29,474 29,474 27,321 263,110 Processing Recovery ) 95.0 95.0 95.0 95.0 95.0 95.0 95.0 95.0 95.0 95.0 95.0 95.0 95.0 95.0 95.0 95.0 95.0 95.0 95.0 Dry Plant Product 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 28,000 28,000 28,000 28,000 28,000 28,000 28,000 25,955 249,955 Overall Processing Recovery ) 81.2 81.2 81.2 81.2 81.2 81.2 81.2 81.2 81.2 81.2 81.2 81.2 81.2 81.2 81.2 81.2 81.2 81.2 81.2 Sales and Financial Data: Saleable Product Tons Sold (000): 30/50-Mesh 898 898 898 898 898 898 898 898 898 898 8,980 8,980 8,980 8,980 8,980 8,980 8,980 8,321 80,161 50/140-Mesh 1,902 1,902 1,902 1,902 1,902 1,902 1,902 1,902 1,902 1,902 19,020 19,020 19,020 19,020 19,020 19,020 19,020 17,634 169,794 Total Tons Sold 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 2,800 28,000 28,000 28,000 28,000 28,000 28,000 28,000 25,955 249,955 Product Pricing per ton) 30/50-Mesh 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 50/140-Mesh 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 Weighted Average 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 Revenues 000) 30/50-Mesh 17,960 17,960 17,960 17,960 17,960 17,960 17,960 17,960 17,960 17,960 179,600 179,600 179,600 179,600 179,600 179,600 179,600 166,420 1,603,220 50/140-Mesh 38,040 38,040 38,040 38,040 38,040 38,040 38,040 38,040 38,040 38,040 380,400 380,400 380,400 380,400 380,400 380,400 380,400 352,680 3,395,880 Total Sales Revenues 56,000 56,000 56,000 56,000 56,000 56,000 56,000 56,000 56,000 56,000 560,000 560,000 560,000 560,000 560,000 560,000 560,000 519,100 4,999,100 COGS 000): Cash Operating Expense: Wages and benefits 10,800 10,800 10,800 10,800 10,800 10,800 10,800 10,800 10,800 10,800 108,000 108,000 108,000 108,000 108,000 108,000 108,000 102,600 966,600 Excavation 5,771 5,771 5,771 5,771 5,771 5,771 5,771 5,771 5,771 5,771 57,708 57,708 57,708 57,708 57,708 57,708 57,708 53,493 515,157 Utilities 7,974 7,974 7,974 7,974 7,974 7,974 7,974 7,974 7,974 7,974 79,744 79,744 79,744 79,744 79,744 79,744 79,744 73,920 711,872 Equipment 3,307 3,307 3,307 3,307 3,307 3,307 3,307 3,307 3,307 3,307 33,070 33,070 33,070 33,070 33,070 33,070 33,070 31,417 295,977 Maintenance 3,147 3,147 3,147 3,147 3,147 3,147 3,147 3,147 3,147 3,147 31,472 31,472 31,472 31,472 31,472 31,472 31,472 29,173 280,949 Other costs 2,400 2,400 2,400 2,400 2,400 2,400 2,400 2,400 2,400 2,400 25,400 26,800 28,200 29,600 31,000 32,400 33,800 33,182 264,382 Total Cash Operating Expense 33,399 33,399 33,399 33,399 33,399 33,399 33,399 33,399 33,399 33,399 335,394 336,794 338,194 339,594 340,994 342,394 343,794 323,785 3,034,937 per ROM ton 9.69 9.69 9.69 9.69 9.69 9.69 9.69 9.69 9.69 9.69 9.73 9.77 9.81 9.85 9.89 9.93 9.97 10.13 9.86 per ton sold 11.93 11.93 11.93 11.93 11.93 11.93 11.93 11.93 11.93 11.93 11.98 12.03 12.08 12.13 12.18 12.23 12.28 12.47 12.14 Royalty 698 698 698 698 698 698 698 698 698 698 6,976 6,976 6,976 6,976 6,976 6,976 6,976 6,467 62,276 per ton sold 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.25 S,G A 13,944 13,944 13,944 13,944 13,944 13,944 13,944 13,944 13,944 13,944 139,440 139,440 139,440 139,440 139,440 139,440 139,440 129,256 1,244,776 per ton sold 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 4.98 Final Reclamation Escrow 221 221 221 221 221 221 221 221 221 221 2,206 2,206 2,206 2,206 2,206 2,206 2,206 2,049 19,700 per ton sold 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 Total COGS 48,262 48,262 48,262 48,262 48,262 48,262 48,262 48,262 48,262 48,262 484,017 485,417 486,817 488,217 489,617 491,017 492,417 461,556 4,361,689 per ton sold 17.24 17.24 17.24 17.24 17.24 17.24 17.24 17.24 17.24 17.24 17.29 17.34 17.39 17.44 17.49 17.54 17.59 17.78 17.45 EBITDA 7,738 7,738 7,738 7,738 7,738 7,738 7,738 7,738 7,738 7,738 75,983 74,583 73,183 71,783 70,383 68,983 67,583 57,544 637,411 per ton sold 2.76 2.76 2.76 2.76 2.76 2.76 2.76 2.76 2.76 2.76 2.71 2.66 2.61 2.56 2.51 2.46 2.41 2.22 2.55 CapEx 000): Total CapEx 4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000 40,000 40,000 40,000 40,000 40,000 40,000 40,000 34,000 354,000 Net Pre-Tax Cash Flow 3,738 3,738 3,738 3,738 3,738 3,738 3,738 3,738 3,738 3,738 35,983 34,583 33,183 31,783 30,383 28,983 27,583 23,544 283,411 Federal and State Income Taxes - - - - - - - - - - - - 7,352 9,185 8,781 8,376 7,972 6,868 48,534 After-Tax Net Cash Flow 3,738 3,738 3,738 3,738 3,738 3,738 3,738 3,738 3,738 3,738 35,983 34,583 25,832 22,598 21,603 20,607 19,612 16,675 234,877 DCF-NPV Analysis: Pre-Tax Discounted Cash Flows at 12 3,532 3,154 2,816 2,514 2,245 2,004 1,790 1,598 1,427 1,274 6,928 2,144 662 204 63 19 6 2 32,382 Cumulative Pre-Tax Discounted Cash Flows at 12 3,532 6,686 9,502 12,017 14,262 16,266 18,056 19,653 21,080 22,354 29,282 31,426 32,088 32,292 32,355 32,374 32,380 32,382 After-Tax Dis\counted Cash Flows at 12 3,532 3,154 2,816 2,514 2,245 2,004 1,790 1,598 1,427 1,274 6,928 2,144 536 145 45 14 4 1 32,171 Cumulative After-Tax Discounted Cash Flows at 12 3,532 6,686 9,502 12,017 14,262 16,266 18,056 19,653 21,080 22,354 29,282 31,426 31,962 32,107 32,152 32,165 32,170 32,171 JO H N T. B O Y D C O M PA N Y 12-3 

12-4 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY BOYD notes that the NPV estimate was made for purposes of confirming the economic viability of the reported frac sand reserves and not for purposes of valuing Smart Sand, the Oakdale operation, or its assets. IRR and project payback were not calculated, as there was no initial investment considered in the financial model. Risk is subjective, as such, BOYD recommends that each reader should evaluate the project based on their own investment criteria. 12.2.2 Sensitivity Analyses Sensitivity analyses for the pre-tax and after-tax cash flows considering changes to revenues and COGS/CapEx were prepared using discount rates of 10 , 12 , and 15 . Revenues were adjusted in increments of 5 and range from minus 20 to plus 20 base revenues; the corresponding average sales price would range from 16.00 per ton sold to 24.00 per ton sold, with the base price of 20.00 per ton sold as noted in Table 12.4 below. Average Sales Price per ton sold -20.0 -15.0 -10.0 -5.0 0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 16.00 17.00 18.00 19.00 20.00 21.00 22.00 23.00 24.00 Table 12.4: Sensitivity Analysis Average Sales Prices Costs were adjusted in increments of 5 and range from minus 20 to plus 20 base costs. BOYD notes that the royalty expense in COGS was not adjusted (kept constant) in the sensitivity analysis. 12.2.2.1 Pre-Tax Sensitivity Analyses The following three tables (Tables 12.5 12.7) summarize the results of the pre-tax sensitivity analyses performed, which utilize discount rates of 10 , 12 , and 15 and incorporate the changes to revenue and COGS/CapEx discussed above: Table 12.5: Pre-Tax DCF-NPV at 10 Pre-Tax DCF-NPV @ 10 (US millions) -20.0 -15.0 -10.0 -5.0 0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 -20.0 29.0 58.4 87.8 117.1 146.5 175.8 205.2 234.6 263.9 -15.0 2.0 31.3 60.7 90.1 119.4 148.8 178.2 207.5 236.9 -10.0 (25.1) 4.3 33.7 63.0 92.4 121.7 151.1 180.5 209.8 -5.0 (52.1) (22.8) 6.6 36.0 65.3 94.7 124.1 153.4 182.8 0.0 (79.2) (49.8) (20.4) 8.9 38.3 67.6 97.0 126.4 155.7 5.0 (106.2) (76.9) (47.5) (18.1) 11.2 40.6 70.0 99.3 128.7 10.0 (133.3) (103.9) (74.5) (45.2) (15.8) 13.5 42.9 72.3 101.6 15.0 (160.3) (130.9) (101.6) (72.2) (42.9) (13.5) 15.9 45.2 74.6 20.0 (187.4) (158.0) (128.6) (99.3) (69.9) (40.6) (11.2) 18.2 47.5 Revenues CO GS a nd C ap Ex 

12-5 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Table 12.6: Pre-Tax DCF-NPV at 12 Pre-Tax DCF-NPV @ 12 (US millions) -20.0 -15.0 -10.0 -5.0 0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 -20.0 24.6 49.3 74.0 98.7 123.4 148.1 172.8 197.5 222.2 -15.0 1.9 26.6 51.3 76.0 100.6 125.3 150.0 174.7 199.4 -10.0 (20.9) 3.8 28.5 53.2 77.9 102.6 127.3 152.0 176.7 -5.0 (43.6) (18.9) 5.8 30.4 55.1 79.8 104.5 129.2 153.9 0.0 (66.4) (41.7) (17.0) 7.7 32.4 57.1 81.8 106.5 131.2 5.0 (89.1) (64.5) (39.8) (15.1) 9.6 34.3 59.0 83.7 108.4 10.0 (111.9) (87.2) (62.5) (37.8) (13.1) 11.6 36.3 61.0 85.6 15.0 (134.7) (110.0) (85.3) (60.6) (35.9) (11.2) 13.5 38.2 62.9 20.0 (157.4) (132.7) (108.0) (83.3) (58.6) (33.9) (9.2) 15.4 40.1 Revenues CO G S an d Ca pE x Table 12.7: Pre-Tax DCF-NPV at 15 Pre-Tax DCF-NPV @ 15 (US millions) -20.0 -15.0 -10.0 -5.0 0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 -20.0 20.1 40.1 60.1 80.2 100.2 120.2 140.2 160.2 180.2 -15.0 1.7 21.7 41.7 61.7 81.7 101.8 121.8 141.8 161.8 -10.0 (16.8) 3.2 23.3 43.3 63.3 83.3 103.3 123.3 143.4 -5.0 (35.2) (15.2) 4.8 24.8 44.8 64.9 84.9 104.9 124.9 0.0 (53.7) (33.7) (13.6) 6.4 26.4 46.4 66.4 86.5 106.5 5.0 (72.1) (52.1) (32.1) (12.1) 8.0 28.0 48.0 68.0 88.0 10.0 (90.6) (70.5) (50.5) (30.5) (10.5) 9.5 29.5 49.6 69.6 15.0 (109.0) (89.0) (69.0) (49.0) (28.9) (8.9) 11.1 31.1 51.1 20.0 (127.5) (107.4) (87.4) (67.4) (47.4) (27.4) (7.3) 12.7 32.7 Revenues CO G S an d Ca pE x 12.2.2.2 After-Tax Sensitivity Analyses The following three tables (Tables 12.8 12.10) summarize the results of the after-tax sensitivity analyses performed, which utilize discount rates of 10 , 12 , and 15 and incorporate the changes to revenues and COGS/CapEx discussed above: Table 12.8: After-Tax DCF-NPV at 10 After-Tax DCF-NPV @ 10 (US millions) -20.0 -15.0 -10.0 -5.0 0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 -20.0 29.0 56.4 81.4 104.9 126.5 147.4 168.2 189.1 210.0 -15.0 2.0 31.2 58.4 83.3 106.6 128.0 148.8 169.7 190.6 -10.0 (25.1) 4.3 33.5 60.4 85.1 108.2 129.4 150.3 171.2 -5.0 (52.1) (22.8) 6.6 35.7 62.4 86.9 109.8 130.9 151.8 0.0 (79.2) (49.8) (20.4) 8.9 37.9 64.3 88.7 111.4 132.4 5.0 (106.2) (76.9) (47.5) (18.1) 11.2 40.0 66.3 90.5 112.9 10.0 (133.3) (103.9) (74.5) (45.2) (15.8) 13.5 42.2 68.2 92.3 15.0 (160.3) (130.9) (101.6) (72.2) (42.9) (13.5) 15.9 44.3 70.1 20.0 (187.4) (158.0) (128.6) (99.3) (69.9) (40.6) (11.2) 18.2 46.4 Revenues CO G S an d Ca pE x 

12-6 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Table 12.9: After-Tax DCF-NPV at 12 After-Tax DCF-NPV @ 12 (US millions) -20.0 -15.0 -10.0 -5.0 0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 -20.0 24.6 48.2 69.9 90.2 108.5 126.1 143.6 161.2 178.7 -15.0 1.9 26.5 49.9 71.5 91.6 109.7 127.3 144.8 162.4 -10.0 (20.9) 3.8 28.4 51.6 73.1 93.0 110.9 128.5 146.0 -5.0 (43.6) (18.9) 5.8 30.3 53.3 74.6 94.3 112.1 129.7 0.0 (66.4) (41.7) (17.0) 7.7 32.2 55.0 76.2 95.6 113.3 5.0 (89.1) (64.5) (39.8) (15.1) 9.6 34.0 56.7 77.8 96.9 10.0 (111.9) (87.2) (62.5) (37.8) (13.1) 11.6 35.9 58.4 79.3 15.0 (134.7) (110.0) (85.3) (60.6) (35.9) (11.2) 13.5 37.7 60.1 20.0 (157.4) (132.7) (108.0) (83.3) (58.6) (33.9) (9.2) 15.4 39.5 Revenues CO G S an d Ca pE x Table 12.10: After-Tax DCF-NPV at 15 After-Tax DCF-NPV @ 15 (US millions) -20.0 -15.0 -10.0 -5.0 0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 -20.0 20.1 39.6 57.8 74.9 90.0 104.2 118.4 132.7 146.9 -15.0 1.7 21.7 41.1 59.2 76.1 90.9 105.2 119.4 133.6 -10.0 (16.8) 3.2 23.2 42.5 60.5 77.2 91.9 106.1 120.4 -5.0 (35.2) (15.2) 4.8 24.8 44.0 61.9 78.3 92.9 107.1 0.0 (53.7) (33.7) (13.6) 6.4 26.3 45.4 63.2 79.4 93.8 5.0 (72.1) (52.1) (32.1) (12.1) 8.0 27.9 46.8 64.5 80.4 10.0 (90.6) (70.5) (50.5) (30.5) (10.5) 9.5 29.4 48.2 65.8 15.0 (109.0) (89.0) (69.0) (49.0) (28.9) (8.9) 11.1 30.9 49.6 20.0 (127.5) (107.4) (87.4) (67.4) (47.4) (27.4) (7.3) 12.7 32.4 Revenues CO G S an d Ca pE x Q:\ENG_WP\3555.021 - SS S-K 1300\3555.021A\CH-12 - Economic Analysis - Oakdale.docx 

13-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 13.0 PERMITTING AND COMPLIANCE 13.1 Permitting The Oakdale Mine s operations are predominantly regulated by a Monroe County, Wisconsin non-metallic reclamation permit which contains detailed reclamation plans for the property. Mine operators must submit annual reports to Monroe County containing information on the reclamation status of their mines and pay annual fees based on the disturbed acres. They must also provide written certification that the reclamation plan is being followed. A significant portion of the Probable Reserves underlie current wetland areas. These areas will be mitigated as designated wetlands prior to mining. These reserves are not in the current five-year plan. Air emissions are regulated by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources, Bureau of Air Management. Smart Sand monitors air emissions and has current permits. The operation also has developed an Environmental Management System and Quality Management System. They have successfully completed an outside surveillance audit of their Environmental Management System to the ISO 14001: 2015 standard on June 21, 2019. 13.2 Compliance Mine safety is regulated by the federal government by MSHA as are all surface mining operations. MSHA inspects the facilities a minimum of twice yearly. Smart Sand s safety record compares favorably with its regional peers. Based on our review of information provided by Smart Sand and available public information, it is BOYD s opinion that the Oakdale Mine s record of compliance with applicable mining, water quality, and environmental regulations is generally superior for that of the industry. BOYD is not aware of any regulatory violation or compliance issue which would materially impact the frac sand reserve estimate. q:\eng_wp\3555.021 - ss s-k 1300\3555.021a\ch-13 - permitting and compliance 12.docx 

14-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 14.0 INTERPRETATION AND CONCLUSIONS 14.1 Findings Based on our independent technical review and geoscientific study of the Oakdale Mine, BOYD concludes: Sufficient data have been obtained through the site exploration and sampling program and mining operations to support the geological interpretations of seam thickness, grain size distribution and API quality for the portions of the sand underlying the controlled property. The data are of sufficient quantity and reliability to reasonably support the sand resource and sand reserve estimates in this technical report summary. Estimates of proppant sand reserves reported herein are reasonably and appropriately supported by technical studies, which consider mining plans, revenue, and operating and capital cost estimates. The 249.9 million product tons of frac sand reserves (as of December 31, 2021) identified on the property are economically extractable under reasonable expectations of market volumes and pricing for proppant sand products, estimated operation costs, and capital expenditures. There is no other relevant data or information material to the Oakdale Mine that is necessary to make this technical report summary not misleading. 14.2 Significant Risks and Uncertainties As with any mining project there are certain inherent risks associated with the overall operation of a facility. Smart Sand has sufficiently mitigated operational risk through obtaining sufficient geologic sampling information and analysis. Additionally, Smart Sand has engineered the processing plant to include parallel duplicate process circuits which significantly increases plant availability. However, it should be noted that frac sand is generally marketed exclusively to the energy industry which has historically been a volatile industry. q:\eng_wp\3555.021 - ss s-k 1300\3555.021a\ch-14 - conclusions.docx 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-10.25>
 4
 trs_uticamine.htm
 EX-10.25

trs_uticamine 

TECHNICAL REPORT SUMMARY FRAC SAND RESOURCES AND RESERVES UTICA MINE LaSalle County, Illinois Prepared For SMART SAND, INC. Spring, Texas By John T. Boyd Company Mining and Geological Consultants Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Report No. 3555.022A FEBRUARY 2024 

John T. Boyd Company Mining and Geological Consultants February 28, 2024 File: 3555.022A Mr. Christopher Green, CPA Controller Smart Sand, Incorporated 1000 Floral Vale Boulevard, Suite 225 Yardley, PA 19067 Subject: Technical Report Summary Frac Sand Resources and Reserves Utica Mine LaSalle County, Illinois Dear Mr. Beckelman: This SK-1300-compliant technical report summary provides the results of John T. Boyd Company s (BOYD) independent audit of the frac (proppant) sand resources and reserves for Smart Sand, Inc. s (Smart Sand) Utica Mine as of December 31, 2021. We wish to acknowledge the cooperation of Smart Sand management and staff for providing the technical, financial, and legal information used in completing this project. Our findings are based on BOYD s extensive experience in preparing frac sand resource and reserve estimates used in US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings, and our knowledge of frac sand mining in Wisconsin, Illinois, and throughout North America. Respectfully submitted, JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY By: John T. Boyd II President and CEO Q:\ENG_WP\3555.022 SS - YE 2022 S-K 1300\3555.022A - Utica\Cover Letter.docx Chairman James W. Boyd President and CEO John T. Boyd II Managing Director and COO Ronald L. Lewis Vice Presidents Robert J. Farmer Matthew E. Robb John L. Weiss Michael F. Wick William P. Wolf Managing Director - Australia George Cumplido Managing Director - China Jisheng (Jason) Han Managing Director South America Carlos F. Barrera Managing Director Metals Gregory B. Sparks Pittsburgh 4000 Town Center Boulevard, Suite 300 Canonsburg, PA 15317 (724) 873-4400 (724) 873-4401 Fax jtboydp@jtboyd.com Denver (303) 293-8988 jtboydd@jtboyd.com Brisbane 61 7 3232-5000 jtboydau@jtboyd.com Beijing 86 10 6500-5854 jtboydcn@jtboyd.com Bogota +57-3115382113 jtboydcol@jtboyd.com www.jtboyd.com 

JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY TABLE OF CONTENTS Page LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TABLE OF CONTENTS GLOSSARY AND ABBREVIATIONS 1.0 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY ............................................................................. 1-1 1.1 Introduction ....................................................................................... 1-1 1.2 Property Description ......................................................................... 1-1 1.3 Geology ............................................................................................. 1-2 1.4 Exploration ........................................................................................ 1-2 1.5 Frac Sand Reserves and Quality ...................................................... 1-3 1.6 Operations ......................................................................................... 1-4 1.6.1 Mining .................................................................................... 1-4 1.6.2 Processing ............................................................................ 1-5 1.6.3 Infrastructure ......................................................................... 1-6 1.7 Financial Analysis ............................................................................. 1-6 1.7.1 Market Analysis ..................................................................... 1-6 1.7.2 Historic Capital Expenditures, Operating Costs, and Pricing .................................................................................. 1-11 1.7.3 Projected Sales Revenue, Production Costs, and CAPEX 1-12 1.7.4 Economic Analysis ............................................................... 1-12 1.8 Regulation and Liabilities ................................................................ 1-13 1.9 Conclusions ..................................................................................... 1-14 2.0 INTRODUCTION .......................................................................................... 2-1 2.1 Registrant and Purpose .................................................................... 2-1 2.2 Terms of Reference .......................................................................... 2-1 2.3 Expert Qualifications ......................................................................... 2-2 2.4 Principal Sources of Information ....................................................... 2-3 2.4.1 Site Visits .............................................................................. 2-3 2.4.2 Reliance on Information Provided by the Registrant ............ 2-4 2.5 Effective Date .................................................................................... 2-4 2.6 Units of Measure ............................................................................... 2-4 3.0 PROPERTY OVERVIEW ............................................................................. 3-1 3.1 Description and Location .................................................................. 3-1 3.2 History ............................................................................................... 3-1 3.3 Property Control ................................................................................ 3-1 3.3.1 Mineral Ownership ................................................................ 3-3 3.3.2 Surface Ownership ............................................................... 3-3 

TABLE OF CONTENTS - Continued Page JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 3.4 Adjacent Properties ........................................................................... 3-3 3.5 Regulation and Liabilities .................................................................. 3-3 3.6 Accessibility, Local Resources, and Infrastructure .......................... 3-3 3.7 Physiography .................................................................................... 3-4 3.8 Climate .............................................................................................. 3-5 4.0 GEOLOGY .................................................................................................... 4-1 4.1 Regional Geology ............................................................................. 4-1 4.2 Local Stratigraphy ............................................................................. 4-1 4.3 Frac Sand Geology ........................................................................... 4-3 5.0 EXPLORATION DATA ................................................................................. 5-1 5.1 Background ....................................................................................... 5-1 5.2 Exploration Procedures .................................................................... 5-1 5.2.1 Drilling and Sampling ............................................................ 5-1 5.2.2 Frac Sand Quality Testing .................................................... 5-2 5.2.3 Other Exploration Methods ................................................... 5-2 5.3 Laboratory Testing Results ............................................................... 5-2 5.3.1 Grain Size Distribution ........................................................... 5-3 5.3.2 Grain Shape (Sphericity and Roundness) ............................. 5-3 5.3.3 Crush Resistance ................................................................... 5-3 5.3.4 Acid Solubility ......................................................................... 5-3 5.3.5 Turbidity ................................................................................ 5-4 5.3.6 Quality Summary ................................................................... 5-4 5.4 Data Verification ................................................................................ 5-5 6.0 FRAC SAND RESOURCES AND RESERVES ....................................... 6-1 6.1 Applicable Standards and Definitions ............................................... 6-1 6.2 Frac Sand Resources ....................................................................... 6-2 6.2.1 Methodology .......................................................................... 6-2 6.2.2 Classification ......................................................................... 6-4 6.2.3 Frac Sand Resource Estimate .............................................. 6-4 6.2.4 Validation .............................................................................. 6-5 6.3 Frac Sand Reserves ......................................................................... 6-5 6.3.1 Methodology .......................................................................... 6-5 6.3.2 Classification ......................................................................... 6-6 6.3.3 Frac Sand Reserve Estimate ................................................ 6-6 

TABLE OF CONTENTS - Continued Page JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 7.0 MINING OPERATIONS .............................................................................. 7-1 7.1 Mining Method .................................................................................. 7-1 7.2 Mine Schedule, Equipment, and Staffing ......................................... 7-2 7.3 Mine Production ................................................................................ 7-3 7.3.1 Historical Mine Production .................................................... 7-3 7.3.2 Forecasted Production .......................................................... 7-3 7.3.3 Expected Mine Life ............................................................... 7-4 7.3.4 Mining Risk ............................................................................. 7-4 8.0 PROCESSING OPERATIONS ................................................................... 8-1 8.1 Overview ........................................................................................... 8-1 8.1.1 Wet Plant .................................................................................. 8-1 8.1.2 Decant/Dry Plant ....................................................................... 8-2 8.2 Conclusion ......................................................................................... 8-2 9.0 MINE INFRASTRUCTURE .......................................................................... 9-1 10.0 MARKET ANALYSIS ................................................................................ 10-1 10.1 Permian Basin .................................................................................. 10-2 10.2 Appalachian Basin (Marcellus/Utica Play) and Niobrara Basin ...... 10-4 11.0 CAPITAL, REVENUES, AND OPERATING COSTS .............................. 11-1 11.1 Introduction ..................................................................................... 11-1 11.2 Historical Capital Expenditures ....................................................... 11-1 11.3 Historical Revenues and Operating Costs ..................................... 11-1 11.3.1 Historical Sales ..................................................................... 11-1 11.4 Projected Production, Sales, and Costs .......................................... 11-3 11.4.1 Production and Sales Projections ........................................ 11-3 11.4.2 Operating Cost Projections .................................................. 11-4 11.4.3 Projected Capital Expenditures ............................................ 11-5 12.0 ECONOMIC ANALYSIS ........................................................................... 12-1 12.1 Introduction ..................................................................................... 12-1 12.2 Economic Analysis .......................................................................... 12-2 12.2.1 Cash Flow Analysis .............................................................. 12-2 12.2.2 Sensitivity Analyses .............................................................. 12-3 13.0 PERMITTING AND COMPLIANCE ......................................................... 13-1 13.1 Permitting ........................................................................................ 13-1 13.2 Compliance ..................................................................................... 13-1 14.0 INTERPRETATION AND CONCLUSIONS ............................................. 14-1 14.1 Findings ........................................................................................... 14-1 14.2 Significant Risks and Uncertainties ................................................ 14-1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS - Continued Page JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY List of Tables 1.1 Reserves as of December 31, 2021 .............................................................. 1-3 1.2 Utica Year 2018 ISO/API Test Results for the Four Sized Samples ............ 1-4 1.3 Historic ROM Production ............................................................................... 1-5 1.4 Forecasted ROM Production Tons ................................................................ 1-5 1.5 Historical Capital Expenditures .................................................................... 1-11 1.6 Historical Sales Statistics ............................................................................. 1-11 1.7 Historical Cost of Production ....................................................................... 1-11 1.8 Utica Sales Projections ................................................................................ 1-12 1.9 Annual Dollars per Ton Sold Cash Cost Projections .................................. 1-12 1.10 Summary Cash Flow Statement .................................................................. 1-13 1.11 DCF-NPV ..................................................................................................... 1-13 3.1 Climate Data for Utica Mine LaSalle County, Wisconsin .......................... 3-5 5.1 Average Particle Size Distribution ................................................................ 5-3 5.2 Utica Year 2011 API/ISO Test Results by Product Size .............................. 5-4 5.3 Utica Year 2018 API/ISO Test Results for the Four Sized Samples ............ 5-4 6.1 Utica Property Drill Hole Spacing Parameters ............................................. 6-4 6.2 Mineable and Reserve Tons as of December 31, 2021 ............................... 6-6 6.3 Reserves as of December 31, 2021 .............................................................. 6-6 7.1 Historic ROM Production .............................................................................. 7-3 7.2 Forecasted ROM Production Tons ............................................................... 7-3 11.1 Historical Capital Expenditures ................................................................... 11-1 11.2 Historical Sales Statistics ............................................................................. 11-1 11.3 Historical Cost of Production ....................................................................... 11-2 11.4 Utica Production Projections ....................................................................... 11-3 11.5 Utica Sales Projections ................................................................................ 11-3 11.6 Annual Cash Cost Projections ..................................................................... 11-4 11.7 Annual Dollars Per Ton Sold Cash Cost Projections .................................. 11-5 12.1 Summary Cash Flow Statement ................................................................. 12-2 12.2 DCF-NPV .................................................................................................... 12-3 12.3 Pre-Tax and After-Tax Cash Flow Analysis ................................................ 12-4 12.4 Sensitivity Analysis Average Sales Prices ............................................... 12-3 12.5 Pre-Tax DCF-NPV at 10 .......................................................................... 12-5 12.6 Pre-Tax DCF-NPV at 12 .......................................................................... 12-5 12.7 Pre-Tax DCF-NPV at 15 .......................................................................... 12-5 12.8 After-Tax DCF-NPV at 10 ......................................................................... 12-6 12.9 After-Tax DCF-NPV at 12 ......................................................................... 12-6 12.10 After-Tax DCF-NPV at 15 ......................................................................... 12-6 

TABLE OF CONTENTS - Continued Page JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY List of Figures 1.1 Permian Basin HZ Permit Submissions vs. Rigs .......................................... 1-7 1.2 Permian Oil Production and Natural Gas Production .................................... 1-7 1.3 Permian Drilled but Uncompleted Wells ........................................................ 1-8 1.4 Appalachian Rig Count and Production per Rig .......................................... 1-9 1.5 Appalachian Gas Production ......................................................................... 1-9 1.6 Niobrara Oil and Gas Rig Count and Productivity ....................................... 1-10 1.7 Niobrara Oil and Gas Production................................................................. 1-10 3.1 General Location Map ................................................................................... 3-2 4.1 Bedrock Stratigraphic Units in Wisconsin ..................................................... 4-2 4.2 Cross Section A-A Utica Property ................................................................ 4-4 6.1 Relationship Between Frac Sand Resources and Frac Sand Reserves ..... 6-2 6.2 Topographic Map Showing Proven and Probable Reserves ........................ 6-7 7.1 Utica Quarry Pit Looking North ..................................................................... 7-2 7.2 Utica Proposed Mine Plan ............................................................................ 7-4 8.1 Utica Wet Processing Plant ........................................................................... 8-1 8.2 Decant Shed and Dry Processing Plant ........................................................ 8-2 10.1 WTI Crude Oil CME Futures Price .............................................................. 10-1 10.2 Permian Basin HZ Permit Submissions vs. Rigs ........................................ 10-2 10.3 Permian Oil Production and Natural Gas Production ................................. 10-3 10.4 Permian Drilled but Uncompleted Wells ...................................................... 10-3 10.5 Appalachian Rig Count and Production per Rig ......................................... 10-4 10.6 Appalachian Gas Production ....................................................................... 10-5 10.7 Niobrara Oil and Gas Rig Count and Productivity ....................................... 10-5 10.8 Niobrara Oil and Gas Production................................................................. 10-6 11.1 Product Size as a Percentage of Total Tons Sold ..................................... 11-2 Q:\ENG_WP\3555.022 SS - YE 2022 S-K 1300\3555.022A - Utica\TOC.doc 

1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS AND DEFINITIONS : US dollar(s) : Percent or percentage Smart Sand : Smart Sand, Inc. API : American Petroleum Institute BOYD : John T. Boyd Company CapEx : Capital expenditures COGS : Cost of goods sold Constant Dollar : A monetary measure that is not influenced by inflation and used to compare time periods. Sometimes referred to as real dollars . CY : Cubic yards DCF : Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate : A rate of return used to discount future cash flows based on the return investors expect to receive from their investment. DUC : Drilled but uncompleted gas or oil well. FOB : Free-on-Board Frac Sand : Frac sand is a naturally occurring, high silica content quartz sand, with grains that are generally well rounded and exhibit high compressive strength characteristics relative to other silica sand. It is utilized as a prop or proppant in unconventional shale frac well completions. Frac Sand Resource : Frac sand resource is a concentration or occurrence of sand material of economic interest in or on the Earth s crust in such form, grade or quality, and quantity that there are reasonable prospects for economic extraction. A mineral resource is a reasonable estimate of mineralization, taking into account relevant factors such as quality specifications, likely mining dimensions, location or continuity, that, with the assumed and justifiable technical and economic conditions, is likely to, in whole or in part, become economically extractable. It is not merely an inventory of all mineralization drilled or sampled. Frac Sand Reserve : Frac sand reserve is an estimate of tonnage and grade or quality of mineral resources that, in the opinion of the qualified person, can be the basis of an economically viable project. More specifically, it is the economically mineable part of a mineral 

2 GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS AND DEFINITIONS - Continued JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY resource, which includes diluting materials and allowances for losses that may occur when the material is mined or extracted. IDNR : Illinois Department of Natural Resources Indicated Sand Resource : An Indicated Sand Resource is that part of a Sand Resource for which quantity, grade or quality, densities, shape, and physical characteristics are estimated with sufficient confidence to allow the application of Modifying Factors in sufficient detail to support mine planning and evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit. Geological evidence is derived from adequately detailed and reliable exploration, sampling and testing, and is sufficient to assume geological and grade or quality continuity between points of observation. An Indicated Sand Resource has a lower level of confidence than that applying to a Measured Sand Resource and may only be converted to a Probable Sand Reserve. IRR : Internal rate-of-return ISO : International Organization for Standardization lb : Pound LOM : Life-of-Mine Measured Sand Resource : A Measured Sand Resource is that part of a Sand Resource for which quantity, grade or quality, densities, shape, and physical characteristics are estimated with confidence sufficient to allow the application of Modifying Factors to support detailed mine planning and final evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit. Geological evidence is derived from detailed and reliable exploration, sampling, and testing and is sufficient to confirm geological and grade or quality continuity between points of observation. A Measured Sand Resource has a higher level of confidence than that applying to either an Indicated Sand Resource or an Inferred Sand Resource. It may be converted to a Proven Sand Reserve or to a Probable Sand Reserve. Mesh : A measurement of particle size often used in determining the size distribution of granular material. Mineral Reserve : See Frac Sand Reserve Mineral Resource : See Frac Sand Resource Modifying Factors : The factors that a qualified person must apply to indicated and measured sand resources and then evaluate to establish the economic viability of sand reserves. A qualified person must apply and evaluate modifying factors to convert measured and indicated resources to proven and probable reserves. These factors include, 

3 GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS AND DEFINITIONS - Continued JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY but are not restricted to: mining; processing; metallurgical; infrastructure; economic; marketing; legal; environmental compliance; plans, negotiations, or agreements with local individuals or groups; and governmental factors. The number, type and specific characteristics of the modifying factors applied will necessarily be a function of and depend upon the mineral, mine, property, or project. MSHA : Mine Safety and Health Administration. A division of the U.S. Department of Labor. msl : Mean sea level NOAA : National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration NTU : Nephelometric turbidity units NPV : Net Present Value NWS : Northern White Sands Probable Sand Reserve : A Probable Sand Reserve is the economically mineable part of an Indicated and, in some circumstances, a Measured Sand Resource. The confidence in the Modifying Factors applying to a Probable Sand Reserve is lower than that applying to a Proven Sand Reserve. Proppant Sand : See Frac Sand Proven Sand Reserve : A Proven Mineral Reserve is the economically mineable part of a Measured Sand Resource. A Proven Sand Reserve implies a high degree of confidence in the Modifying Factors. PSI : Pounds per square inch ROM : Run-of-Mine. The as-mined including in-seam clay partings mined with the sand, and out-of-seam dilution. SEC : U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission S-K 1300 : Subpart 1300 and Item 601(b)(96) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation S-K SG A : Selling, General, and Administrative Surficial : Relating to the earth s surface or the geology that is on the surface. Ton : Short Ton. A unit of weight equal to 2,000 pounds 

4 GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS AND DEFINITIONS - Continued JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY tph : Tons per Hour WIP : Work-in-process WTI : West Texas Intermediate Q:\ENG_WP\3555.022 SS - YE 2022 S-K 1300\3555.022A - Utica\Glossary.docx 

1-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 1.0 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 1.1 Introduction BOYD was retained by Smart Sand to complete an independent technical audit of mineral resource and mineral reserve estimates hereafter referred to as frac sand resource and frac sand reserve estimates for their active mining operation located in Utica, Illinois (the Utica Mine ). This report summarizes the results of our audit and satisfies the requirements for Smart Sand s disclosure of frac sand resources and reserves set forth in Subpart 1300 and Item 601(b)(96) of the SEC s Regulation S-K (S-K 1300). This is the first technical report summary filed by Smart Sand for the Utica Mine. BOYD s findings are based on our detailed examination of the supporting geologic, technical, and economic information obtained from: (1) Smart Sand provided files, (2) discussions with Smart Sand personnel, (3) records on file with regulatory agencies, (4) public sources, and (5) nonconfidential BOYD files. Our investigation was performed to obtain reasonable assurance that Smart Sand s frac sand resource and reserve statements are free from material misstatement. This report provides results of an independent estimate of the frac sand resources and reserves underlying the Utica, Illinois property. The basis for these estimates is a volumetric geologic model estimating the reserves and resources compiled by BOYD in July 2020. Production information supplied by Smart Sand was utilized to adjust the reserve estimate to December 31, 2021. This chapter provides a summary of primary information contained within this technical report summary and is supported by remaining portions of this report including text, figures, and tables. Weights and measurements are expressed in US customary units. Unless noted, the effective date of the information, including estimates of frac sand reserves, is December 31, 2021. 1.2 Property Description Smart Sand s Utica Mine is a surface mining operation located in LaSalle County, Illinois. Frac sand is extracted from the St. Peter Formation which is extensively mined for frac sand in the area. Smart Sand controls approximately 819 contiguous acres of property which is owned fee simple. The general location of this property (the Utica Property is provided on Figure 3.1. 

1-2 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Smart Sand acquired the Utica operation from Eagle Materials Incorporated (Eagle Materials) in 2020. The mine exploits the St. Peter sandstone formation which generally lies approximately 40 ft to 60 ft below the land surface in the area. 1.3 Geology The Utica Property s target silica bearing formation is the St. Peter sandstone, which is a massive formation in areal extent and thickness. Aerially, it extends from Minnesota to Arkansas and from Illinois into Nebraska and South Dakota. On a regional basis, the St. Peter ranges in thickness from a few feet to over 700 ft, with a general thickness of 100 ft to 200 ft. In northern Illinois, the thickness can be over 300 ft thick. The surface of the Utica Property is overlain by overburden that ranges in thickness from 57 ft to 77 ft, with an average thickness of approximately 66 ft. The overburden material consists of clay, sandy gravel, peat, and limestone cap rock. Beneath the overburden material is the St. Peter sandstone formation. The St. Peter deposit on the Utica Property is flat lying with no evidence of faulting, and has been eroded to an average thickness of approximately 100 ft. The formation is a white to buff, with fine to medium grained ortho-quartzite. It contains rounded, clear polished sand quartz grains with minor secondary silica and clay cement. Care must be taken in defining the presence of erosion channels, which can replace the critical upper portion of the St. Peter sandstone formation locally. Grain size distribution drives the mine planning. Iron tends to be concentrated near the surface and is visible in orange staining. Iron also increases at the bottom sandstone contact, occurring mostly as pyrite. The deposit is coarser in its top half. Where the upper part of the formation is eroded, multiple mining faces must operate to ensure adequate sand is available to meet product specifications. 1.4 Exploration Based on information provided by Smart Sand to BOYD, we note that there were several exploration drilling programs performed on the Utica Property, the most recent of which was in 2017. Overall, there were 29 holes drilled on the property. However, BOYD utilized the results of only 14 exploration holes to develop the geologic model of the Utica deposit. The lithologic data obtained from the 14 holes, the results of the particle size distribution, and the results of the Stim-Lab analyses, were compiled into a database for input into 

1-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY the BOYD geologic model, which was the principal source of information used to define the extent of the deposit on the property, the overburden volumes, the sand and waste volumes and tonnages, the corresponding sand product distribution based on particle size, and quality of the St. Peter sand underlying the Utica Property. 1.5 Frac Sand Reserves and Quality This technical report summary provides an estimate of frac sand reserves for Smart Sand s Utica Mine in accordance with the requirements set forth in S-K 1300. These estimates were independently estimated by BOYD. This report, and previous reports, include a thorough geologic investigation of the property, appropriate modeling of the deposit, development of life-of-mine (LOM) plans, and consideration of the relevant processing, economic (including independent estimates of capital, revenue, and cost), marketing, legal, environmental, socio-economic, and regulatory factors. Smart Sand s estimated surface mineable frac sand reserves for the Utica Property total 129 million saleable product tons, as of December 31, 2021. Table 1.1 presents the estimated Reserve tons by product (size), that are anticipated to be produced at Smart Sand s Utica Property. Estimated Reserve Tons By Classification as of December 31, 2021 Tons (000) 20/40-Mesh 40/70-Mesh 70/100-Mesh Total Proven 28,443 55,384 12,637 96,464 Probable 8,781 18,984 4,582 32,347 Total 37,224 74,368 17,219 128,811 Table 1.1: Reserves as of December 31, 2021 The reported reserves include only frac sand which is reportedly owned as of December 31, 2021. It is BOYD s opinion that extraction of the reported frac sand reserves is technically achievable and economically viable after the consideration of potentially material modifying factors. Projecting the historic sales volume of approximately 0.8 million tons per year, the operation has an expected LOM of approximately 161 years. Composite samples collected during the drilling of the initial exploration holes were tested by Stim-Lab for API RP 19C/ISO 13503-2 proppant sand characteristics. Testing 

1-4 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY was performed on the 20/40, 30/50, 40/70, and 70/140-mesh (100-mesh) product sizes. The test results are presented in Table 1.2. NWS, LLC Year 2018 Sample - Average API/ISO Test Results By Product Size API RP19C API RP19C Result Result Recommended Result Result Recommended Test 20/40-mesh 30/50-mesh Specification 40/70-mesh 100-mesh Specification Sphericity 0.8 0.8 0.6 0.7 0.7 0.6 Roundness 0.7 0.7 0.6 0.6 0.6 0.6 Acid Solubility ) 0.3 0.3 2.0 0.3 No Test 3.0 Turbidity (NTU) 9 12 250 7 No Test 250 K-Value (000 psi) 6 7 - 8 No Test - Clusters None Observed None Observed NA None Observed None Observed NA Note: Currently, 70/140-mesh proppant sand material does not have an API/ISO specification. Table 1.2: Utica Year 2018 API/ISO Test Results for the Four Sized Samples The test results suggest that the Utica Mine could produce frac sands which meet minimum API/ISO recommended testing characteristics. BOYD notes that the Utica operation has a prior history of selling various frac sand sized products to oil service companies prior to the Smart Sand acquisition in 2020. 1.6 Operations 1.6.1 Mining The Utica Mine produces approximately 800,000 to 1 million tons of finished product per year. The quarry exploits the St. Peter sandstone formation which is extensively mined in the Ottawa-Utica, Illinois area. To produce 800,000 tons of frac sand product, approximately 1 million tons of ROM sand is uncovered, drilled, blasted, and then hauled to the slurry plant. Conventional excavators, front-end loaders, articulated haul trucks and dozers are used to strip the overburden and recover the sand. Initially, 50 ft to 75 ft of overburden is removed prior to exposing the approximately 90 ft thick sand formation. Currently the mine pit operates two, 10-hour shifts, four days per week resulting in a 40-hour work week per shift. A 10-hour Friday shift is added if needed. Generally, there are seven employees on the day shift and five employees on the night shift. 

1-5 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY The sand is mined, processed, and stored from one contiguous property. The product is trucked to the nearby Peru rail loadout. Production from the operation commenced in mid-2012. Recent historic run-of-mine (ROM) production and forecast ROM production are illustrated in Tables 1.3 and 1.4: Table 1.3 Historic ROM Production Year Finished Tons (000) 2019 n/a 2020 722 2021 1,136 est Acquired partial year Table 1.4: Forecasted ROM Production Tons Year 2022 Year 2023 Year 2024 Year 2025 Year 2026 ROM Production tons (000) 982 982 982 982 982 The average process yield is reported to be 81.5 ; as such, 982,000 ROM tons are expected to produce approximately 800,000 tons of finished product. The LOM plan, contained in Chapter 7, assumes a steady-state sales volume in the 800,000 product tons per year range for approximately 150 years through year 2172. Future mine plan production, and hence the longevity of the mine, is directly related to energy market demand for proppant sand. Actual yearly production volumes may, and are likely to, fluctuate significantly based on this demand. 1.6.2 Processing The Utica plant commenced wash plant operations in 2014. Initially, the work-in-process (WIP) sand was railed to a dry process plant in Corpus Christi, Texas. In 2018, a 1.6 million tons per year dry process plant was constructed on-site and is currently utilized. The ROM sand material is hauled to an in-pit feed hopper where it is slurried and pumped to an enclosed wet process plant. Following removal of oversize and waste 

1-6 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY to a 250 tons per hour (tph) natural gas fired dryer. Dry sand is then screened into predominantly 20/40-mesh, 30/50-mesh,40/70-mesh, and 70/140-mesh (100-mesh) finished products. The finished products are stored in four 2,000-ton truck loadout silos before being trucked to customers or the rail loadout. 1.6.3 Infrastructure The Utica Mine is serviced by three phase power that is routed along US highway 6, which runs north of the northern property line. The pipeline providing natural gas supply for the drying equipment is also routed along this corridor. Plant process water is supplied by water collected in the pit and ponds. Additionally, the wash process water is recycled after fines are removed via settling with a flocculent in a thickener and series of constructed ponds. On-site facilities include a scale house, office, shop, and a quality laboratory located in the dry process plant. The operation employs approximately 54 people and staffing varies based on production demand. 1.7 Financial Analysis 1.7.1 Market Analysis Although Smart Sand s market area is essentially all of the energy basins in the United States and western Canada, we have selectively focused on the Permian, Appalachian, and Denver-Julesburg (DJ) as these are target markets for their frac sand. The Oakdale Mine has advantaged delivered cost to the western basins like the DJ as the Oakdale Mine directly loads onto the Canadian Pacific Railway, a very competitive option for westbound sand to the DJ. Oakdale also own a loadout near the mine which enables them to load directly on the Union Pacific Railway, the favored Permian basin rail. The Utica Mine has access to their nearby Burlington Northern rail loadout which greatly complements the Oakdale facility, especially when moving product to the Appalachian (Marcellus-Utica) basin. Therefore, a high-level overview of demand in these basins follows. Permit submissions for horizontal oil and gas wells in the Permian indicate a continuation of strong drilling ahead. According to InfillThinking, the number of permits 

1-7 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY filed per working rig this summer is tracking at multi-year highs as evidenced in Figure 1.1 below. Figure 1.1: Permian Basin HZ Permit Submissions vs. Rigs Over the previous 52 weeks, rig counts in the Permian are up approximately 111 . This has led to increased production for both crude oil and natural gas. For the same time period, crude oil (barrels per day) and natural gas production (thousand cubic feet per day) in the Permian are up 10 and 9 , respectively. As Figure 1.2 illustrates, Permian daily crude oil production is nearing its pre-pandemic impacted peak, while daily natural gas production in the Permian continues to make new records and now stands at 18.6 billion cubic feet per day. Figure 1.2: Permian Oil Production and Natural Gas Production - 1,000,000 2,000,000 3,000,000 4,000,000 5,000,000 6,000,000 Ja n- 19 Fe b- 19 M ar -1 9 Ap r- 19 M ay -1 9 Ju n- 19 Ju l-1 9 Au g- 19 Se p- 19 O ct -1 9 N ov -1 9 De c- 19 Ja n- 20 Fe b- 20 M ar -2 0 Ap r- 20 M ay -2 0 Ju n- 20 Ju l-2 0 Au g- 20 Se p- 20 O ct -2 0 N ov -2 0 De c- 20 Ja n- 21 Fe b- 21 M ar -2 1 Ap r- 21 M ay -2 1 Ju n- 21 Ju l-2 1 Au g- 21 Permian Oil Production (bbl/d) - 2,000,000 4,000,000 6,000,000 8,000,000 10,000,000 12,000,000 14,000,000 16,000,000 18,000,000 20,000,000 Ja n- 19 Fe b- 19 M ar -1 9 Ap r- 19 M ay -1 9 Ju n- 19 Ju l-1 9 Au g- 19 Se p- 19 O ct -1 9 N ov -1 9 De c- 19 Ja n- 20 Fe b- 20 M ar -2 0 Ap r- 20 M ay -2 0 Ju n- 20 Ju l-2 0 Au g- 20 Se p- 20 O ct -2 0 N ov -2 0 De c- 20 Ja n- 21 Fe b- 21 M ar -2 1 Ap r- 21 M ay -2 1 Ju n- 21 Ju l-2 1 Au g- 21 Permian Natural Gas Production (Mcf/d) 

1-8 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY According to U.S. Energy Information Administration Drilling Productivity Report, drilled but uncompleted wells (DUCs) in the Permian Basin have declined 43 since peaking in July 2020 (refer to Figure 1.3). These data dovetail with increased crude oil and natural gas production in the basin. Figure 1.3: Permian Drilled but Uncompleted Wells Although a majority of this large basin s sand is sourced from local sand mines, Northern White, Oakdale quality sand remains an important product for many well applications. 1.7.1.1 Appalachian Basin (Marcellus/Utica Play) and Niobrara Basin Although smaller in size than the Permian energy fields, the Appalachian and Nioobrara (DJ) are substantial natural gas and oil plays in North America. Unlike the Permian, the Appalachian and Niobrara import the vast majority of the frac sand. Very few, notable in- basin sand operations exist. This creates an advantaged situation for the Oakdale and Utica mines as they are advantaged, transport wise to the basin and there are few substitutes for NWS. Following the energy downturn in 2019 and thern Covid shutdown in 2020, the basin wellfield activity appears to be rebounding. Horizontal rigs have stabilized over the past two years as can be seen from Figures 1.4 but gas production per rig is substantially higher. Energy companies are drilling longer laterals and optimizing each well pad - 500 1,000 1,500 2,000 2,500 3,000 3,500 4,000 Ja n- 19 Fe b- 19 M ar -1 9 Ap r- 19 M ay -1 9 Ju n- 19 Ju l-1 9 Au g- 19 Se p- 19 O ct -1 9 N ov -1 9 De c- 19 Ja n- 20 Fe b- 20 M ar -2 0 Ap r- 20 M ay -2 0 Ju n- 20 Ju l-2 0 Au g- 20 Se p- 20 O ct -2 0 N ov -2 0 De c- 20 Ja n- 21 Fe b- 21 M ar -2 1 Ap r- 21 M ay -2 1 Ju n- 21 Ju l-2 1 Au g- 21 Permian Drilled but Uncompleted Wells 

1-9 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY becoming more efficient from a cost perspective and overall natural gas production is stable as can be seen from Figure 1.5. Figure 1.4: Appalachian Rig Count and Production per Rig (Source: EIA) Figure 1.5: Appalachian Gas Production (Source: EIA) 

1-10 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Similarly, the DJ basin has seen a rebound in rig count since the Covid shutdown. Both gas and oil rig counts have risen but productivity per well has decreased as can be seen in Figure 1.6. Figure 1.6: Niobrara Oil and Gas Rig Count and Productivity (Source: EIA) Overall gas and oil production remains relatively flat in the basin, but more wells are being drilled to maintain this capacity. Figure 1.7 illustrates the overall yearly gas and oil production in the basin. Figure 1.7: Niobrara Oil and Gas Production (Source: EIA) Having survived the challenging environment of 2019 and 2020, Smart Sand s operations should continue to prove viable into the future notwithstanding a sustained and significant energy price collapse. Their low-cost mining scheme, advantaged transport to select basins, and high-quality product help to create an advantage compared with other NWS producers. 

1-11 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 1.7.2 Historic Capital Expenditures, Operating Costs, and Pricing The Utica operation s CapEx, and Historical Sales for the years 2020, and 2021 (September YTD), is presented in Tables 1.5 and 1.6 below. CapEx 000) Year 2020 - Sep YTD 2021 257 Total 257 Utica acquired on September 18, 2020 Utica operation only, excludes transload sites and other locatons/activities. Table 1.5: Historical Capital Expenditures Year 2020 SepYTD2021 Tons Sold (000) 106 564 Total Revenues 000) (a) 2,256 11,553 Average Sales Price per ton sold) 21.33 20.48 Acquired in September 2020 Table 1.6 : Historical Sales Statistics Table 1.7 presents Utica s historical cash operating costs for the short year 2020, and September YTD 2021. Operating costs represent the costs incurred associated with the mining, ongoing reclamation, wet processing, dry processing, trucking to the off-site rail loadout, off-site rail loadout (Peru), and other related costs. . (000) per ton sold Cash Operating Costs Year 2020 SepYTD2021 Year 2020 SepYTD2021 Wages and benefits 566 3,391 5.35 6.15 Excavation 50 859 0.47 1.56 Utilities 134 1,061 1.26 1.93 Equipment 78 342 0.74 0.62 Maintenance 154 551 1.46 1.00 Peru Trucking - 1,075 - 1.95 Real Estate taxes - 415 - 0.75 Other Costs (a) (2) 49 (0.02) 0.09 Total Cash Operating Costs 980 7,742 9.27 14.05 Note Rounding Errors Acquired in September 2020 Table 1.7 : Historical Cost of Production 

1-12 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 1.7.3 Projected Sales Revenue, Production Costs, and Capex Table 1.8 presents BOYD s sales projections for the period 2022 through 2026. The sales price forecast is constant dollar, by product, and is based on current quarter average prices. We opine that these are reasonable price projections. Year 2022 Year 2023 Year 2024 Year 2025 Year 2026 Tons Sold (000) 800 800 800 800 800 40/70-Mesh and coarser 694 694 694 694 694 70/100-Mesh 106 106 106 106 106 Revenues 000) 16,000 16,000 16,000 16,000 16,000 Product Pricing per ton sold) Average Price for all products 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 Table 1.8: Utica Sales Projections Table 1.9 below, presents the above table s cost projections on a cost per ton sold basis for the years 2022 through 2026. Summary Cash Cost of Goods Sold per ton sold): Cash Operating Expense Year 2022 Year 2023 Year 2024 Year 2025 Year 2026 Wages and benefits 6.00 6.00 6.00 6.00 6.00 Excavation 1.56 1.56 1.56 1.56 1.56 Utilities 1.93 1.93 1.93 1.93 1.93 Equipment 0.57 0.57 0.57 0.57 0.57 Maintenance 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 Peru Trucking 1.95 1.95 1.95 1.95 1.95 Real Estate taxes 0.75 0.75 0.75 0.75 0.75 Other Costs 0.09 0.09 0.09 0.09 0.09 Subtotal Cash Operating Expense 13.85 13.85 13.85 13.85 13.85 SG A 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 Final Reclamation Escrow 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 Total Cash Cost of Goods Sold 15.34 15.34 15.34 15.34 15.34 Table 1.9: Annual Dollars per Ton Sold Cash Cost Projections Smart Sand provided BOYD with the annual sustaining CapEx estimate of 1 million, which includes maintenance of production equipment as well as other items for the operation. 1.7.4 Economic Analysis BOYD prepared an economic analysis, as of January 1, 2022, for the Utica Operation using the production, sales, and financial projections presented in this report. Our analysis confirms that the operation generates positive cash flows (based on a 12 discount rate), on a pre-tax and after-tax basis, that supports the statement of frac sand 

1-13 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY reserves herein. Table 1.10 below presents the pre-tax and after-tax cash flow projections based on the proposed LOM production schedule, revenue, cost of goods sold, CapEx and other estimates discussed above for the Utica operation. Summary Cash Flow Statement 000) 2022 2032 2042 2052 2062 2072 2082 2092 2102 2112 2122 to 2031 to 2041 to 2051 to 2061 to 2071 to 2081 to 2091 to 2101 to 2111 to 2121 to 2182 Total Total Tons Sold (000) 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 48,811 128,811 Revenues 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 976,220 2,576,220 COGS 122,696 122,856 123,016 123,176 123,336 123,496 123,656 123,816 123,976 124,136 767,135 2,001,295 CapEx 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 61,014 161,014 Net Pre-Tax Cash Flow 27,304 27,144 26,984 26,824 26,664 26,504 26,344 26,184 26,024 25,864 148,071 413,911 Federal and State Income Taxes 2,856 7,681 7,636 7,591 7,546 7,501 7,455 7,410 7,365 7,320 40,631 110,992 After-Tax Net Cash Flow 24,448 19,463 19,348 19,233 19,118 19,003 18,889 18,774 18,659 18,544 107,441 302,920 Table 1.10: Summary Cash Flow Statement Discounted Cash Flow-Net Present Values (DCF-NPV) on a pre-tax and after-tax basis, using discount rates of 10 , 12 , and 15 , were calculated utilizing the cash flows above. The DCF-NPV values used mid-year discounting and all cash flows were on a constant dollar basis. The pre-tax DCF-NPV ranges from approximately 19.5 million to 28.5 million. The after-tax DCF-NPV ranges from approximately 16.8 million to 23.8 million. Table 1.11 summarizes the results of the pre-tax and after-tax DCF-NPV analyses: DCF-NPV 000) 10 12 15 Pre-Tax 28,531 24,013 19,483 After-Tax 23,797 20,347 16,824 Table 1.11: DCF-NPV The NPV estimate was made for purposes of confirming the economic viability of the reported frac sand reserves and not for purposes of valuing the Utica Mine or its assets. Internal rate-of-return (IRR) and project payback were not calculated, as there was no initial investment considered in the financial model. 1.8 Regulation and Liabilities The Utica Mine s operations are predominantly regulated by LaSalle County, Illinois and the State of Illinois concerning reclamation of the site. Air emissions are regulated by the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency. 

1-14 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Based on our review of information provided by Smart Sand and available public information, it is BOYD s opinion that the Utica Mine s record of compliance with applicable mining, water quality, and environmental regulations is generally typical for that of the industry. BOYD is not aware of any regulatory violation or compliance issue which would materially impact the frac sand reserve estimate. 1.9 Conclusions It is BOYD s overall conclusion that Smart Sand s Utica Mine frac sand reserves, as reported herein: (1) were prepared in conformance with accepted industry standards and practices, and (2) are reasonably and appropriately supported by technical evaluations, which consider all relevant modifying factors. We do not believe there is other relevant data or information material to the Utica Property that would render this technical report summary misleading. Our conclusions represent only informed professional judgment. The ability of Smart Sand, or any mine operator, to recover all of the reported frac sand reserves is dependent on numerous factors that are beyond the control of, and cannot be anticipated by, BOYD. These factors include mining and geologic conditions, the capabilities of management and employees, the securing of required approvals and permits in a timely manner, future sand prices, etc. Unforeseen changes in regulations could also impact performance. Opinions presented in this report apply to the site conditions and features as they existed at the time of BOYD s investigations and those reasonably foreseeable. Q:\ENG_WP\3555.022 SS - YE 2022 S-K 1300\3555.022A - Utica\CH-1 - Executive Summary.docx 

2-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 2.0 INTRODUCTION 2.1 Registrant and Purpose This technical report summary was prepared for Smart Sand in support of their disclosure of frac sand reserves for the Utica Mine in accordance with S-K 1300 Regulations. Smart Sand is a publicly traded corporation listed on the NASDAQ (SND) with headquarters in The Woodlands, Texas. Smart Sand purchased the Utica Mine in September 2020 from Eagle Materials. The company, since inception, has expanded their footprint with operations and property in Wisconsin and Illinois. Smart Sand also operates several rail transloads and offers last mile solutions with their SmartSystem wellsite silo division. Smart Sand s website is found at www.smartsand.com. 2.2 Terms of Reference Smart Sand retained BOYD to prepare an SEC-compliant technical report summary to support their disclosure of frac sand reserves following S-K 1300 requirements. Our objective was to incorporate the results of the existing technical report along with additional information that we reviewed into a compliant technical report summary. The results of our review, presented in report form herein, were prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements set forth in Subpart 1300 and Item 601(b)(96) of the SEC s Regulation S-K. The purpose of this report is threefold: (1) to summarize available information for the subject mining property, (2) to provide the conclusions of our technical audit, and (3) to provide a statement of frac sand resources and reserves for the Utica Mine. This is the first technical report summary filed by Smart Sand for the Utica Mine. BOYD s findings are based on our detailed examination of the supporting geologic, technical, and economic information provided by Smart Sand in formulating the estimates of frac sand resources and reserves disclosed in this report. We independently estimated the frac sand resources and reserves from first principles based on third-party exploration information provided to BOYD. This estimate is contained in BOYD Report 3555.019 issued in February 2021 shortly after the operation was acquired from Eagle Materials. 

2-2 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY We used standard engineering and geoscience methods, or a combination of methods, that we considered to be appropriate and necessary to establish the conclusions set forth herein. As in all aspects of mining property evaluation, there are uncertainties inherent in the interpretation of engineering and geoscience data; therefore, our conclusions necessarily represent only informed professional judgment. The ability of Smart Sand, or any mine operator, to recover all of the estimated frac sand reserves presented in this report is dependent on numerous factors that are beyond the control of, and cannot be anticipated by, BOYD. These factors include mining and geologic conditions, the capabilities of management and employees, the securing of required approvals and permits in a timely manner, future sand prices, etc. Unforeseen changes in regulations could also impact performance. Opinions presented in this report apply to the site conditions and features as they existed at the time of BOYD s investigations and those reasonably foreseeable. This report is intended for use by Smart Sand subject to the terms and conditions of its engagement agreement with BOYD. The agreement permits Smart Sand to file this report as a technical report summary with the SEC pursuant to Subpart 1300 and Item 601(b)(96) of Regulation S-K. Except for the purposes legislated under US securities law, any other uses of or reliance on this report by any third party is at that party s sole risk. The responsibility for this disclosure remains with Smart Sand. The user of this document should ensure that this is the most recent disclosure of frac sand resources and reserves for the Utica Mine as it is no longer valid if more recent estimates have been issued. 2.3 Expert Qualifications BOYD is an independent consulting firm specializing in mining-related engineering and financial consulting services. Since 1943, BOYD has completed over 4,000 projects in the United States and more than 90 other countries. Our full-time staff comprises mining experts in: civil, environmental, geotechnical, and mining engineering; geology; mineral economics; and market analysis. Our extensive experience in frac sand resources/reserve estimation and our knowledge of the subject property, provides BOYD an informed basis on which to opine on the frac sand reserves available at the Utica Mine. An overview of BOYD can be found on our website at www.jtboyd.com. The individuals primarily responsible for this audit and the preparation of this report are by virtue of their education, experience, and professional association considered qualified persons as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K. 

2-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Neither BOYD nor its staff employed in the preparation of this report have any beneficial interest in Smart Sand, and are not insiders, associates, or affiliates of Smart Sand. The results of our resource/reserve estimate and subsequent audit were not dependent upon any prior agreements concerning the conclusions to be reached, nor were there any undisclosed understandings concerning any future business dealings between Smart Sand and BOYD. This report was prepared in return for fees based upon agreed commercial rates, and the payment for our services was not contingent upon our opinions regarding the project or approval of our work by Smart Sand and its representatives. 2.4 Principal Sources of Information Information used in this assignment was obtained from: (1) Smart Sand files, (2) discussions with Smart Sand personnel, (3) records on file with regulatory agencies, (4) public sources, and (5) nonconfidential BOYD files. The basis for this report is BOYD Report 3555.019 issued in February 2021. This resource and reserve estimate compiled by BOYD was used in conjunction with plant production records to adjust the resources and reserves to year end 2021. Additional information was provided by Smart Sand including: Financial forecasting models. Historical information, including: - Production reports and reconciliation statements. - Financial statements. - Product sales and pricing. The data and work papers used in the preparation of this report are on file in our offices. 2.4.1 Site Visits A personal inspection of the Utica operation was made by two of BOYD s senior geology and mining staff both qualified persons and co-authors of this report on October 27, 2021. The site visit included: (1) observation of the active mining operations, (2) a tour of the mine site s surface infrastructure, and (3) a detailed discussion of the mine plan. BOYD s representatives were accompanied by Smart Sand management who openly and cooperatively answered questions regarding, but not limited to: site geology, mining conditions and operations, equipment usage, labor relations, operating and capital costs, current and proposed processing operations, and frac sand marketing. 

2-4 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 2.4.2 Reliance on Information Provided by the Registrant In the preparation of this report we have relied, without independent verification, upon information furnished by Smart Sand with respect to: property interests; exploration results; current and historical production from such properties; current and historical costs of operation and production; and agreements relating to current and future operations and sale of production. BOYD exercised due care in reviewing the information provided by Smart Sand within the scope of our expertise and experience (which is in technical and financial mining issues) and concluded the data are valid and appropriate considering the status of the subject property and the purpose for which this report was prepared. BOYD is not qualified to provide findings of a legal or accounting nature. We have no reason to believe that any material facts have been withheld, or that further analysis may reveal additional material information. However, the accuracy of the results and conclusions of this report are reliant on the accuracy of the information provided by Smart Sand. While we are not responsible for any material omissions in the information provided for use in this report, we do not disclaim responsibility for the disclosure of information contained herein which is within the realm of our expertise. 2.5 Effective Date The frac sand reserves presented in this technical report summary are effective as of December 31, 2021. The report effective date is December 31, 2021. 2.6 Units of Measure The US customary measurement system has been used throughout this report. Tons are dry short tons of 2,000 pounds-mass. Unless otherwise stated, all currency is expressed in constant 2020 US Dollars ). q:\eng_wp\3555.022 ss - ye 2022 s-k 1300\3555.022a - utica\ch-2 - introduction.docx 

3-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 3.0 PROPERTY OVERVIEW 3.1 Description and Location Smart Sand s Utica surface frac sand mining operation is located on a contiguous block of acres controlled by Smart Sand, in LaSalle County, Illinois, and is approximately 6 miles west of the city of Ottawa. Utica s off-site rail loadout is in Peru, Illinois approximately 7 miles west of the mining operation. Geographically, the Utica frac sand processing plant is located at approximately 41 20'51.18 N latitude and 88 57'25.85 W longitude. Figure 3.1 illustrates the location and general layout of the Utica Property and Mine. 3.2 History Smart Sand purchased the Utica frac sand operation from Eagle Materials in September 2020. The acquisition included the purchase of the mineral reserves and associated mining and processing facilities. Eagle Materials originally purchased the Utica greenfield property in 2012 and 2013, with mining and wet processing operations commencing in 2014. The Utica operation has mined premium NWS for use in the oil/gas industry. NWS has been extensively mined, via surface mining operations, in the north central area of the United States (predominantly mined in Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Illinois, with lesser amounts mined in Arkansas and Iowa). The primary sources of NWS are from the Saint Peter, Jordan, Wonewoc, and Mt. Simon formations, which are found in an area ranging from south central Minnesota into Wisconsin. Utica s Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) identification number (1103253) was assigned in 2012. 3.3 Property Control The Utica Property comprises approximately 819 acres owned in fee by Smart Sand. Ownership information provided by Smart Sand has been accepted as being true and accurate for the purpose of this report. 

3-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 3.3.1 Mineral Ownership Smart Sand owns 100 of the mineral rights to the entire subject property. The current estimated area suitable for resource extraction is approximately 642 acres, or 78 of the total mining property, after observing setbacks, right of ways, processing areas, and other non-mining acreage. 3.3.2 Surface Ownership Smart Sand owns 100 of the surface rights to the entire subject property. 3.4 Adjacent Properties Most of the Illinois frac sand mining activity occurs in LaSalle County, with another operation in nearby Ogle County. Smart Sand s Utica operation is in LaSalle County. The mining activity in these two counties is in the St. Peter Formation and is for the purpose of producing frac sand. All existing frac sand mining operations in LaSalle County are located either northeast/east or northwest/west of the Utica Mine. 3.5 Regulation and Liabilities Mining and related activities for the Utica operation are regulated by two Federal agencies, three State of Illinois agencies, and two Local agencies. 3.6 Accessibility, Local Resources, and Infrastructure Smart Sand s Utica Mine is located near a number of small cities in north-central Illinois. Ottawa has a population of about 18,000, while LaSalle County has over 108,000, based on 2019 population estimates. There are nine counties adjacent to LaSalle County, specifically, Lee, DeKalb, Kendall, Grundy, Livingston, Woodford, Marshall, Putnam and Bureau counties. General access to the Utica Mine is via a well-developed network of primary and secondary roads serviced by state and local governments. These roads offer direct access to the mine and processing facilities and are open year-round. Primary vehicular access to the property is via US Highway 6, with nearby access to Interstate 80 and Interstate 39. The Utica operation has an off-site rail loadout facility in nearby Peru, Illinois, approximately 7 miles from the site, with access to the BNSF rail network. Utica s frac 

3-4 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY sand product is railed to the various energy basins via the BNSF or other connecting rail carriers. The Utica operation has access to major airports as there are: Five International airports within a 90-mile radius of the site. One Regional airport within an 80-mile radius of the site. One Local airport in Peru, Illinois. Sources of three phase electrical power, natural gas, and other miscellaneous materials are readily available. Water supplied to the operation is via various sources such as, on-site wells, on-site ponds, and public water. 3.7 Physiography The Utica Property in LaSalle County is in the Bloomington Ridged Plain of the Central Lowland Province, and within the Fox Valley and Illinois River Valley regions in north Illinois. As stated in the Soil Survey of LaSalle County, Illinois, a USDA-NRCS publication1, The Bloomington Ridged Plain consists mainly of till of Wisconsinan age. It is characterized by low, broad morainic ridges with intervening wide stretches of relatively flat or gently undulating ground moraines2. The moraines form a series of curves roughly concentric with the outer boundary of the county. Most of La Salle County is drained by the Illinois River and its tributaries, the Fox, Vermilion, and Little Vermilion Rivers. The Illinois River flows into the Mississippi River, which empties into the Gulf of Mexico. 3 The Illinois River is about 2.5 miles south of the mining property. Starved Rock State Park is about 3 miles southwest of the mining property along the southern bank of the Illinois River. The surface of the Utica Property is overlain by overburden that ranges in thickness from 57 ft to 77 ft, with an average thickness of approximately 66 ft. The overburden material consists of clay, sandy gravel, peat, and limestone cap rock. Beneath the overburden material is the St. Peter sandstone formation, one of the primary sources of NWS. Care 1 Soil Survey of LaSalle County, Illinois, USDA-NRCS, pages 3 to 4. 2 Soil Survey of LaSalle County, Illinois, USDA-NRCS, pages 416: Moraine: In terms of glacial geology, a mound, ridge, or other topographically distinct accumulation of unsorted, unstratified drift, predominantly till, deposited primarily by the direct action of glacial ice in a variety of landforms. Also, a general term for a landform composed mainly of till (except for kame moraines, which are composed mainly of stratified outwash) that has been deposited by a glacier. Some types of moraines are disintegration, end, ground, kame, lateral, recessional, and terminal. 3 Soil Survey of LaSalle County, Illinois, USDA-NRCS, page 4. 

3-5 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY must be taken in defining the presence of erosion channels, which can replace the critical upper portion of the St. Peter sandstone formation locally. 3.8 Climate For the Utica operation, average monthly high temperatures range from 31 F to 85 F, with June, July, and August being the hottest months. Average monthly low temperatures range from 14 F to 64 F, with the months of November, December, January, February, and March exhibiting average lows at or below freezing (32 F). Average annual rainfall is 36 in. with approximately 82 days of rain. Average annual snowfall is about 25 in. with approximately 13 days of snowfall. Table 3.1 provides National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) monthly average climate data for LaSalle County, Illinois. Climate Data for Utica Mine LaSalle County (City of Ottawa), Illinois Averages Units Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec High Temp F 31 36 49 63 74 82 85 84 78 66 50 36 Low Temp F 14 19 29 40 51 60 64 63 55 43 32 21 Rainfall inches 1.6 1.5 2.6 3.4 4.2 4.3 3.6 4.0 3.3 2.8 2.7 2.1 days 6 5 7 9 9 8 7 7 6 6 6 6 Snowfall inches 8.4 6.0 3.1 0.7 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.8 5.9 days 5 3 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 Source: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Table 3.1: Climate Data for Utica Mine LaSalle County, Wisconsin q:\eng_wp\3555.022 ss - ye 2022 s-k 1300\3555.022a - utica\ch-3 - property description.docx 

4-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 4.0 GEOLOGY 4.1 Regional Geology NWS are generally located in the north-central portion of the United States (predominantly in Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Illinois, with lesser amounts in Arkansas and Iowa). NWS is found in poorly cemented Cambrian and Ordovician sandstones and in unconsolidated alluvial deposits locally derived from these sandstones. The Saint Peter, Jordan, Wonewoc, and Mount Simon Formations, located in south-central Minnesota into Wisconsin, are the primary sources of NWS. Figure 4.1, on the following page, presents the various stratigraphic rock units in Wisconsin, which are similar to the rock units encountered in Illinois. The Utica Property s target silica bearing formation is the St. Peter Sandstone, which is a massive formation in areal extent and thickness. Areally, it extends from Minnesota to Arkansas and from Illinois into Nebraska and South Dakota. On a regional basis, the St. Peter ranges in thickness from a few feet to over 700 ft, with a general thickness of 100 ft to 200 ft. In northern Illinois, the thickness can be over 300 ft thick. Sand comprising the St. Peter Formation was originally deposited in clear shallow water near the shore of a Paleozoic Sea. The St. Peter sandstone can be generally described as well sorted, well rounded, fine to medium size frosted grains of exceptionally pure quartz sands free from clay, carbonates, and heavy minerals that are friable or weakly cemented. As such, the sand is valued in the marketplace for its high silica content and is extensively quarried for silica sand. The St. Peter sandstone is one of the major aquifers in Illinois. On a regional basis the properties of the formation exhibit grain size that is generally uniform and normally grades from medium to medium-coarse in the upper section, to medium to fine-grained in the lower section. As a rule, the lower portion of the formation is fine-grained with iron, alumina, and carbonate contamination increasing with depth. The St. Peter Formation is of Ordovician age (early middle). It is the lower formation of the Anceli Group and overlies the Shakopee Dolomite. 4.2 Local Stratigraphy The surface of the Utica property is overlain by overburden that ranges in thickness from 57 ft to 77 ft, with an average thickness of approximately 66 ft. The overburden 

4-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY material consists of clay, sandy gravel, peat, and limestone cap rock. Beneath the overburden material is the St. Peter sandstone formation. The St. Peter deposit on the Utica Property is flat lying with no evidence of faulting, and has been eroded to an average thickness of approximately 100 ft. The formation is a white to buff, with fine to medium grained ortho-quartzite. It contains rounded, clear polished sand quartz grains with minor secondary silica and clay cement. Care must be taken in defining the presence of erosion channels, which can replace the critical upper portion of the St. Peter sandstone formation locally. Grain size distribution drives the mine planning. Iron tends to be concentrated near the surface and is visible in orange staining. Iron also increases at the bottom sandstone contact, occurring mostly as pyrite. The deposit is coarser in its top half. Where the upper part of the formation is eroded, multiple mining faces must operate to ensure adequate sand is available to meet product specifications. A cross-section through the deposit is provided in Figure 4.2 (page 4-4). 4.3 Frac Sand Geology Frac sand is a naturally occurring, high silica content quartz sand, with grains that are generally well-rounded. The main difference between frac sand and other sands is that frac sand grains are relatively pure in composition, consisting almost entirely of quartz; other sands have numerous impurities that may be cemented to the quartz grains. The pure quartz composition of frac sand grains, along with being well-rounded and spherical in shape, gives these sands the characteristics (crush strength, high acid solubility, low turbidity) that are branded as premium sands by the drilling service industry. The NWS-St. Peter sands are generally characterized by a high silica content, high roundness and sphericity, white color, and lack of deleterious material. Because of their monocrystalline structure, these sands have superior grain strength when compared to other silica sands and are suitable for pressure applications generally up to the 9,000-pounds per square inch (psi) range. NWS is not classified as an in-basin frac sand. In-basin frac sands, such as those found in west Texas, are a relatively new extension of the frac sand mining industry. The first in-basin frac sand deposits mined (late-2017) in the United States were in the Permian Basin of Texas. Permian basin oil and gas exploration and production companies noted favorable results from locally sourced sands, and as such, nearly every other energy 

4-5 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY basin has gone through a period of exploration to locate suitable local sources of frac sands. Many E Ps shifted their approach from requiring only premium branded frac sands, such as NWS, to using higher quantities of locally sourced and lower-priced frac sands, with positive results. q:\eng_wp\3555.022 ss - ye 2022 s-k 1300\3555.022a - utica\ch-4 - geology.docx 

5-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 5.0 EXPLORATION DATA 5.1 Background As previously mentioned, Smart Sand acquired the Utica Property in September 2020 from Eagle Materials. BOYD, in February 2021, prepared a Resource and Reserve Estimate for the Utica Proppant Sand Property as of the date of acquisition, which utilized available exploration information provided to us by Smart Sand. 5.2 Exploration Procedures 5.2.1 Drilling and Sampling Based on information provided by Smart Sand to BOYD, we note that there were several exploration drilling programs performed on the Utica Property, the most recent of which was in 2017. There were 29 holes drilled on the property. However, BOYD utilized the results of only 14 exploration holes to develop the geologic model of the Utica deposit, specifically SL-1 to SL-11 (11 holes), DI-5 (1 hole), EG-3 (1 hole), and LD-3 (1 hole), as they were the only holes with sieve size, overburden and sand thickness data. Also, the sand core in each hole was tested in 10-ft increments for particle size distribution. Smart Sand provided BOYD with the results of two sets of sand samples (Year 2011 and Year 2018) sent to Stim-Lab in Duncan, Oklahoma, for ISO/API analysis. Refer to Section 5.2.2 for further information. The lithologic data obtained from the 14 holes, the results of the particle size distribution, and the results of the Stim-Lab analyses, were compiled into a database for input into the BOYD geologic model, which was the principal source of information used to define the extent of the deposit on the property, the overburden volumes, the sand and waste volumes and tonnages, the corresponding sand product distribution based on particle size, and quality of the St. Peter sand underlying the Utica Property. BOYD notes we were not involved with any exploration activities associated with the information presented above and were not provided information pertaining to the drilling and sampling methodologies utilized in the various exploration campaigns at the Utica Property. Other than the 14 exploration hole data provided by Smart Sand, we were not provided information regarding the equipment utilized, and the sampling, logging, and field work performed pertaining to the exploration work on the Utica property by the prior owners of the property. BOYD notes that we cannot opine on whether those methodologies and procedures used to obtain the exploration data were carefully and 

5-2 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY professionally collected, prepared, and documented in conformance with generally accepted industry standards. We can confirm that the Stim-Lab results were professionally prepared and documented in conformance with generally accepted industry standards. BOYD opines that although limited, the data provided were sufficient for the purposes of evaluating and estimating frac sand resources and reserves on the Utica Property. 5.2.2 Frac Sand Quality Testing Stim-Lab performed sieve analyses on two sets of sized-samples pertaining to the Utica Property. In addition, they performed the API RP 19C/ISO 13503-2 proppant sand characteristic tests for sphericity and roundness, acid solubility, crush resistance, and turbidity. These specific sized samples are the following: Three sand samples labelled Illinois Cement 20/40, Illinois Cement 40/70, and Illinois Cement 70/140 submitted by Eagle Materials on August 3, 2011. Four sand samples labelled NWS 20/40, NWS 30/50, NWS 40/70, and NWS 100M submitted by Northern White Sand, LLC on August 3, 2018. When the samples were received by Stim-Lab, they performed a sieve analysis on each frac sand product sized sample and tested each product sized sample per API RP 19C/ISO 13503-2 standards. Results from the various testing performed on the Year 2011 and Year 2018 sized sand samples pertaining to the Utica Property is presented in Section 5.3. 5.2.3 Other Exploration Methods No other methods of exploration (such as airborne or ground geophysical surveys) are reported for the Utica Property. 5.3 Laboratory Testing Results The relatively uniform nature of the St. Peter sand formation underlying the Utica Property, combined with the results of independent laboratory testing (Stim-Lab) indicated that the Utica Property could produce a suite of 20/100-mesh frac sand products that meet customer specifications for frac sand use. 

5-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 5.3.1 Grain Size Distribution Smart Sand provided BOYD the grain size distribution data, from the 14 holes selected. A table, summarizing the 14 holes average grain size distribution of the in situ sand deposit, based on sieve results, is shown in Table 5.1. Approximate In-Place Product Distribution Retained By Mesh Size Product >20 20/40 40/70 70/100 

5-4 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 5.3.5 Turbidity Turbidity was analyzed according to ISO 13503-2/API RP19C, Section 9. Under this standard, the suggested maximum frac sand turbidity should be equal to or less than 250 nephelometric turbidity units (NTU). 5.3.6 Quality Summary The three sized samples, 20/40, 40/70, and 70/140-mesh product sizes, provided to Stim-Lab in August 2011 were tested for API RP 19C/ISO 13503-2 proppant sand characteristics. The test results are presented in Table 5.2. EM Year 2011 - Average API/ISO Test Results By Product Size API RP19C API RP19C Result Recommended Result Result Recommended Test 20/40-mesh Specification 40/70-mesh 70/140-mesh Specification Sphericity 0.7 0.6 0.6 0.6 0.6 Roundness 0.7 0.6 0.6 0.6 0.6 Acid Solubility ) 0.6 2.0 0.9 1.2 3.0 Turbidity (NTU) 44 250 35 35 250 K-Value (000 psi) 6 NA 7 9 NA Clusters None Observed NA None Observed None Observed NA Note: Currently, 70/140-mesh proppant sand material does not have an API/ISO specification. Table 5.2: Utica Year 2011 API/ISO Test Results for the Three Sized Samples The four sized samples, 20/40, 30/50, 40/70, and 100-mesh product sizes, provided to Stim-Lab in August 2018 were tested by for API RP 19C/ISO 13503-2 proppant sand characteristics. The test results are presented in Table 5.3. NWS, LLC Year 2018 Sample - Average API/ISO Test Results By Product Size API RP19C API RP19C Result Result Recommended Result Result Recommended Test 20/40-mesh 30/50-mesh Specification 40/70-mesh 100-mesh Specification Sphericity 0.8 0.8 0.6 0.7 0.7 0.6 Roundness 0.7 0.7 0.6 0.6 0.6 0.6 Acid Solubility ) 0.3 0.3 2.0 0.3 No Test 3.0 Turbidity (NTU) 9 12 250 7 No Test 250 K-Value (000 psi) 6 7 - 8 No Test - Clusters None Observed None Observed NA None Observed None Observed NA Note: Currently, 70/140-mesh proppant sand material does not have an API/ISO specification. Table 5.3: Utica Year 2018 API/ISO Test Results for the Four Sized Samples The seven sized samples tested suggest that the Utica Mine could produce frac sands which meet minimum API/ISO recommended testing characteristics. BOYD notes that the Utica operation has a prior history of selling various frac sand sized products to oil 

5-5 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY service companies (Eagle Materials1 preacquisition by Smart Sand) and by Smart Sand thereafter. 5.4 Data Verification The December 31, 2021, reserve estimate for the Utica Property is based on historic drill hole data previously provided to BOYD by Smart Sand in the preparation of our prior reserve estimate. It is customary in preparing proppant sand resource and reserve estimates to accept basic drilling and quality testing data as provided by the client, subject to the reported results being judged representative and reasonable. As we have judged the drilling and quality data representative and reasonable, we opine that they are still representative and reasonable for use in the December 31, 2021, resource and reserve estimate. q:\eng_wp\3555.022 ss - ye 2022 s-k 1300\3555.022a - utica\ch-5 - exploration.docx 1 2020EM 2020 Annual Report and Form 10-K March 31, 2020, page 19. 

6-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 6.0 FRAC SAND RESOURCES AND RESERVES 6.1 Applicable Standards and Definitions Unless otherwise stated, frac sand resource and frac sand reserve estimates disclosed herein are completed in accordance with the standards and definitions provided by S-K 1300. It should be noted that BOYD considers the terms mineral and frac sand to be generally interchangeable within the relevant sections of S-K 1300. Estimates of any mineral resources and reserves are always subject to a degree of uncertainty. The level of confidence that can be applied to a particular estimate is a function of, among other things: the amount, quality, and completeness of exploration data; the geological complexity of the deposit; and economic, legal, social, and environmental factors associated with mining the resource/reserve. By assignment, BOYD used the definitions provided in S-K 1300 to describe the degree of uncertainty associated with the estimates reported herein. The definition of mineral (frac sand) resource provided by S-K 1300 is: Mineral resource is a concentration or occurrence of material of economic interest in or on the Earth's crust in such form, grade or quality, and quantity that there are reasonable prospects for economic extraction. A mineral resource is a reasonable estimate of mineralization, taking into account relevant factors such as cut-off grade, likely mining dimensions, location or continuity, that, with the assumed and justifiable technical and economic conditions, is likely to, in whole or in part, become economically extractable. It is not merely an inventory of all mineralization drilled or sampled. Estimates of frac sand resources are subdivided to reflect different levels of geological confidence into measured (highest geologic assurance), indicated, and inferred (lowest geologic assurance) The definition of mineral (frac sand) reserve provided by S-K 1300 is: Mineral reserve is an estimate of tonnage and grade or quality of indicated and measured mineral resources that, in the opinion of the qualified person, can be the basis of an economically viable project. More specifically, it is the economically mineable part of a measured or indicated mineral resource, which includes diluting materials and allowances for losses that may occur when the material is mined or extracted. 

6-2 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Estimates of frac sand reserves are subdivided to reflect geologic confidence, and potential uncertainties in the modifying factors, into proven (highest assurance) and probable. Figure 6.1 shows the relationship between frac sand resources and frac sand reserves. Figure 6.1: Relationship Between Frac Sand Resources and Frac Sand Reserves In this report, the term frac sand reserves represent the tonnage of frac sand products that meets customer specifications and will be available for sale after processing of the ROM sand. 6.2 Frac Sand Resources 6.2.1 Methodology BOYD had previously estimated the in-place frac sand resources on the property as of the date of acquisition by Smart Sand in September 2020. Incorporating our prior work, which is discussed below, BOYD independently prepared estimates of in-place frac sand resources for the Utica Property, as of December 31, 2021, by performing the following tasks: 1. Available product size distribution data and laboratory testing results, provided by Smart Sand, were compiled into a database for use in modeling the quality and quantity of the mineable sand underlying the Utica Property. The geologic database 

6-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY utilized 14 of 29 holes, those with complete information including, sieve size, overburden, and sand thickness data. The geologic data was imported into Carlson Software, a geologic modeling and mine planning software suite that is widely used and accepted by the mining industry. 2. A geologic model of the deposit was created in Carlson Software using industry-standard grid modeling methods well-suited for simple stratigraphic deposits, and for estimating overburden and sand volumes and associated product distribution. The geologic model delineates the top and bottom of the mineable sand horizon and the distribution of the product size fractions across the deposit. The top and bottom of the mineable frac sand interval were established as follows: a. Aerial mapping as of July 20, 2020, in conjunction with drilling data, was used as the basis for estimating overburden and sand volumes and associated product distribution in the Carlson geologic modeling program. It was reported to BOYD that no mining was undertaken on the property between July 20, 2020, the date of aerial photography, and September 18, 2020, the date of the acquisition. Accordingly, no adjustments were made for depletion for this period. b. As there is overburden material across the property, which ranges in thickness from 57 ft to 77 ft, the top of the mineable sand interval was defined as the base of the overburden material above the St. Peter sandstone unit. c. The bottom of the mineable sand interval was based primarily on a target mineable thickness of 90 ft. However, drill holes that exhibited higher concentrations of fine materials near their bottoms also defined what depths mining may be terminated. 3. After reviewing the continuity and variability of the deposit, suitable resources classification criteria were developed and applied as per the discussion in Section 6.2.2. 4. BOYD defined the mineable resources within the property as the area defined by management which included a mine plan. A viewshed was incorporated, which involved leaving an earthen berm constructed mainly of overburden and topsoil around the property in order to maintain a shielded view of the future mine from local roadways. Areas on the property that were excluded from being considered mineable were those that had fines and stormwater ponds, or processing facilities constructed, as well as areas directly underlying property boundary viewshed areas. Estimation of the in-place resources assumes mining operations using standard surface excavation equipment, which is widely utilized for mining of similar deposit types. As such, the estimates were subject to the following setbacks and slope requirements: a. 100 ft offset inside of the entire property boundary line. b. A final pit highwall slope of 80 degrees was applied from the top of the pit to the bottom of the mineable sandstone interval. c. The final pit floor was estimated to be at an elevation of between approximately 440 ft mean sea level (msl) and 460 ft msl. 

6-4 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 5. In-place volumes for each of the proposed mining blocks were calculated from the geologic model within Carlson Software. An in-place sandstone dry density of 127 pounds per cubic foot was used to convert the in-place sand volumes to short tons. 6. BOYD utilized provided production data, from the date of acquisition in September 2020 by Smart Sand, to reconcile the estimate from date of volumetric estimate to December 31, 2021. 6.2.2 Classification Geologic assuredness is established by the availability of both structural (thickness and elevation) and quality (size fraction) information for the deposit. Resource classification is generally based on the concentration or spacing of exploration data which can be used to demonstrate the geologic continuity of the deposit. When material variations in thickness, depth, and/or sand quality occur between drill holes, the allowable spacing distance between drill holes is reduced. The following drill hole spacing criteria were established by the Qualified Person after review of the available exploration data and geologic models and used to classify the frac sand resources of the Utica Property: Resource Spacing Requirement (ft) Classification (Nominal Maximum) Measured 1,500 (750 ft radius) Indicated 3,000 (1,500 ft radius) Table 6.1: Utica Property Drill Hole Spacing Parameters The Qualified Person has determined that nearly all of the estimated frac sand resources within the Utica Property are classified as either Measured or Indicated. BOYD is of the opinion that there is a low degree of uncertainty associated with each of the resource classifications. 6.2.3 Frac Sand Resource Estimate There are no reportable frac sand resources excluding those converted to frac sand reserves for the Utica Mine. Quantities of frac sand controlled by Smart Sand within the defined boundaries of the Utica Property which are not reported as frac sand reserves are not considered to have potential economic viability; as such, they are not reportable as frac sand resources. As a note, BOYD did not include the sand material located below the depths of the planned pit floor (between approximately 440 ft and 460 ft msl) in the resource estimate. There is the potential for some areas of this formation to be mineable to greater depths than used to define resources herein. The lower lying sandstone could potentially be 

6-5 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY evaluated for resource and reserve consideration in the future, provided additional exploration was conducted and subsequent mine planning was completed to determine the ability to extract the lower lying sand material safely and economically. 6.2.4 Validation BOYD independently estimated in-place frac sand resources for the Utica Mine based on the provided drilling, sampling, and testing data obtained from Smart Sand. Utilizing industry-standard grid modeling techniques we have estimated volumes of frac sand indicated by such data. Based on our review of the information provided by Smart Sand, we are of the opinion that the data provided are reasonable and appropriate. Furthermore, it is our opinion that the estimation methods employed are both appropriate and reasonable for the deposit type and proposed extraction methods. 6.3 Frac Sand Reserves 6.3.1 Methodology Estimates of frac sand reserves for the Utica Mine were derived contemporaneously with estimates of frac sand resources. To derive an estimate of saleable product tons (proven and probable frac sand reserves), the following modifying factors were applied to the in-place measured and indicated frac sand resources underlying the respective mine plan areas: A 95 mining recovery factor, which assumes that 5 of the mineable (in-place) frac sand resource will not be recovered for various reasons. Applying this recovery factor to the in-place resource results in the estimated ROM sand tonnage that will be delivered to the wet process plant. An overall 81 processing recovery. This recovery factor accounts for losses in the wet and dry plants. This recovery factor accounts for removal of out-sized (i.e., larger than 20-mesh and smaller than 100-mesh) sand and losses in the wet and dry processing plants due to minor inefficiencies. The overall product yield (after mining and processing losses) for the Utica Mine is estimated at 77 . That is, for every 100 tons of in-place frac sand resources mined, approximately 77 tons will be recovered and sold as product. At the request of Smart Sand, BOYD utilized actual/estimated production data, provided by Smart Sand, from the date of acquisition in September 2020 through December 31, 2021, to reconcile the estimate from the date of volumetric estimate to December 31, 2021. 

6-6 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY As previously noted, there are no reportable frac sand resource tons. However, Table 6.2 provides insight into the frac sand in-place resources tons that would be eventually mined and converted into frac sand product tons for the Utica Mine. The frac sand product tons are equivalent to the total reserve tons as of December 31, 2021, for the Utica Mine. Utica Property In-Place, ROM and Product Tons Tons (000) In-Place (a) ROM (b) Product (c) Measured 124,087 117,883 96,464 Indicated 42,379 40,260 32,347 Total 166,466 158,143 128,811 a: In-place tons calculated using an in situ dry density of 127 pcf. b: Run-of-Mine tons calculated using a 94.8 mining recovery. c: Product tons calculated using 77 processing recoveries. Table 6.2: Mineable and Reserve Tons as of December 31, 2021 6.3.2 Classification Proven and probable frac sand reserves are derived from measured and indicated frac sand resources, respectively, in accordance with S-K 1300. BOYD is satisfied that the frac sand reserve classification reflects the outcome of technical and economic studies. Figure 6.2 illustrates the reserve classification of the Utica Property frac sand deposit. 6.3.3 Frac Sand Reserve Estimate Smart Sand s estimated surface mineable frac sand reserves for the Utica Property total 128.8 million saleable product tons, as of December 31, 2021. The following table presents the estimated Reserve tons by product (size) owned in fee, which are anticipated to be produced at Smart Sand s Utica Property. Estimated Reserve Tons By Classification as of December 31, 2021 Tons (000) 20/40-Mesh 40/70-Mesh 70/100-Mesh Total Proven 28,443 55,384 12,637 96,464 Probable 8,781 18,984 4,582 32,347 Total 37,224 74,368 17,219 128,811 Table 6.3: Reserves as of December 31, 2021 Of the total frac sand reserves for the Utica Mine as of December 31, 2021, it is our conclusion that approximately 75 of the stated reserves can be classified on the proven reliability category (the highest level of assurance) with the reminder classified as probable. 

6-8 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY The estimated product distribution of the frac sand reserves is based on available laboratory gradation test data provided by Smart Sand. Grain size distribution and overall yields may vary based on the depth and location at which mining occurs. The Utica Property, and other frac sand operations in the area, have a well-established history of mining and selling frac sand products into the various energy basin fields. BOYD has assessed that sufficient studies have been undertaken to enable the frac sand resources to be converted to frac sand reserves based on current and proposed operating methods and practices. Changes in the factors and assumptions employed in these studies may materially affect the frac sand reserve estimate. The extent to which the frac sand reserves may be affected by any known geological, operational, environmental, permitting, legal, title, variation, socio-economic, marketing, political, or other relevant issues has been reviewed as warranted. It is the opinion of BOYD that Smart Sand has appropriately mitigated, or has the operational acumen to mitigate, the risks associated with these factors. BOYD is not aware of any additional risks that could materially affect the development of the frac sand reserves. Based on our independent estimate and operations review, we have a high degree of confidence that the estimates shown in this report accurately represent the available frac sand reserves controlled by Smart Sand, as of December 31, 2021. q:\eng_wp\3555.022 ss - ye 2022 s-k 1300\3555.022a - utica\ch-6 - mineral resources and reserves.docx 

7-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 7.0 MINING OPERATIONS 7.1 Mining Method The Utica Mine produces approximately 800,000 to 1 million tons of finished product per year. The quarry exploits the St. Peter sandstone formation which is extensively mined in the Ottawa-Utica, Illinois area. To produce 800,000 tons of frac sand product, approximately 1 million tons of ROM sand is uncovered, drilled, blasted, and then hauled to the slurry plant. Conventional excavators, front-end loaders, articulated haul trucks and dozers are used to strip the overburden and recover the sand. Initially, 50 ft to 75 ft of overburden is removed prior to exposing the approximately 90 ft thick sand formation. The majority of the overburden is excavatable with the exception of thin caprock above the sand which requires drill and blast. Approximately 60,000 tons per month of overburden is stripped, mainly on the day shift, and hauled and dumped into the mined-out area of the pit. Approximately one 90-ft high bench of sandstone is blasted per month. The drilling and blasting is contracted to a third party. A continuous 90 ft shot (no decking) on a 20 ft x 20 ft pattern is generally utilized. The night shift predominantly loads and hauls the sand to the dump hopper. Approximately 6,000 to 9,000 tons of ROM sand is generally hauled per 10-hour shift. 

7-2 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Figure 7.1 below illustrates the stripping bench and the sand bench from the rim of the pit. The operation has numerous dewatering pumps to maintain the working pit. The mine plan in Section 7.3.3 illustrates the yearly advancement of the pit. Figure 7.1: Utica Quarry Pit looking North 7.2 Mine Schedule, Equipment, and Staffing Currently the mine pit operates two, 10-hour shifts, four days per week resulting in a 40-hour work week per shift. A 10-hour Friday shift is added if needed. Generally, there are seven employees on the day shift and five employees on the night shift. Stripping is generally completed during the day shift and sand is hauled to the wet plant at night. Day shift primary equipment consists of: Four 40T articulated haul trucks. Three Various size front-end loaders. One Deere 870 excavator. One Grade One Dozer. 

7-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY In addition, there are numerous support vehicles (maintenance trucks, skid steers, water truck, etc.) to complement the fleet. The mine, plants and loadout operate year around. The entire complex employs approximately 54 employees. 7.3 Mine Production 7.3.1 Historical Mine Production Utica predominantly produces 20/40-mesh, 30/50-mesh, 40/70-mesh and 70/140-mesh (100-mesh) frac sand products for sale to destinations served by predominantly the Burlington Northern Railway. The majority of the finished product is railed to the final destination after trucked and loaded onto rail at their nearby Peru, Illinois loadout facility. The sand is mined, processed, stored, and shipped from one contiguous property. Production from the operation commenced in mid-2012. Recent historic ROM production is as follows: Table 7.1: Historic ROM Production Year Finished Tons (000) 2019 n/a 2020 722 2021 1,136 est Acquired partial year 7.3.2 Forecasted Production Forecasted ROM sand production is estimated as follows: Table 7.2: Forecasted ROM Production Tons Year 2022 Year 2023 Year 2024 Year 2025 Year 2026 ROM Production tons (000) 982 982 982 982 982 The average process yield is reported to be 81.5 ; as such, 982,000 ROM tons are expected to produce approximately 800,000 tons of finished product. 

7-4 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 7.3.3 Expected Mine Life As of December 31, 2021, reserves for the Utica Mine are estimated at 129 million saleable tons. Projecting an average yearly sales volume of 800,000 tons per year, the operation has a LOM of approximately 161 years. Figure 7.2: Utica Proposed Mine Plan The illustration above depicts the proposed LOM plan for the Utica Mine. The LOM plan assumes a steady-state sales volume in the 800,000 product tons per year range for approximately 150 years through year 2172. Future mine plan production, and hence the longevity of the mine, is directly related to energy market demand for proppant sand. Actual yearly production volumes may, and are likely to, fluctuate significantly based on this demand. 7.3.4 Mining Risk Surface mines face two primary types of operational risks. The first category of risk includes those daily variations in physical mining conditions, mechanical failures, and 

7-5 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY operational activities that can temporarily disrupt production activities. Several examples are as follows: Water accumulations/soft floor conditions. Process water shortages. Power curtailments. Variations in grain size consistency. Encountering excessive clay and other waste material. Failures or breakdowns of operating equipment and supporting infrastructure. Weather disruptions (power outages, dust storms, excessive heat etc.). The above conditions/circumstances can adversely affect production on any given day, but are not regarded as risk issues relative to the long-term operation of a mining entity. Instead, these are considered nuisance items that, while undesirable, are encountered on a periodic basis at many mining operations. BOYD does not regard the issues listed above as being material to the Utica Mine operations or otherwise compromising its forecasted performance. The second type of risk is categorized as event risk. Items in this category are rare but include significant occurrences that are confined to an individual mine, and ultimately have a pronounced impact on production activities and corresponding financial outcomes. Examples of event risks are major fires or explosions, floods, or unforeseen geological anomalies that disrupt extensive areas of proposed or operating mine workings and require alterations of mining plans. Such an event can result in the cessation of production activities for an undefined but extended period (measured in months, and perhaps years) and/or result in the sterilization of frac sand reserves. This type of risk is minimal in a relatively simple surface sand mining operation. q:\eng_wp\3555.022 ss - ye 2022 s-k 1300\3555.022a - utica\ch-7 - mining operations.docx 

8-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 8.0 PROCESSING OPERATIONS 8.1 Overview The Utica plant area commenced wash plant operations in 2014. Initially, the work in process sand was railed to a dry process plant in Corpus Christi, Texas. In 2018, a 1.6 million tons per year dry process plant was constructed on site and is currently utilized. The ROM sand material is hauled to an in-pit feed hopper where it is slurried and pumped to an enclosed wet process plant. 8.1.1 Wet Plant Figure 8.1 below shows the enclosed wet plant where the material between 20-mesh and 140-mesh is classified and pumped onward to the dry process plant at the northeast end of the property. The waste 

8-2 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 8.1.2 Decant/Dry Plant The slurried WIP (20/140-mesh) material is pumped to an enclosed decant shed for dewatering prior to entering the dryer. A drag chain arrangement reclaims dryer sand from the top of the decant pile and conveys the sand to a 250 tph natural gas fired dryer. Dry sand is then screened into predominantly 20/40-mesh, 30/50-mesh,40/70-mesh, and 70/140-mesh (100-mesh) finished products. The finished products are stored in four 2,000-ton truck loadout silos. All product leaves the plant via truck. Several industrial customers truck the sand directly to their plants. The majority of the product is trucked to a nearby Peru, Illinois rail loadout servicing the Burlington Northern Railway. The dry plant operates 20 hours per day, four to five days per week. Approximately 54 people work at the Utica Facility. Figure 8.2: Decant Shed and Dry Processing Plant 8.2 Conclusion Based on our review of the Utica Mine, it is BOYD s opinion that the processing methods and existing equipment at the plant will be sufficient for the planned production of frac sand. q:\eng_wp\3555.022 ss - ye 2022 s-k 1300\3555.022a - utica\ch-8 - processing operations.docx 

9-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 9.0 MINE INFRASTRUCTURE The Utica Mine is serviced by three phase power that is routed along US highway 6, which runs north of the northern property line. The pipeline providing natural gas supply for the drying equipment is also routed along this corridor. Plant process water is supplied by water collected in the pit and ponds. Additionally, the wash process water is recycled after fines are removed via settling with a flocculent in a thickener and series of constructed ponds. As the mine progresses, silt ponds are constructed in mined-out areas. Wastewater from offices and other buildings are collected via a municipal sewer line. Potable water is provided by public water supply. On-site facilities include a scale house, office, shop, and a quality laboratory located in the dry process plant. The operation employs approximately 54 people and staffing varies based on production demand. The surface facilities currently located at the mine are well constructed and have the necessary capacity/capabilities to support the Utica Mine s near-term operating plans. Operational preference may lead to the upgrading of some existing facilities if the operation expands in the future. q:\eng_wp\3555.022 ss - ye 2022 s-k 1300\3555.022a - utica\ch-9 - infrastructure.docx 

10-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 10.0 MARKET ANALYSIS The frac sand market is driven by unconventional horizontal drilling in the oil and gas industry. In the late 1990s, rapid advances in horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing (fracking) in North America ushered in large-scale commercial oil and gas production. This fracking technique has been increasingly successful and modified over time to extract oil and gas held in dense layers of shale rocks, whose low permeability had previously prevented the flow of hydrocarbons. Hydraulic fracturing uses a mixture of water, chemicals, and proppant (natural sand or man-made sand-like substances) to fracture shale rock and release hydrocarbons such as oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids. The proppant acts to keep the fractures open (prop) while the pressurized fluids flow back up the well piping. Wells have become more productive with the addition of horizontal drilling capabilities, longer lateral lengths, and multi-stage fracks. North America s shale oil industry s growing competitiveness gained through continuous technology improvement and falling production costs have had major implications on the global energy market. Oilfield service companies, including frac sand producers, made significant cuts in 2020 to survive lower commodity prices because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Figure 10.1 illustrates the CME Group s West Texas Intermediate (WTI) Crude Oil Annual Average Futures Price. We estimate breakeven pricing for unconventional oil wells in the Permian to be in the 30 to 40 per barrel range, with some areas in the mid 20s per barrel. 2021 WTI futures pricing showed a strong recovery following the 2020 COVID-19 impact. 30.00 35.00 40.00 45.00 50.00 55.00 60.00 65.00 70.00 75.00 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 WTI Crude Oil CME Futures Price /bbl) Figure 10.1: WTI Crude Oil CME Futures Price 

10-2 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Although Smart Sand s market area is essentially all of the energy basins in the United States and western Canada, we have selectively focused on the Permian, Appalachian, and Denver-Joulesberg (DJ) as these are target markets for their frac sand. The Oakdale Mine has advantaged delivered cost to the western basins like the DJ as the Oakdale Mine directly loads onto the Canadian Pacific Railway, a very competitive option for westbound sand to the DJ. Oakdale also owns a loadout near the mine which enables them to load directly on the Union Pacific Railway, the favored Permian basin rail. The Utica Mine has access to their nearby Burlington Northern rail loadout which greatly complements the Oakdale facility, especially when moving product to the Appalachian (Marcellus-Utica) basin. Therefore, a high-level overview of demand in these basins follows. 10.1 Permian Basin Permit submissions for horizontal oil and gas wells in the Permian indicate a continuation of strong drilling ahead. According to InfillThinking, the number of permits filed per working rig this summer is tracking at multi-year highs as evidenced in Figure 10.2 below. Figure 10.2: Permian Basin HZ Permit Submissions vs. Rigs 

10-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Over the previous 52 weeks, rig counts in the Permian are up approximately 111 . This has led to increased production for both crude oil and natural gas. For the same time period, crude oil (barrels per day) and natural gas production (thousand cubic feet per day) in the Permian are up 10 and 9 , respectively. As Figure 10.3 illustrates, Permian daily crude oil production is nearing its pre-pandemic impacted peak, while daily natural gas production in the Permian continues to make new records and now stands at 18.6 billion cubic feet per day. Figure 10.3: Permian Oil Production and Natural Gas Production According to U.S. Energy Information Administration Drilling Productivity Report, drilled but uncompleted wells (DUCs) in the Permian Basin have declined 43 since peaking in July 2020 (refer to Figure 10.4). These data dovetail with increased crude oil and natural gas production in the basin. Figure 10.4: Permian Drilled but Uncompleted Wells Although a majority of this large basin s sand is sourced from local sand mines, Northern White, Oakdale quality sand remains an important product for many well applications. - 1,000,000 2,000,000 3,000,000 4,000,000 5,000,000 6,000,000 Ja n- 19 Fe b- 19 M ar -1 9 Ap r- 19 M ay -1 9 Ju n- 19 Ju l-1 9 Au g- 19 Se p- 19 O ct -1 9 N ov -1 9 De c- 19 Ja n- 20 Fe b- 20 M ar -2 0 Ap r- 20 M ay -2 0 Ju n- 20 Ju l-2 0 Au g- 20 Se p- 20 O ct -2 0 N ov -2 0 De c- 20 Ja n- 21 Fe b- 21 M ar -2 1 Ap r- 21 M ay -2 1 Ju n- 21 Ju l-2 1 Au g- 21 Permian Oil Production (bbl/d) - 2,000,000 4,000,000 6,000,000 8,000,000 10,000,000 12,000,000 14,000,000 16,000,000 18,000,000 20,000,000 Ja n- 19 Fe b- 19 M ar -1 9 Ap r- 19 M ay -1 9 Ju n- 19 Ju l-1 9 Au g- 19 Se p- 19 O ct -1 9 N ov -1 9 De c- 19 Ja n- 20 Fe b- 20 M ar -2 0 Ap r- 20 M ay -2 0 Ju n- 20 Ju l-2 0 Au g- 20 Se p- 20 O ct -2 0 N ov -2 0 De c- 20 Ja n- 21 Fe b- 21 M ar -2 1 Ap r- 21 M ay -2 1 Ju n- 21 Ju l-2 1 Au g- 21 Permian Natural Gas Production (Mcf/d) - 500 1,000 1,500 2,000 2,500 3,000 3,500 4,000 Ja n- 19 Fe b- 19 M ar -1 9 Ap r- 19 M ay -1 9 Ju n- 19 Ju l-1 9 Au g- 19 Se p- 19 O ct -1 9 N ov -1 9 De c- 19 Ja n- 20 Fe b- 20 M ar -2 0 Ap r- 20 M ay -2 0 Ju n- 20 Ju l-2 0 Au g- 20 Se p- 20 O ct -2 0 N ov -2 0 De c- 20 Ja n- 21 Fe b- 21 M ar -2 1 Ap r- 21 M ay -2 1 Ju n- 21 Ju l-2 1 Au g- 21 Permian Drilled but Uncompleted Wells 

10-4 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 10.2 Appalachian Basin (Marcellus/Utica Play) and Niobrara Basin Although smaller in size than the Permian energy fields, the Appalachian and Nioobrara (DJ) are substantial natural gas and oil plays in North America. Unlike the Permian, the Appalachian and Niobrara import the vast majority of the frac sand. Very few notable in-basin sand operations exist. This creates an advantaged situation for the Oakdale and Utica mines as they are advantaged, transport wise to the basin and there are few substitutes for NWS. Following the energy downturn in 2019 and then Covid shutdown in 2020, the basin wellfield activity appears to be rebounding. Horizontal rigs have stabilized over the past two years as can be seen on Figure 10.5, but gas production per rig is substantially higher. Energy companies are drilling longer laterals and optimizing each well pad becoming more efficient from a cost perspective and overall natural gas production is stable as can be seen from Figure 10.6. Figure 10.5: Appalachian Rig Count and Production per Rig (Source: EIA) 

10-5 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Figure 10.6: Appalachian Gas Production (Source: EIA) Similarly, the DJ basin has seen a rebound in rig count since the Covid shutdown. Both gas and oil rig counts have risen but productivity per well has decreased as can be seen in Figure 10.7. Figure 10.7: Niobrara Oil and Gas Rig Count and Productivity (Source: EIA) 

10-6 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Overall gas and oil production remains relatively flat in the basin, but more wells are being drilled to maintain this capacity. Figure 10.8 illustrates the overall yearly gas and oil production in the basin. Figure 10.8: Niobrara Oil and Gas Production (Source: EIA) Having survived the challenging environment of 2019 and 2020, Smart Sand s operations should continue to prove viable into the future notwithstanding a sustained and significant energy price collapse. Their low-cost mining scheme, advantaged transport to select basins, and high-quality product help to create an advantage compared with other NWS producers. Q:\ENG_WP\3555.022 SS - YE 2022 S-K 1300\3555.022A - Utica\CH-10 - Market Analysis.docx 

11-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 11.0 CAPITAL, REVENUES, AND OPERATING COSTS 11.1 Introduction Smart Sand acquired the Utica operation from Eagle Materials on September 18, 2020. Smart Sand provided BOYD with production, sales, CapEx, and financial data for the period September 2020 through September 2021. BOYD will not present any pre-acquisition data for the Utica operation. 11.2 Historical Capital Expenditures Table 11.1 below, presents CapEx for the period September 2020 through September 2021. CapEx 000) Year 2020 - Sep YTD 2021 257 Total 257 Utica acquired on September 18, 2020 Utica operation only, excludes transload sites and other locatons/activities. Table 11.1: Historical Capital Expenditures 11.3 Historical Revenues and Operating Costs 11.3.1 Historical Sales Table 11.2 presents Smart Sand s historical sales data for the period September 2020 through September 2021. Year 2020 SepYTD2021 Tons Sold (000) 106 564 Total Revenues 000) (a) 2,256 11,553 Average Sales Price per ton sold) 21.33 20.48 Acquired in September 2020 Table 11.2: Historical Sales Statistics Figure 11.1 presents the product sizes sold as a percent of total tons sold. In 2021, about 65 of the tons sold consists of the finer size products, 40/70-mesh and finer, with 

11-2 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY about 35 of the products sold consisting of the coarser 20/40 and 30/50-mesh products. Figure 11.1: Product Size as a Percentage of Total Tons Sold Since the acquisition in September 2020 and through September 2021, the Utica operation has had only spot sales. In 2021, the Top 5 Customers (as a group) represented 91 of their total revenues. Table 11.3 presents Utica s historical cash operating costs for the short year 2020, and September YTD 2021. Operating costs represent the costs incurred associated with the mining, ongoing reclamation, wet processing, dry processing, trucking to the off-site rail loadout, off-site rail loadout (Peru), and other related costs. (000) per ton sold Cash Operating Costs Year 2020 SepYTD2021 Year 2020 SepYTD2021 Wages and benefits 566 3,391 5.35 6.15 Excavation 50 859 0.47 1.56 Utilities 134 1,061 1.26 1.93 Equipment 78 342 0.74 0.62 Maintenance 154 551 1.46 1.00 Peru Trucking - 1,075 - 1.95 Real Estate taxes - 415 - 0.75 Other Costs (a) (2) 49 (0.02) 0.09 Total Cash Operating Costs 980 7,742 9.27 14.05 Note Rounding Errors Acquired in September 2020 Table 11.3: Historical Cost of Production 0.0 10.0 20.0 30.0 40.0 50.0 60.0 70.0 80.0 90.0 Year 2020 Sep YTD 2021 Product Size as of Tons Sold 30/50-Mesh and Coarser 40/70-Mesh 100-Mesh 

11-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 11.4 Projected Production, Sales, and Costs Smart Sand provided BOYD with production, sales, and cost projections for the Utica operation. We reviewed and adjusted the price and cost projections based on historical financial data. Forecasted financial data, product pricing, and costs are in 2021 constant dollars. BOYD opines that the production and financial projections are reasonable and are likely to be within 20 accuracy level. 11.4.1 Production and Sales Projections Table 11.4 below, presents frac sand production projections for the years 2022 through 2027. Year 2022 Year 2023 Year 2024 Year 2025 Year 2026 ROM Production (000) 982 982 982 982 982 Wet Plant Feed 982 982 982 982 982 Processing Recovery ) 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 Wet Plant Product 825 825 825 825 825 Dry Plant Feed 825 825 825 825 825 Processing Recovery ) 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 Dry Plant Product 800 800 800 800 800 Table 11.4: Utica Production Projections Annual forecasted ROM production is based on the dry plant producing 0.8 million tons per year of saleable product after a processing (wet and dry processing plant) loss of approximately 18.5 , as discussed in Chapter 6. Forecasted dry processing plant production is within the operation s current infrastructure capacities and capabilities. Table 11.5 below, presents frac sand sales projections for the years 2022 through 2026. Year 2022 Year 2023 Year 2024 Year 2025 Year 2026 Tons Sold (000) 800 800 800 800 800 40/70-Mesh and coarser 694 694 694 694 694 70/100-Mesh 106 106 106 106 106 Revenues 000) 16,000 16,000 16,000 16,000 16,000 Product Pricing per ton sold) Average Price for all products 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 Table 11.5: Utica Sales Projections Sales of the projected dry processing plant product are about 13 for 70/100-mesh product and approximately 87 for the remaining suite of products (20/40, 30/50, and 

11-4 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 40/70-mesh). These are in-line with the reserve product size data provided by Smart Sand. BOYD used a mine gate sales price of 20.00 per ton, which is slightly less than the current year (2021) average pricing of 20.48 per ton. BOYD opines that these are reasonable price projections, as they are in-line with Smart Sand s mine gate pricing data for 2021. 11.4.2 Operating Cost Projections Table 11.6 below, presents the cash cost projections for the years 2022 through 2026. These projections were based on a review of prior year and current year cost, and Selling, General and Administrative (SG A) data provided to BOYD by Smart Sand, as well as other information. Summary Cash Cost of Goods Sold 000): Cash Operating Expense Year 2022 Year 2023 Year 2024 Year 2025 Year 2026 Wages and benefits 4,800 4,800 4,800 4,800 4,800 Excavation 1,248 1,248 1,248 1,248 1,248 Utilities 1,544 1,544 1,544 1,544 1,544 Equipment 456 456 456 456 456 Maintenance 800 800 800 800 800 Peru Trucking 1,560 1,560 1,560 1,560 1,560 Real Estate taxes 600 600 600 600 600 Other Costs 72 72 72 72 72 Subtotal Cash Operating Expense 11,080 11,080 11,080 11,080 11,080 SG A 1,136 1,136 1,136 1,136 1,136 Final Reclamation Escrow 54 54 54 54 54 Total Cash Cost of Goods Sold 12,270 12,270 12,270 12,270 12,270 Table 11.6: Annual Cash Cost Projections BOYD notes that the Utica Property has no royalty expense as it is owned in fee. Smart Sand provided BOYD with the current estimated final reclamation cost (approximately 8.6 million) of the Utica operation/sites. BOYD calculated a rate of approximately 0.07 per ton sold to recognize the current estimated cost over the life of the operation. 

11-5 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Table 11.7 below, presents the above table s cost projections on a cost per ton sold basis for the years 2022 through 2026. Summary Cash Cost of Goods Sold per ton sold): Cash Operating Expense Year 2022 Year 2023 Year 2024 Year 2025 Year 2026 Wages and benefits 6.00 6.00 6.00 6.00 6.00 Excavation 1.56 1.56 1.56 1.56 1.56 Utilities 1.93 1.93 1.93 1.93 1.93 Equipment 0.57 0.57 0.57 0.57 0.57 Maintenance 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 Peru Trucking 1.95 1.95 1.95 1.95 1.95 Real Estate taxes 0.75 0.75 0.75 0.75 0.75 Other Costs 0.09 0.09 0.09 0.09 0.09 Subtotal Cash Operating Expense 13.85 13.85 13.85 13.85 13.85 SG A 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 Final Reclamation Escrow 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 Total Cash Cost of Goods Sold 15.34 15.34 15.34 15.34 15.34 Table 11.7: Annual Dollars per Ton Sold Cash Cost Projections 11.4.3 Projected Capital Expenditures Smart Sand provided BOYD with the annual sustaining CapEx estimate of 1 million, which includes maintenance of production equipment as well as other items for the operation. q:\eng_wp\3555.022 ss - ye 2022 s-k 1300\3555.022a - utica\ch-11 - capital and operating costs.docx 

12-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 12.0 ECONOMIC ANALYSIS 12.1 Introduction Cash flow projections for the Utica operation have been generated from the proposed LOM production schedules, revenues, cost of goods sold (COGS), and CapEx estimates discussed in Chapter 11. A summary of the key assumptions used is provided below. LOM ROM frac sand tons and product tons sold were based on the total frac sand reserve estimates discussed in Chapter 6 of this report. BOYD estimates that the Utica operation reserves would be depleted in Year 2182. Forecasted revenues at the Peru off-site loadout (mine gate) are based on sales of 20/40, 30/50, 40/70, and 70/100-mesh size products to be delivered to its customer base in the various energy basins via the BNSF railway or other connecting rail carriers. Operating and Other Costs (as discussed in Chapter 11) include: Employee wages, and benefits. Excavation. Utilities. Equipment. Maintenance. Peru Trucking Costs. Real Estate Taxes. Other Operating Expenses. SG A. Reclamation costs include: Final reclamation cost to reclaim the Utica operation/sites. Capital Expenditures (as discussed in Chapter 11) include: Sustaining/Maintenance. Taxes are based on: Federal Business Income Tax Rate of 21 . Illinois Corporate Income and Replacement Tax Rate of 9.5 (reduced to 7.3 after Year 2024). Adjustments used to determine After-Tax cash flows: Current depreciation expense was provided by Smart Sand for the Utica operation. 

12-2 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY Depreciation expense, for new fixed assets (from sustaining/maintenance CapEx), is based on a straight-line depreciation calculation using a 10-year asset life. Operating losses, if any, are carried forward in the tax computation. 12.2 Economic Analysis BOYD prepared an economic analysis, as of January 1, 2022, for the Utica Operation using the production, sales, and financial projections presented in this report. Our analysis confirms that the operation generates positive cash flows (based on a 12 discount rate), on a pre-tax and after-tax basis, that supports the statement of frac sand reserves herein. 12.2.1 Cash Flow Analysis Table 12.1 below presents the pre-tax and after-tax cash flow projections based on the proposed LOM production schedule, revenue, COGS, CapEx and other estimates discussed above for the Utica operation. Summary Cash Flow Statement 000) 2022 2032 2042 2052 2062 2072 2082 2092 2102 2112 2122 to 2031 to 2041 to 2051 to 2061 to 2071 to 2081 to 2091 to 2101 to 2111 to 2121 to 2182 Total Total Tons Sold (000) 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 48,811 128,811 Revenues 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 976,220 2,576,220 COGS 122,696 122,856 123,016 123,176 123,336 123,496 123,656 123,816 123,976 124,136 767,135 2,001,295 CapEx 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 61,014 161,014 Net Pre-Tax Cash Flow 27,304 27,144 26,984 26,824 26,664 26,504 26,344 26,184 26,024 25,864 148,071 413,911 Federal and State Income Taxes 2,856 7,681 7,636 7,591 7,546 7,501 7,455 7,410 7,365 7,320 40,631 110,992 After-Tax Net Cash Flow 24,448 19,463 19,348 19,233 19,118 19,003 18,889 18,774 18,659 18,544 107,441 302,920 Table 12.1: Summary Cash Flow Statement DCF-NPV on a pre-tax and after-tax basis, using discount rates of 10 , 12 , and 15 , were calculated utilizing the cash flows above. The DCF-NPV values used mid-year discounting and all cash flows were on a constant dollar basis. 

12-3 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY The pre-tax DCF-NPV ranges from approximately 19.5 million to 28.5 million. The after-tax DCF-NPV ranges from approximately 16.8 million to 23.8 million. Table 12.2 summarizes the results of the pre-tax and after-tax DCF-NPV analyses: DCF-NPV 000) 10 12 15 Pre-Tax 28,531 24,013 19,483 After-Tax 23,797 20,347 16,824 Table 12.2: DCF-NPV Refer to Table 12.3 on the next page for the detailed LOM cash flow analysis and corresponding pre-tax and after-tax DCF-NPV analyses at a 12 discount rate. BOYD notes that the NPV estimate was made for purposes of confirming the economic viability of the reported frac sand reserves and not for purposes of valuing Smart Sand, the Utica operation, or its assets. IRR and project payback were not calculated, as there was no initial investment considered in the financial model. Risk is subjective, as such, BOYD recommends that each reader should evaluate the project based on their own investment criteria. 12.2.2 Sensitivity Analyses Sensitivity analyses for the pre-tax and after-tax cash flows considering changes to revenues and COGS/CapEx were prepared using discount rates of 10 , 12 , and 15 . Revenues were adjusted in increments of 5 and range from minus 20 to plus 20 of base revenues; the corresponding weighted average sales price would range from 16.00 per ton sold to 24.00 per ton sold, with the base price of 20.00 per ton sold as noted in Table 12.4 below. Average Sales Price per ton sold -20.0 -15.0 -10.0 -5.0 0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 16.00 17.00 18.00 19.00 20.00 21.00 22.00 23.00 24.00 Table 12.4: Sensitivity Analysis Average Sales Prices Costs were adjusted in increments of 5 and range from minus 20 to plus 20 of base costs. 

TABLE 12.3 PRE-TAX AND AFTER-TAX CASH FLOW ANALYSIS SMART SAND - UTICA OPERATION LaSalle County, Illinios Prepared For SMART SAND, INC By John T. Boyd Company Mining and Geological Consultants February 2024 2032 2042 2052 2062 2072 2082 2092 2102 2112 2122 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 to 2041 to 2051 to 2061 to 2071 to 2081 to 2091 to 2101 to 2111 to 2121 to 2182 Total Production Statistics (Tons 000): ROM Production off Fee Property 982 982 982 982 982 982 982 982 982 982 9,822 9,822 9,822 9,822 9,822 9,822 9,822 9,822 9,822 59,924 158,143 Processing Statistics (Tons 000): Wet Plant Feed 982 982 982 982 982 982 982 982 982 982 9,822 9,822 9,822 9,822 9,822 9,822 9,822 9,822 9,822 59,927 158,145 Processing Recovery ) 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 84.0 Wet Plant Product 825 825 825 825 825 825 825 825 825 825 8,247 8,247 8,247 8,247 8,247 8,247 8,247 8,247 8,247 50,321 132,795 Dry Plant Feed 825 825 825 825 825 825 825 825 825 825 8,247 8,247 8,247 8,247 8,247 8,247 8,247 8,247 8,247 50,321 132,795 Processing Recovery ) 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 97.0 Dry Plant Product 800 800 800 800 800 800 800 800 800 800 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 48,811 128,811 Overall Processing Recovery ) 81.5 81.5 81.5 81.5 81.5 81.5 81.5 81.5 81.5 81.5 81.5 81.5 81.5 81.5 81.5 81.5 81.5 81.5 81.5 81.5 81.5 Sales and Financial Data: Saleable Product Tons Sold (000): 40/70-Mesh and coarser 693 693 693 693 693 693 693 693 693 693 6,930 6,930 6,930 6,930 6,930 6,930 6,930 6,930 6,930 42,250 111,550 70/100-Mesh 107 107 107 107 107 107 107 107 107 107 1,070 1,070 1,070 1,070 1,070 1,070 1,070 1,070 1,070 6,561 17,261 Total Tons Sold 800 800 800 800 800 800 800 800 800 800 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 48,811 128,811 Product Pricing per ton) 40/70-Mesh and coarser 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 70/100-Mesh 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 Weighted Average 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 Revenues 000) 40/70-Mesh and coarser 13,860 13,860 13,860 13,860 13,860 13,860 13,860 13,860 13,860 13,860 138,600 138,600 138,600 138,600 138,600 138,600 138,600 138,600 138,600 845,000 2,231,000 70/100-Mesh 2,140 2,140 2,140 2,140 2,140 2,140 2,140 2,140 2,140 2,140 21,400 21,400 21,400 21,400 21,400 21,400 21,400 21,400 21,400 131,220 345,220 Total Sales Revenues 16,000 16,000 16,000 16,000 16,000 16,000 16,000 16,000 16,000 16,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 160,000 976,220 2,576,220 COGS 000): Cash Operating Expense: Wages and benefits 4,800 4,800 4,800 4,800 4,800 4,800 4,800 4,800 4,800 4,800 48,000 48,000 48,000 48,000 48,000 48,000 48,000 48,000 48,000 297,600 777,600 Excavation 1,248 1,248 1,248 1,248 1,248 1,248 1,248 1,248 1,248 1,248 12,480 12,480 12,480 12,480 12,480 12,480 12,480 12,480 12,480 76,145 200,945 Utilities 1,544 1,544 1,544 1,544 1,544 1,544 1,544 1,544 1,544 1,544 15,440 15,440 15,440 15,440 15,440 15,440 15,440 15,440 15,440 94,205 248,605 Equipment 456 456 456 456 456 456 456 456 456 456 4,560 4,560 4,560 4,560 4,560 4,560 4,560 4,560 4,560 28,272 73,872 Maintenance 800 800 800 800 800 800 800 800 800 800 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 48,811 128,811 Peru Trucking 1,560 1,560 1,560 1,560 1,560 1,560 1,560 1,560 1,560 1,560 15,600 15,600 15,600 15,600 15,600 15,600 15,600 15,600 15,600 95,181 251,181 Real Estate taxes 600 600 600 600 600 600 600 600 600 600 6,000 6,000 6,000 6,000 6,000 6,000 6,000 6,000 6,000 37,200 97,200 Other Costs 72 72 72 72 72 72 72 72 72 72 880 1,040 1,200 1,360 1,520 1,680 1,840 2,000 2,160 17,140 31,540 Total Cash Operating Expense 11,080 11,080 11,080 11,080 11,080 11,080 11,080 11,080 11,080 11,080 110,960 111,120 111,280 111,440 111,600 111,760 111,920 112,080 112,240 694,554 1,809,754 per ROM ton 11.28 11.28 11.28 11.28 11.28 11.28 11.28 11.28 11.28 11.28 11.30 11.31 11.33 11.35 11.36 11.38 11.39 11.41 11.43 11.59 11.44 per ton sold 13.85 13.85 13.85 13.85 13.85 13.85 13.85 13.85 13.85 13.85 13.87 13.89 13.91 13.93 13.95 13.97 13.99 14.01 14.03 14.23 14.05 S,G A 1,136 1,136 1,136 1,136 1,136 1,136 1,136 1,136 1,136 1,136 11,360 11,360 11,360 11,360 11,360 11,360 11,360 11,360 11,360 69,312 182,912 per ton sold 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 1.42 Final Reclamation Escrow 54 54 54 54 54 54 54 54 54 54 536 536 536 536 536 536 536 536 536 3,269 8,629 per ton sold 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.07 Total COGS 12,270 12,270 12,270 12,270 12,270 12,270 12,270 12,270 12,270 12,270 122,856 123,016 123,176 123,336 123,496 123,656 123,816 123,976 124,136 767,135 2,001,295 per ton sold 15.34 15.34 15.34 15.34 15.34 15.34 15.34 15.34 15.34 15.34 15.36 15.38 15.40 15.42 15.44 15.46 15.48 15.50 15.52 15.72 15.54 EBITDA 3,730 3,730 3,730 3,730 3,730 3,730 3,730 3,730 3,730 3,730 37,144 36,984 36,824 36,664 36,504 36,344 36,184 36,024 35,864 209,085 574,925 per ton sold 4.66 4.66 4.66 4.66 4.66 4.66 4.66 4.66 4.66 4.66 4.64 4.62 4.60 4.58 4.56 4.54 4.52 4.50 4.48 4.28 4.46 CapEx 000): Total CapEx 1,000 1,000 1,000 1,000 1,000 1,000 1,000 1,000 1,000 1,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 61,014 161,014 Net Pre-Tax Cash Flow 2,730 2,730 2,730 2,730 2,730 2,730 2,730 2,730 2,730 2,730 27,144 26,984 26,824 26,664 26,504 26,344 26,184 26,024 25,864 148,071 413,911 Federal Income and State Franchise Taxes 196 166 147 183 293 266 238 209 387 772 7,681 7,636 7,591 7,546 7,501 7,455 7,410 7,365 7,320 40,631 110,992 After-Tax Net Cash Flow 2,534 2,565 2,584 2,547 2,437 2,464 2,493 2,521 2,344 1,958 19,463 19,348 19,233 19,118 19,003 18,889 18,774 18,659 18,544 107,441 302,920 DCF-NPV Analysis: Pre-Tax Discounted Cash Flows at 12 2,580 2,304 2,057 1,836 1,640 1,464 1,307 1,167 1,042 930 5,226 1,673 535 171 55 18 6 2 1 0 24,013 Cumulative Pre-Tax Discounted Cash Flows at 12 2,580 4,884 6,940 8,777 10,416 11,880 13,187 14,354 15,396 16,327 21,553 23,225 23,761 23,932 23,987 24,005 24,010 24,012 24,013 24,013 After-Tax Dis\counted Cash Flows at 12 2,395 2,164 1,946 1,713 1,463 1,321 1,193 1,078 894 667 3,747 1,199 384 123 39 13 4 1 0 0 20,347 Cumulative After-Tax Discounted Cash Flows at 12 2,395 4,559 6,505 8,218 9,682 11,003 12,196 13,274 14,168 14,836 18,583 19,782 20,166 20,289 20,328 20,341 20,345 20,346 20,347 20,347 12-4 JO H N T. B O Y D C O M PA N Y 

12-5 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 12.2.2.1 Pre-Tax Sensitivity Analyses The following three tables (Tables 12.5 12.7) summarize the results of the pre-tax sensitivity analyses performed, which utilize discount rates of 10 , 12 , and 15 and incorporate the changes to revenue and COGS/CapEx discussed above: Table 12.5: Pre-Tax DCF-NPV at 10 Pre-Tax DCF-NPV @ 10 (US millions) -20.0 -15.0 -10.0 -5.0 0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 -20.0 22.8 31.2 39.6 48.0 56.4 64.7 73.1 81.5 89.9 -15.0 15.8 24.2 32.6 41.0 49.4 57.8 66.2 74.6 83.0 -10.0 8.9 17.3 25.7 34.1 42.4 50.8 59.2 67.6 76.0 -5.0 1.9 10.3 18.7 27.1 35.5 43.9 52.3 60.7 69.0 0.0 (5.0) 3.4 11.8 20.1 28.5 36.9 45.3 53.7 62.1 5.0 (12.0) (3.6) 4.8 13.2 21.6 30.0 38.4 46.7 55.1 10.0 (18.9) (10.6) (2.2) 6.2 14.6 23.0 31.4 39.8 48.2 15.0 (25.9) (17.5) (9.1) (0.7) 7.7 16.1 24.4 32.8 41.2 20.0 (32.9) (24.5) (16.1) (7.7) 0.7 9.1 17.5 25.9 34.3 CO G S an d Ca pE x Revenues Table 12.6: Pre-Tax DCF-NPV at 12 Pre-Tax DCF-NPV @ 12 (US millions) -20.0 -15.0 -10.0 -5.0 0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 -20.0 19.2 26.3 33.3 40.4 47.4 54.5 61.5 68.6 75.6 -15.0 13.3 20.4 27.5 34.5 41.6 48.6 55.7 62.7 69.8 -10.0 7.5 14.6 21.6 28.7 35.7 42.8 49.8 56.9 63.9 -5.0 1.6 8.7 15.8 22.8 29.9 36.9 44.0 51.0 58.1 0.0 (4.2) 2.8 9.9 17.0 24.0 31.1 38.1 45.2 52.2 5.0 (10.1) (3.0) 4.1 11.1 18.2 25.2 32.3 39.3 46.4 10.0 (15.9) (8.9) (1.8) 5.3 12.3 19.4 26.4 33.5 40.5 15.0 (21.8) (14.7) (7.7) (0.6) 6.5 13.5 20.6 27.6 34.7 20.0 (27.6) (20.6) (13.5) (6.4) 0.6 7.7 14.7 21.8 28.8 Revenues CO G S an d Ca pE x Table 12.7: Pre-Tax DCF-NPV at 15 Pre-Tax DCF-NPV @ 15 (US millions) -20.0 -15.0 -10.0 -5.0 0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 -20.0 15.6 21.3 27.0 32.7 38.5 44.2 49.9 55.6 61.3 -15.0 10.8 16.6 22.3 28.0 33.7 39.4 45.2 50.9 56.6 -10.0 6.1 11.8 17.5 23.3 29.0 34.7 40.4 46.1 51.8 -5.0 1.3 7.1 12.8 18.5 24.2 29.9 35.7 41.4 47.1 0.0 (3.4) 2.3 8.0 13.8 19.5 25.2 30.9 36.6 42.4 5.0 (8.1) (2.4) 3.3 9.0 14.7 20.5 26.2 31.9 37.6 10.0 (12.9) (7.2) (1.4) 4.3 10.0 15.7 21.4 27.2 32.9 15.0 (17.6) (11.9) (6.2) (0.5) 5.2 11.0 16.7 22.4 28.1 20.0 (22.4) (16.7) (10.9) (5.2) 0.5 6.2 11.9 17.7 23.4 Revenues CO G S an d Ca pE x 

12-6 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 12.2.2.2 After-Tax Sensitivity Analyses The following three tables (Tables 12.8 12.10) summarize the results of the after-tax sensitivity analyses performed, which utilize discount rates of 10 , 12 , and 15 and incorporate the changes to revenues and COGS/CapEx discussed above: Table 12.8: After-Tax DCF-NPV at 10 After-Tax DCF-NPV @ 10 (US millions) -20.0 -15.0 -10.0 -5.0 0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 -20.0 19.9 25.9 31.9 37.8 43.8 49.8 55.7 61.7 67.7 -15.0 14.4 20.9 26.9 32.8 38.8 44.8 50.7 56.7 62.7 -10.0 8.6 15.5 21.9 27.8 33.8 39.8 45.7 51.7 57.7 -5.0 1.9 9.8 16.6 22.8 28.8 34.8 40.7 46.7 52.7 0.0 (5.0) 3.4 11.0 17.7 23.8 29.8 35.7 41.7 47.7 5.0 (12.0) (3.6) 4.8 12.2 18.8 24.8 30.7 36.7 42.7 10.0 (18.9) (10.6) (2.2) 6.1 13.3 19.8 25.7 31.7 37.7 15.0 (25.9) (17.5) (9.1) (0.7) 7.4 14.5 20.7 26.7 32.7 20.0 (32.9) (24.5) (16.1) (7.7) 0.7 8.7 15.6 21.7 27.7 Revenues CO G S an d Ca pE x Table 12.9: After-Tax DCF-NPV at 12 After-Tax DCF-NPV @ 12 (US millions) -20.0 -15.0 -10.0 -5.0 0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 -20.0 17.1 22.1 27.1 32.2 37.2 42.2 47.2 52.2 57.2 -15.0 12.4 17.9 22.9 28.0 33.0 38.0 43.0 48.0 53.0 -10.0 7.3 13.3 18.7 23.7 28.8 33.8 38.8 43.8 48.8 -5.0 1.6 8.4 14.3 19.5 24.6 29.6 34.6 39.6 44.6 0.0 (4.2) 2.8 9.4 15.2 20.3 25.4 30.4 35.4 40.4 5.0 (10.1) (3.0) 4.0 10.4 16.1 21.2 26.2 31.2 36.2 10.0 (15.9) (8.9) (1.8) 5.2 11.4 16.9 22.0 27.0 32.0 15.0 (21.8) (14.7) (7.7) (0.6) 6.3 12.4 17.8 22.8 27.8 20.0 (27.6) (20.6) (13.5) (6.4) 0.6 7.4 13.4 18.6 23.6 Revenues CO G S an d Ca pE x Table 12.10: After-Tax DCF-NPV at 15 After-Tax DCF-NPV @ 15 (US millions) -20.0 -15.0 -10.0 -5.0 0.0 5.0 10.0 15.0 20.0 -20.0 14.2 18.3 22.4 26.4 30.5 34.5 38.6 42.6 46.7 -15.0 10.3 14.9 18.9 23.0 27.1 31.1 35.2 39.2 43.3 -10.0 6.0 11.1 15.5 19.6 23.6 27.7 31.8 35.8 39.9 -5.0 1.3 6.9 11.9 16.2 20.2 24.3 28.4 32.4 36.5 0.0 (3.4) 2.3 7.8 12.7 16.8 20.9 24.9 29.0 33.1 5.0 (8.1) (2.4) 3.3 8.6 13.4 17.5 21.5 25.6 29.6 10.0 (12.9) (7.2) (1.4) 4.3 9.5 14.1 18.1 22.2 26.2 15.0 (17.6) (11.9) (6.2) (0.5) 5.2 10.3 14.7 18.8 22.8 20.0 (22.4) (16.7) (10.9) (5.2) 0.5 6.1 11.1 15.4 19.4 Revenues CO G S an d Ca pE x Q:\ENG_WP\3555.022 SS - YE 2022 S-K 1300\3555.022A - Utica\CH-12 - Economic Analysis.docx 

13-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 13.0 PERMITTING AND COMPLIANCE 13.1 Permitting The Illinois Department of Natural Resources (IDNR) requires a Surface Mining Permit for all operations that affect over 10 acres per year by mining or remove more than 10 ft of overburden (soil on top of the rock or mineral being extracted). A Surface Mining Permit application requires the operator to submit an operating plan that illustrates how the land will be affected by mining operations as well as a reclamation plan that describes how the mined land will be restored for future use. The mine reclamation plan must be submitted for review to the LaSalle County Board. If the County Board requests, a public hearing will be scheduled by the IDNR to receive comments on the proposed reclamation plan. The Utica operation has a current IDNR permit. Air emissions at the Utica facility are regulated by the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency. A Title V permit for air emissions is currently issued to Northern White Sand Company (Permit # 170090027), the company that filed the permit application prior to Smart Sand s acquisition. 13.2 Compliance Mine safety is regulated by the federal government by MSHA as are all surface mining operations. MSHA inspects the facilities a minimum of twice yearly. Smart Sand s safety record compares favorably with its regional peers. Based on our review of information provided by Smart Sand and available public information, it is BOYD s opinion that the Utica Mine s record of compliance with applicable mining, water quality, and environmental regulations is generally typical for that of the industry. BOYD is not aware of any regulatory violation or compliance issue which would materially impact the frac sand reserve estimate. q:\eng_wp\3555.022 ss - ye 2022 s-k 1300\3555.022a - utica\ch-13 - permitting and compliance.docx 

14-1 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 14.0 INTERPRETATION AND CONCLUSIONS 14.1 Findings Based on our independent technical review and geoscientific study of the Utica Mine, BOYD concludes: Sufficient data have been obtained through the site exploration and sampling program and mining operations to support the geological interpretations of seam thickness, grain size distribution and API quality for the portions of the sand underlying the controlled property. The data are of sufficient quantity and reliability to reasonably support the sand resource and sand reserve estimates in this technical report summary. Estimates of proppant sand reserves reported herein are reasonably and appropriately supported by technical studies, which consider mining plans, revenue, and operating and capital cost estimates. The 128.8 million product tons of frac sand reserves (as of December 31, 2021) identified on the property are economically extractable under reasonable expectations of market volumes and pricing for proppant sand products, estimated operation costs, and capital expenditures. There is no other relevant data or information material to the Utica Mine that is necessary to make this technical report summary not misleading. 14.2 Significant Risks and Uncertainties As with any mining project there are certain inherent risks associated with the overall operation of a facility. Smart Sand has sufficiently mitigated operational risk through obtaining sufficient geologic sampling information and analysis. Additionally, Smart Sand has engineered the processing plant to include parallel duplicate process circuits which significantly increases plant availability. However, it should be noted that frac sand is generally marketed exclusively to the energy industry which has historically been a volatile industry. q:\eng_wp\3555.022 ss - ye 2022 s-k 1300\3555.022a - utica\ch-14 - conclusions.docx 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-10.26>
 5
 trs_blairmine.htm
 EX-10.26

trs_blairmine 

, FN PS FR 3U U RU SU J R RPSD 0 J R RJ 3 WW UJ 5 SRUW R 

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

RQWLQXHG 3D 0,1,1 23(5 7,216 0LQLQ 0HWKRG 0LQH 6FKHGXOH (TXLSPHQW DQG 6WDIILQ 0LQH 3URGXFWLRQ LVWRULFDO 0LQH 3URGXFWLRQ )RUHFDVWHG 3URGXFWLRQ SHFWHG 0LQH /LIH 0LQLQ 5LVN 352 (66,1 23(5 7,216 2YHUYLH :HW 3ODQW HFDQW U\ 3ODQW RQFOXVLRQ 0,1( ,1)5 6758 785( 0 5.(7 / 6,6 0RQWQH\ DVLQ SSDODFKLDQ DVLQ 0DUFHOOXV 8WLFD DVLQ 3,7 5(9(18(6 1 23(5 7,1 2676 ,QWURGXFWLRQ LVWRULFDO 3URGXFWLRQ 5HYHQXHV DQG 2SHUDWLQ RVWV LVWRULFDO 3URGXFWLRQ 3URMHFWHG 3URGXFWLRQ 6DOHV DQG RVWV 3URGXFWLRQ DQG 6DOHV 3URMHFWLRQV 2SHUDWLQ RVW 3URMHFWLRQV 3URMHFWHG DSLWDO SHQGLWXUHV 2120, 1 6,6 ,QWURGXFWLRQ (FRQRPLF QDO\VLV DVK )OR QDO\VLV 6HQVLWLYLW\ QDO\VLV 3(50,77,1 1 203/, 3HUPLWWLQ RPSOLDQFH ,17(535(7 7,21 21 /86,216 )LQGLQ 6L QLILFDQW 5LVNV DQG 8QFHUWDLQWLHV 

RQWLQXHG 3D L ODLU 0LQH SORUDWLRQ ULOOLQ 6XPPDU\ 6PDUW 6DQG ODLU 5HVHUYH 7RQV DV RI HFHPEHU 6XPPDU\ RI 6HOHFW 3, ,62 7HVW 5HVXOWV DQG VVRFLDWHG 5HFRPPHQGHG 6SHFLILFDWLRQV LVWRULFDO 520 3URGXFWLRQ )RUHFDVWHG 520 3URGXFWLRQ 7RQV LVWRULFDO 6DOHV 6WDWLVWLFV ODLU HDU 6DOHV 3URMHFWLRQ E\ 3URGXFW QQXDO DVK RVW 3URMHFWLRQV 6XPPDU\ DVK )OR 6WDWHPHQW 139 QDO\VLV ODLU 0LQH SORUDWLRQ ULOOLQ 6XPPDU\ 3URGXFW 6L LVWULEXWLRQ \ (OHYDWLRQ 6XPPDU\ RI 6HOHFW 3, ,62 7HVW 5HVXOWV DQG VVRFLDWHG 5HFRPPHQGHG 6SHFLILFDWLRQV ODLU 3URSHUW\ ULOO ROH 6SDFLQ 3DUDPHWHUV 6PDUW 6DQG ODLU 5HVHUYH 7RQV DV RI HFHPEHU LVWRULF 520 3URGXFWLRQ )RUHFDVWHG 520 3URGXFWLRQ 7RQV LVWRULFDO 6DOHV 6WDWLVWLFV ODLU 3URGXFWLRQ 3URMHFWLRQV ODLU 6DOHV 3URMHFWLRQV QQXDO DVK RVW 3URMHFWLRQV 3URMHFWHG DSLWDO RVWV /20 6XPPDU\ DVK )OR 6WDWHPHQW 139 QDO\VLV 3UH WD DQG IWHU WD DVK )OR QDO\VLV IWHU 7D 139 6HQVLWLYLW\ QDO\VLV 

RQWLQXHG 3D L HQHUDO /RFDWLRQ 0DS HQHUDO 2YHUYLH RI WKH 0RQWQH\ DVLQ DQG OO 2LO DQG DV :HOOV ULOOHG 6LQFH YHUD QQXDO :HVWHUQ DQDGD 6HOHFW 2LO 3ULFHV FWLYH ULOOLQ 5L LQ :HVWHUQ DQDGD XUUHQW DQG )RUHFDVWHG 2LO 3URGXFWLRQ LQ OEHUWD SSDODFKLDQ 5L RXQW DQG 3URGXFWLRQ SHU 5L SSDODFKLDQ DV 3URGXFWLRQ 5H LRQDO 0DS 6KR LQ ODLU 2SHUDWLRQ HGURFN VWUDWL UDSKLF XQLWV LQ :LVFRQVLQ HROR LF 3HULRG URVV 6HFWLRQ ODLU 3URSHUW\ 5HODWLRQVKLS HW HHQ 3URSSDQW 6DQG 5HVRXUFHV DQG 3URSSDQW 6DQG 5HVHUYHV ODLU 2SHUDWLRQ 5HVHUYH DQG ULOOKROHV XUUHQW 6DQG WUDFWLRQ 6LWH ,GOHG IRU 6HDVRQDO :HDWKHU ODLU 2SHUDWLRQ /LIH RI 0LQH 3ODQ ODLU :HW 3URFHVVLQ 3ODQW 5DLO /RDGRXW DQG 6LORV HQHUDO 2YHUYLH RI WKH 0RQWQH\ DVLQ DQG OO 2LO DQG DV :HOOV ULOOHG 6LQFH YHUD QQXDO :HVWHUQ DQDGD 6HOHFW 2LO 3ULFHV FWLYH ULOOLQ 5L LQ :HVWHUQ DQDGD XUUHQW DQG )RUHFDVWHG 2LO 3URGXFWLRQ LQ OEHUWD SSDODFKLDQ 5L RXQW DQG 3URGXFWLRQ SHU 5L SSDODFKLDQ DV 3URGXFWLRQ 7RQV 6ROG E\ 3URGXFW 6L 4 (1 B:3 ODLU :3 5HSRUW 72 GRF 

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

87 6800 Q URGXF LRQ 2 

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

GULOO KROHV FRPSOHWHG RQ WKH SURSHUW\ WR GDWH 7DEOH EHOR VXPPDUL HV SORUDWLRQ RUN FRPSOHWHG GXULQJ WKHVH GULOOLQJ FDPSDLJQV 2 

7DEOH EHOR SUHVHQWV WKH HVWLPDWHG UHVHUYH WRQV E\ SURGXFW VL WKDW DUH DQWLFLSDWHG WR EH SURGXFHG DW 6PDUW 6DQG ODLU SURSHUW\ 7KH UHSRUWHG UHVHUYHV LQFOXGH RQO\ SURSSDQW VDQG KLFK LV UHSRUWHGO\ QHG DV RI HFHPEHU ,W LV 2 

7KH FRPSRVLWH VDPSOH WHVWLQJ LQGLFDWHV WKDW WKH ODLU 2SHUDWLRQ LV DEOH WR SURGXFH IUDF VDQG SURGXFWV KLFK PHHW PLQLPXP 3, ,62 UHFRPPHQGHG WHVWLQJ FKDUDFWHULVWLFV 2 

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

UH HUDO HU H RI H 0R H DV G DOO O G DV :HOOV U OOHG FH 6R UFH (5 

)LJXUH EHOR LOOXVWUDWHV WKH DYHUDJH DQQXDO SULFH IRU :HVWHUQ DQDGLDQ 6HOHFW : 6 FUXGH RLO ORFDWHG LQ OEHUWD DQG ULWLVK ROXPELD UH HUD DO :HVWHU DGD 6HOHFW O 3U FHV 6R UFH 6WDW VWD 5LJ FRXQWV LQ :HVWHUQ DQDGD LQGLFDWH UHERXQG RI GULOOLQJ DFWLYLW\ RYHU WKH SDVW WKUHH \HDUV 7KH QXPEHU RI ULJV RUNLQJ WKLV LQWHU LV JUR LQJ WR WKUHH \HDU KLJKV DV LOOXVWUDWHG LQ )LJXUH EHOR UH FW H U OO 5 V :HVWHU DGD 6R UFH 2( 

6LQFH UHDFKLQJ OR RI QLQH DFWLYH ULJV LQ OEHUWD LQ DFWLYH GULOOLQJ KDV UHERXQGHG WR DV RI )HEUXDU\ FFRUGLQJ WR WKH DQDGLDQ (QHUJ\ 5HJXODWRU (5 DQG LV VKR LQ )LJXUH EHOR OEHUWD GDLO\ WLJKW FUXGH RLO SURGXFWLRQ LV FRQWLQXLQJ WR LQFUHDVH DQG LV IRUHFDVWHG WR DFKLHYH PRUH JDLQV WKURXJK UH UUH D )RUHFDVWHG O 3URG FW OEHUWD 6R UFH (5 7KH 0RQWQH\ DVLQ LV FKLHIO\ UHOLDQW RQ LPSRUWHG VDQG IRU GULOOLQJ RLO DQG JDV HOOV DQG 1RUWKHUQ :KLWH 6DQG 1:6 IURP WKH :LVFRQVLQ DUHD UHPDLQV DQ LPSRUWDQW SURGXFW IRU PDQ\ HOO DSSOLFDWLRQV SSDODF D DV 0DUFHOO 8W FD DV V 7KH SSDODFKLDQ DVLQ SUHGRPLQDQWO\ FRQVLVWV RI WKH 0DUFHOOXV DQG 8WLFD VKDOH SOD\V 7KH\ DUH VXEVWDQWLDO QDWXUDO JDV DQG RLO SOD\V LQ 1RUWK PHULFD DQG WDUJHW PDUNHW IRU WKH ODLU 2SHUDWLRQ /LNH WKH 0RQWQH\ WKH SSDODFKLDQ LPSRUWV PRVW RI WKH SURSSDQW VDQG 9HU\ IH QRWDEOH LQ EDVLQ VDQG RSHUDWLRQV LVW 7KLV FUHDWHV DQ DGYDQWDJHG VLWXDWLRQ IRU WKH ODLU 0LQH DV WKHUH DUH IH VXEVWLWXWHV WUDQVSRUW LVH WR WKH EDVLQ )ROOR LQJ WKH HQHUJ\ GR QWXUQ LQ DQG WKHQ RYLG VKXWGR LQ WKH EDVLQ HOOILHOG DFWLYLW\ DSSHDUV WR EH UHERXQGLQJ RUL RQWDO ULJV KDYH VWDELOL HG RYHU WKH SDVW R \HDUV DV FDQ EH VHHQ LQ )LJXUH EXW JDV SURGXFWLRQ SHU ULJ LV VXEVWDQWLDOO\ KLJKHU (QHUJ\ FRPSDQLHV DUH GULOOLQJ ORQJHU ODWHUDOV DQG 

RSWLPL LQJ HDFK HOO SDG EHFRPLQJ PRUH HIILFLHQW IURP FRVW SHUVSHFWLYH DQG RYHUDOO QDWXUDO JDV SURGXFWLRQ LV VWDEOH DV FDQ EH VHHQ IURP )LJXUH EHOR UH SSDODF D 5 R W G 3URG FW SHU 6R UFH (, UH SSDODF D DV 3URG FW 6R UFH (, DYLQJ VXUYLYHG WKH FKDOOHQJLQJ HQYLURQPHQW RI DQG 6PDUW 6DQG ODLU 2SHUDWLRQ VKRXOG FRQWLQXH WR SURYH YLDEOH LQWR WKH IXWXUH QRW LWKVWDQGLQJ VXVWDLQHG DQG VLJQLILFDQW HQHUJ\ SULFH FROODSVH 7KHLU OR FRVW PLQLQJ VFKHPH 

DGYDQWDJHG WUDQVSRUW WR VHOHFW EDVLQV DQG KLJK TXDOLW\ SURGXFW KHOS WR FUHDWH DQ DGYDQWDJH FRPSDUHG LWK RWKHU 1:6 SURGXFHUV VWRU 3URG FW DS WDO SH W UHV 2SHUDW RVWV D 3U LVWRULFDO DS( VDOHV DQG UHYHQXH HUH QRW DYDLODEOH IRU WKLV UHSRUW DV GLIIHUHQW R QHU RSHUDWHG WKH IDFLOLW\ SULRU WR LVWRULFDO SURGXFW VDOHV LQIRUPDWLRQ LV DYDLODEOH IRU WKH IDFLOLW\ DQG LV OLVWHG EHOR LQ 7DEOH 7DEOH SUHVHQWV ODLU KLVWRULFDO VDOHV SURGXFWLRQ IRU WKH SHULRG WR 7DEOH VWRU FDO 6DOHV 6WDW VW FV 

RVW RI 6DOHV :DJHV DQG HQHILWV FDYDWLRQ 8WLOLWLHV WHUQDO /DERU ,QVXUDQFH (TXLSPHQW 0DLQWHQDQFH 5HDO (VWDWH 7D HV DV 3URG FW RVWV 6 7RWDO 3URG FW RVWV 8QLW FRVW SHU VDOHV WRQ WRQ 7DEOH EHOR SUHVHQWV WKH DERYH WDEOH FRVW SURMHFWLRQV RQ FRVW SHU WRQ VROG EDVLV IRU WKH \HDUV WKURXJK d 6PDUW 6DQG SURYLGHG 2 

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

5 XOD LRQ DQG LDELOL V 7KH ODLU 0LQH RSHUDWLRQV DUH SUHGRPLQDQWO\ UHJXODWHG E\ 7UHPSHDOHDX DQG -DFNVRQ FRXQWLHV :LVFRQVLQ WKH :LVFRQVLQ HSDUWPHQW RI 1DWXUDO 5HVRXUFHV : 15 DQG VHYHUDO ORFDO PXQLFLSDOLWLHV UHJDUGLQJ DWHU XVH DLU TXDOLW\ JHQHUDO RSHUDWLRQV DQG HYHQWXDO UHFODPDWLRQ RI WKH VLWH 6DIHW\ DQG RSHUDWLRQDO UHJXODWLRQV DUH DGPLQLVWHUHG E\ WKH 0LQH 6DIHW\ DQG HDOWK GPLQLVWUDWLRQ 06 DVHG RQ RXU UHYLH RI LQIRUPDWLRQ SURYLGHG E\ 6PDUW 6DQG DQG DYDLODEOH SXEOLF LQIRUPDWLRQ LW LV 2 

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

PLQLQ DQG HROR LF FRQGLWLRQ WKH FDSDELOLWLH RI PDQD HPHQW DQG HPSOR\HH WKH HF ULQ RI UHT LUHG DSSURYDO DQG SHUPLW LQ WLPHO\ PDQQHU I UH DQG SULFH HWF QIRUH HHQ FKDQ LQ UH ODWLRQ FR OG DO LPSDFW SHUIRUPDQFH 2SLQLRQ SUH HQWHG LQ WKL UHSRUW DSSO\ WR WKH LWH FRQGLWLRQ DQG IHDW UH D WKH\ L WHG DW WKH WLPH RI 2 LQYH WL DWLRQ DQG WKR UHD RQDEO\ IRUH HHDEOH KL UHSRUW LQWHQGHG IRU E\ 6PDUW 6DQG EMHFW WR WKH WHUP DQG FRQGLWLRQ RI LW SURIH LRQDO HUYLFH D UHHPHQW LWK 2 :H DO FRQ HQW WR 6PDUW 6DQG ILOLQ WKL UHSRUW WHFKQLFDO UHSRUW PPDU\ LWK WKH 6( S DQW WR . FHSW IRU WKH S USR OH ODWHG QGHU 6 HF ULWLH OD DQ\ RWKHU RI RU UHOLDQFH RQ WKL UHSRUW E\ DQ\ WKLUG SDUW\ DW WKDW SDUW\ ROH UL KH UH SRQ LELOLW\ IRU WKL GL FOR UH UHPDLQ LWK 6PDUW 6DQG U 4 DO RQV 2 DQ LQGHSHQGHQW FRQ OWLQ ILUP SHFLDOL LQ LQ PLQLQ UHODWHG HQ LQHHULQ DQG ILQDQFLDO FRQ OWLQ HUYLFH 6LQFH 2 KD FRPSOHWHG RYHU SURMHFW LQ WKH 6 DQG PRUH WKDQ RWKHU FR QWULH U OO WLPH WDII FRPSUL PLQLQ H SHUW LQ FLYLO HQYLURQPHQWDO HRWHFKQLFDO DQG PLQLQ HQ LQHHULQ HROR PLQHUDO HFRQRPLF DQG PDUNHW DQDO\ 2 H WHQ LYH SHULHQFH LQ SURSSDQW DQG UH UFH DQG UH HUYH H WLPDWLRQ FRPELQHG LWK U NQR OHG RI WKH EMHFW SURSHUW\ SURYLGH DQ LQIRUPHG ED RQ KLFK WR RSLQH RQ WKH UHD RQDEOHQH RI WKH WLPDWH SHUWDLQLQ WR 6PDUW 6DQG ODLU 2SHUDWLRQ Q RYHUYLH RI 2 FDQ EH IR QG RQ U HE LWH DW MWER\G FRP KH LQGLYLG DO SULPDULO\ UH SRQ LEOH IRU FRPSOHWLQ WKL WHFKQLFDO PHQW DQG WKH SUHSDUDWLRQ RI WKL UHSRUW DUH E\ YLUW RI WKHLU HG FDWLRQ H SHULHQFH DQG SURIH LRQDO D RFLDWLRQ FRQ LGHUHG DOLILHG SHU RQ 43 GHILQHG LQ . 1HLWKHU 2 QRU LW WDII HPSOR\HG LQ WKH SUHSDUDWLRQ RI WKL UHSRUW KDYH DQ\ EHQHILFLDO LQWHUH LQ 6PDUW 6DQG DQG DUH QRW LQ LGHU RFLDWH RU DIILOLDWH RI 6PDUW 6DQG KH UH OW RI U PHQW HUH QRW GHSHQGHQW SRQ DQ\ SULRU UHHPHQW FRQFHUQLQ WKH FRQFO LRQ WR EH UHDFKHG QRU HUH WKHUH DQ\ QGL FOR HG QGHU WDQGLQ FRQFHUQLQ DQ\ W UH LQH GHDOLQ EHW HHQ 6PDUW 6DQG DQG 2 KL UHSRUW D SUHSDUHG LQ UHW UQ IRU IHH ED HG SRQ UHHG WR FRPPHUFLDO UDWH DQG WKH SD\PHQW IRU U HUYLFH QRW FRQWLQ HQW SRQ U RSLQLRQ UH DUGLQ WKH SURMHFW RU DSSURYDO RI U RUN E\ 6PDUW 6DQG DQG LW UHSUH HQWDWLYH 

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

Coulee Rd. Tappen Kennedy Rd. Trump Lake Rabbit Run Rd. H a m ilto n R d . W Blair Rd. Canadian N atio nal R ailw ay C o. Tr em pe al ea u River T re m p e a l e a u C o . Ja ck s o n C o . Skutley Ck. State Route 95 Trum p Coulee C reek N T ru m p C oulee R d. TB-12 TB-1 TB-2 TB-3TB-4 TB-5 TB-6 TB-7 TB-8 TB-9 EW-9 TB-10 TB-11 PW-B2 MW-B3S Q :\ E N G _ W P \3 5 5 5 .0 2 4 - B la ir \F IG U R E 3 -1 .m xd 3-2 0 1,000 2,000 3,000 SCALE (Feet) Dry Plant Wet Plant Conveyor February 2024 Scale 1 = 2500' FIGURE 3.1 REGIONAL MAP SHOWING BLAIR OPERATION Jackson and Trempealeau Cos., Wisconsin Prepared For SMART SAND, INC. A A' Legend Property Boundary Reserve Area Drill Hole Location Mined Out Area TB-1 Mine Extent Cross Section Location - See Figure 4.3 For Detail 

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

2 LR O ROR 0 QJ RI 1:6 IRU D D SURSSDQW DQG JHQHUDOO\ FRQFHQWUDWHG Q H QRUW FHQWUDO SRUW RQ RI H Q WHG 6WDWH SU PDU O\ Q QQH RWD : FRQ Q DQG ,OO QR W OH HU DPR QW UNDQ DQG ,R H SUHGRP QDQW IRUPDW RQ FRQWD QJ 1:6 FRQ RI SRRUO\ FHPHQWHG DPEU DQ DQG 2UGR F DQ DJH DQG WRQH DQG QFRQ RO GDWHG DOO DO GHSR W ORFDOO\ GHU HG IURP H DQG WRQH 0R QW PRQ :RQH RF -RUGDQ DQG 6D QW 3HWHU )RUPDW RQ Q GHSR W RQDO RUGHU ORFDWHG Q R FHQWUDO QQH RWD DQG QWR FRQ Q DUH H SU PDU\ IRUPDW RQ F UUHQWO\ EH QJ QHG IRU 1:6 WRGD\ (DF RI H DQG WRQH IRUPDW RQ JHQHUDOO\ FRQ RI GHSR W FRQWD QJ FD FRQWHQW DQG W DW E D PRQRFU\ WDOO QH JUD WU FW UH DQG FRQWD HOO UR QGHG DQG JHQHUDOO\ HOO RUWHG DQG JUD UH RQ H IROOR QJ SDJH SUH HQW W DU WUDW JUDS F URFN Q Q FRQ Q :RQH RF )RUPDW RQ W IRUPDW RQ EH QJ QHG DW H OD 2SHUDW RQ RI DPEU JH P GGOH ODWH DQG D EHHQ QRWHG SDQQ QJ DQ DUHD IURP QQH RWD WR UNDQ DQG IURP ,OO QR QWR 1HEUD ND DQG 6R DNRWD 6DQG JUD FRPSU QJ H :RQH RF )RUPDW RQ HUH RU QDOO\ GHSR WHG Q FOHDU DOOR DWHU QHDU H RUH RI D DPEU DQ 6HD H HQHUJ\ D DFW RQ U QJ SDUW FOH WUDQ SRUW DQG GHSR W RQ HOSHG IRUP H JHQHUDOO\ GH FU EHG HOO RUWHG DQG HOO UR QGHG I QH WR PHG P JUD QHG IUR WHG DQG WRQH GHSR W DW H :RQH RF NQR IRU 2Q IRUPDW RQ GH ED H :RQH RF )RUPDW RQ FNQH H PD\ UDQJH IURP IH IHHW WR R HU IW Q FNQH H HU UHJ RQDOO\ H :RQH RF E PRUH Q IRUP UDQJH RI GHSR W RQDO FNQH RI EHW HHQ IW WR IW H SUH HQFH RI H :RQH RF Q R WHUQ FRQ Q RIWHQ HD O\ GHQW DEOH W WHQG WR EH ORFDWHG QGHUO\ QJ FO WHU RI GHQ HO\ RRGHG J HU HOH DW RQ OO\ UHJ RQ RI H WDWH H RRGHG DUHD DUH RIWHQ RQ H SHU HU RI IDUP HOG HUH DQG\ DQG URFN\ R EHJDQ WR EH HQFR QWHUHG U QJ OW DW QJ HOG H :RQH RF )RUPDW RQ FRPSR HG RI R PHPEHU H SSHU ,URQWRQ 0HPEHU DQG W OR HU DOH OOH 0HPEHU D W IRUPDW RQ E JUD QJ DW RPHW PH JUDGH IURP PHG P WR PHG P FRDU W SSHU HFW RQ DQG PHG P WR QH JUD QHG Q H OR HU HFW RQ 

R O ROR S DPEU DQ HG PHQWDU\ WUDWD FRPSU H H UIDFH WUDW JUDS F Q QGHUO\ QJ H R Q DQG DUR QG H OD 2SHUDW RQ H W SU PDU O\ QFO GH EHGURFN RI RUGHU RI GHSR W RQ W 0R QW PRQ (D OD UH :RQH RF DQG QQHO W\ )RUPDW RQ WUDW JUDS F UHODW RQ EHW HHQ H IRUPDW RQ SUH HQWHG Q J UH IROOR F G H IROOR QJ WH G F H WUDWD HQFR QWHUHG QHDU H OD 2SHUDW RQ D FHQG QJ GHSR W RQDO RUGHU 0R QW PRQ 0R QW PRQ FRQ RI QWHUEHGGHG DQG WRQH DQG DOH OR HU SRUW RQ RI W IRUPDW RQ FRQWD PRUH DOH OH H SSHU SRUW RQ FRQWD PRUH DQG QWHU DO DQG FRQWD QHG Q H 0R QW PRQ FRQ RI RPH DW SRRUO\ RUWHG I QH WR FRDU JUD QHG DQG WRQH DW JHQHUDOO\ WH WR \HOOR FRORU DQG SRRUO\ FRQ RO GDWHG Q HU DQRW HU HOO NQR UFH RI 1:6 Q ORFDO Q QJ RSHUDW RQ DQG G WR EH RPH DW ODU Q DUDFWHU WR H :RQH RF )RUPDW RQ (D OD UH (D OD UH )RUPDW RQ HUO H 0R QW PRQ DQG FRPSU HG RI W QO\ EHGGHG DQG DOH\ QH JUD QHG DQG WRQH DW PD\ EH DUJ OODFHR RU JOD FRQ F H (D OD UH QRWHG QFRQIRUPDEO\ HUO\ QJ H 0R QW PRQ 2 HUDOO FNQH UDQJH IURP DSSUR PDWHO\ IW WR IW :RQH RF :RQH RF )RUPDW RQ JHQHUDOO\ FRQ RI PHG P WR FRDU JUD QHG DQG WRQH UDQJ QJ Q FNQH IURP IW WR IW DQG W WDUJHW QHDEOH IRUPDW RQ RI H OD 2SHUDW RQ H GHSR W IODW O\ QJ QR GHQFH RI ID OW QJ DQG D EHHQ HURGHG WR DQ HUDJH FNQH RI DSSUR PDWHO\ IW DFUR H EMHFW SURSHUW\ :RQH RF 6DQG WRQH F DUDFWHU HG E\ JHQHUDOO\ FRQ QJ RI WH Q FRORU I QH WR PHG P JUD QHG RUW T DUW WH 6DQG JUD DUH UR QGHG IUR WHG DQG SRRUO\ FHPHQWHG H WR P QRU HFRQGDU\ FD DQG FOD\ FHPHQW 

OD 2SHUDW RQ QH DQG SURFH H SURSSDQW DQG IURP H OR HU PHPEHU DOH OOH RI H :RQH RF )RUPDW RQ D PD HO\ EHGGHG FD F DQG WRQH QWHU DO DW UHJ RQDOO\ HU\ FRQ WHQW Q GHSR W RQDO QDW UH ERW DUHDO H WHQW DQG FNQH H DOH OOH FRQWD SU PDU O\ QH WR PHG P JUD QHG DQG JUD DW DUH HOO RUWHG DQG PRQRFU\ WDOO QH Q WU FW UH 2 HUE UGHQ UIDFH RI H OD SURSHUW\ R HUOD E\ DOH FOD\H\ DQG DQG QFRQ RO GDWHG R R HUE UGHQ PDWHU DO OO QJ FRPSOHWHG RQ H SURSHUW\ D UHFRUGHG HUE UGHQ UDQJ QJ IURP IW WR IW FN H HU H :RQH RF WFURS SRUW RQ RI H H WHUQ WHQW RI H SURSHUW\ DQG SURMHFWHG WR UHDF WR IW FN QGHU H H OOWRS W HD WHUQ SRUW RQ RI H SURSHUW\ FUR H QHDEOH SRUW RQ RI H OD SURSHUW\ R HUE UGHQ FNQH HUDJH DSSUR PDWHO\ IW Q FNQH FUR HFW RQ UR H GHSR W SUR GHG Q J UH SDJH 3 RSS ROR 3URSSDQW DQG D QDW UDOO\ RFF UU QJ J O FD FRQWHQW DUW DQG W JUD DW DUH JHQHUDOO\ HOO UR QGHG H PD G IIHUHQFH EHW HHQ SURSSDQW DQG DQG RW HU DQG DW SURSSDQW DQG JUD DUH UHODW HO\ UH Q FRPSR W RQ FRQ QJ DOPR HQW UHO\ RI DUW RW HU W\SH RI DQG H PHUR PS W DW PD\ EH FHPHQWHG WR H DUW JUD H UH DUW FRPSR W RQ RI SURSSDQW DQG JUD DORQJ EH QJ HOO UR QGHG DQG S HU FDO Q DSH J H W H DQG W F DUDFWHU W FU WUHQJW DF RO O W\ OR W UE W\ W DW DUH GH UHG IRU SHF F HOO DSSO FDW RQ W GU OO QJ HU FH QG WU\ :RQH RF 6DQG WRQH DQG RW HU 1:6 JHQHUDOO\ DUDFWHU HG E\ J O FD FRQWHQW J UR QGQH DQG S HU W\ WH FRORU DQG ODFN RI GHOHWHU PDWHU DO HFD H RI H PRQRFU\ WDOO QH JUD WU FW UH W H DQG H SHU RU JUD WUHQJW HQ FRPSDUHG WR RW HU FD DQG DQG DUH WDEOH IRU SUH UH DSSO FDW RQ JHQHUDOO\ S WR H SR QG SHU T DUH QF UDQJH 4 (1 B:3 OD :3 5HSRUW HRORJ\ GRF 

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

IUHT HQFLHV FDQ EH DSSOLHG E\ WKH GULOO RSHUDWRU WR DGYDQFH WKUR K YDULR OLWKROR W\SHV KLOH PD LPL LQ FRUH UHFRYHULHV 7KH URWRVRQLF GULOO UL DGYDQFHV GR KROH IW DW WLPH LWK WKH FRUH EDUUHOV FRQWDLQLQ WKH WRWDO LQWHUYDO RI FRUH GULOOHG ULQ HDFK GULOOLQ U 6DPSOHV DUH REWDLQHG E\ OOLQ WKH FRUH EDUUHOV DIWHU HDFK Q DQG DSSO\LQ YLEUDWRU\ IRUFHV WR WKH FRUH EDUUHO FRQWDLQLQ WKH UHFRYHUHG FRUH KLFK FD VLQ WKH FRUH WR VOLGH R RI WKH EDUUHO DQG LQWR VLPLODU VL HG FRUH ED ULOOHUV ODEHO WKH ERWWRP GHSWK RI HDFK FRUH ED SULRU WR WU GLQ WKH FRUH DQG SODFH WKH ED HG FRUH RQWR FRUH WUD\ HROR LF OR LQ SKRWR UDSKLQ WKH FRUH DQG FRUH VDPSOLQ PD\ WDNH SODFH KLOH WKH GULOOHUV FRQWLQ GULOOLQ WKH QH GULOO Q 6DPSOHV HUH REWDLQHG E\ WDNLQ D WUR HO DQG VDPSOLQ DSSUR LPDWHO\ RI WKH GLDPHWHU RI WKH FRUH DORQ WKH HQWLUH OHQ WK RI WKH UHFRYHUHG FRUH LQ RUGHU WR FUHDWH UHSUHVHQWDWLYH VDPSOH RI WKH HQWLUH IW GULOOLQ U 6DPSOH PDWHULDO DV SODFHG LQWR VPDOOHU KHDY\ PLO VDPSOH ED KLFK HUH WKHQ ODEHOHG LWK GULOO KROH QDPH WRS DQG ERWWRP RI WKH VDPSOH LQWHUYDO DQG WKH VDPSOH RU VDPSOH 7KH SURFHVV DV UHSHDWHG LQ RUGHU WR FUHDWH SOLFDWH VDPSOH VHWV WKUR KR WKH UDWLRQ RI WKH GULOOLQ FDPSDL D HG VDPSOHV HUH SODFHG LQWR E FNHWV LWK OLGV VHF UHG DQG FRQWHQWV RI WKH FNHW QRWHG 2QH VDPSOH VHW DV VHQW WR )UDF7 IRU SUHSDUDWLRQ DQG SDUWLFOH VL DQDO\VHV KLOH WKH SOLFDWH VDPSOH VHW DV SODFHG LQWR VWRUD E\ +L U VK IRU DUFKLYDO USRVHV )UDF7 D DLQ SUHSDUHG SURG FW VL FRPSRVLWH VDPSOHV IURP PDWHULDO REWDLQHG IURP W GLIIHUHQW URWRVRQLF GULOO KROHV KLFK HUH VHQW WR 3URS7HVWHU IRU 3, ,62 WHVWLQ S USRVHV RQ DGGLWLRQDO VDPSOHV 3 RSSDQ 6DQG DO V GLVF VVHG LQ WKH SORUDWLRQ VHFWLRQ RI WKLV UHSRUW HDFK 6DPSOH REWDLQHG ULQ WKH FRPSOHWHG SORUDWLRQ FDPSDL QV HUH VHQW WR )UDF7 IRU VDPSOH SUHSDUDWLRQ SDUWLFOH VL DQDO\VLV DQG WR KDYH FRPSRVLWH GULOO KROH VDPSOHV FUHDWHG KLFK HUH WKHQ VHQW WR 3URS7HVWHU IRU 3, ,62 WHVWLQ S USRVHV )UDF7 FKHFNHG LQ VDPSOHV UHFHLYHG DQG SUHSDUHG DQ DSSURSULDWHO\ VL HG VSOLW RI HDFK VDPSOH (DFK SUHSDUHG VDPSOH IRU WHVWLQ DV LQLWLDOO\ HL KHG WKHQ DVKHG RYHU PHVK VL VFUHHQ 7KH UHPDLQLQ PHVK PDWHULDO LV GULHG DQG HL KHG DLQ WR GHWHUPLQH ILQHV FRQWHQW RI WKH LQ VLW VDPSOH LQWHUYDO 7KH DVKHG DQG GULHG SRUWLRQ RI HDFK VDPSOH WKHQ QGHU RHV VLHYH DQDO\VLV WR GHWHUPLQH SDUWLFOH VL GLVWULE WLRQ (DFK VDPSOH REWDLQHG ULQ H SORUDWLRQ DV DQDO\ HG LQ RUGHU WR DLQ LQIRUPDWLRQ RQ WKH HQWLUH ODLU 2SHUDWLRQ VDQG GHSRVLW WKUR K WKH WRWDO GHSWKV GULOOHG LQ HDFK GULOO KROH 

3DUWLFOH VL GLVWULE WLRQ UHV OWV DQG WKH DVVRFLDWHG OLWKROR LF GDWD REWDLQHG IURP WKH GULOO KROHV FRPSOHWHG RQ ODLU HUH SURYLGHG WR 2 

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

2 

3 233 6 62 6 6 6 SSO DEO 6 DU D V 8QOH RWKHU H WDWHG SURSSDQW DQG UH UFH DQG SURSSDQW DQG UH HUYH WLPDWH GL FOR HG KHUHLQ DUH FRPSOHWHG LQ DFFRUGDQFH LWK WKH WDQGDUG DQG GHILQLWLRQ SURYLGHG E\ . ,W KR OG EH QRWHG WKDW 2 

WLPDWH RI SURSSDQW DQG UH HUYH DUH EGLYLGHG WR UHIOHFW JHRORJLF FRQILGHQFH DQG SRWHQWLDO QFHUWDLQWLH LQ WKH PRGLI\LQJ IDFWRU LQWR SURYHQ KLJKH D UDQFH DQG SUREDEOH )LJ UH KR WKH UHODWLRQ KLS EHW HHQ SURSSDQW DQG UH UFH DQG SURSSDQW DQG UH HUYH V S RSS 6 VR F 3 RSS 6 V V ,Q WKL UHSRUW WKH WHUP SURSSDQW DQG UH HUYH UHSUH HQW WKH WRQQDJH RI SURSSDQW DQG SURG FW WKDW PHHW F WRPHU SHFLILFDWLRQ DQG LOO EH DYDLODEOH IRU DOH DIWHU SURFH LQJ RI WKH 520 DQG 3URSSD 6D VR R R 2 

YDLODEOH SURG FW L GL WULE WLRQ GDWD DQG ODERUDWRU\ WH WLQJ UH OW SURYLGHG HUH FRPSLOHG LQWR GDWDED IRU LQ PRGHOLQJ WKH DOLW\ DQG DQWLW\ RI WKH PLQHDEOH DQG UH UFH QGHUO\LQJ WKH ODLU 2SHUDWLRQ 7KH JHRORJLF GDWDED WLOL HG GULOO KROH LWK FRPSOHWH LQIRUPDWLRQ LQFO GLQJ SDUWLFOH L GL WULE WLRQ GDWD RYHUE UGHQ WKLFNQH DQG DQG WKLFNQH 7KH JHRORJLF GDWD FRPSLOHG FKHFNHG IRU DFF UDF\ DQG D LPSRUWHG LQWR DUO RQ 6RIW DUH D JHRORJLF PRGHOLQJ DQG PLQH SODQQLQJ RIW DUH LWH WKDW LGHO\ HG DQG DFFHSWHG E\ WKH PLQLQJ LQG WU\ JHRORJLF PRGHO RI WKH GHSR LW D FUHDWHG LQ DUO RQ 6RIW DUH LQJ LQG WU\ WDQGDUG JULG PRGHOLQJ PHWKRG HOO LWHG IRU LPSOH HGLPHQWDU\ GHSR LW LQ RUGHU WR WLPDWH RYHUE UGHQ DQG DQG YRO PH DQG PRGHO RFLDWHG SURSSDQW DQG SDUWLFOH L GL WULE WLRQ 7KH JHRORJLF PRGHO GHOLQHDWH WKH WRS DQG ERWWRP RI RYHUE UGHQ PDWHULDO DQG WKH PLQHDEOH DQG KRUL RQ WKUR JKR WKH EMHFW SURSHUW\ 7KH WRS DQG ERWWRP RI WKH PLQHDEOH SURSSDQW DQG LQWHUYDO D H WDEOL KHG IROOR D HULDO PDSSLQJ RI SULO LQ FRPELQDWLRQ LWK GULOOLQJ GDWD HG D WKH ED IRU WLPDWLQJ RYHUE UGHQ DQG DQG YRO PH DQG RFLDWHG SURG FW GL WULE WLRQ LQ WKH DUO RQ JHRORJLF PRGHOLQJ SURJUDP ,W D UHSRUWHG WR 2 

IW SURSHUW\ RII HW UHT LUHG LQ 7UHPSHDOHD QW\ IW SURSHUW\ RII HW UHT LUHG LQ -DFN RQ R QW\ E YHUWLFDO ILQDO SLW KLJK DOO D D PHG LQ 2 

7KH IROOR LQJ GULOO KROH SDFLQJ FULWHULD HUH WDEOL KHG E\ WKH 43 DIWHU UHYLH RI WKH DYDLODEOH SORUDWLRQ DQG WH WLQJ GDWD DQG WKH JHRORJLF PRGHO DQG HG WR FOD LI\ WKH SURSSDQW DQG UH UFH RI WKH ODLU 2SHUDWLRQ 7KH 43 KD GHWHUPLQHG WKDW WKH WLPDWHG SURSSDQW DQG UH UFH LWKLQ WKH ODLU SURSHUW\ DUH DOO FOD LILHG PHD UHG UH UFH 2 

3URSSD 6D U V R WLPDWH RI SURSSDQW DQG UH HUYH IRU WKH ODLU 2SHUDWLRQ HUH GHULYHG FRQWHPSRUDQHR O\ LWK WLPDWH RI SURSSDQW DQG UH UFH 7R GHULYH DQ WLPDWH RI DOHDEOH SURG FW WRQ SURYHQ DQG SUREDEOH SURSSDQW DQG UH HUYH WKH IROOR LQJ PRGLI\LQJ IDFWRU HUH DSSOLHG WR WKH LQ SODFH PHD UHG DQG LQGLFDWHG SURSSDQW DQG UH UFH QGHUO\LQJ WKH UH SHFWLYH PLQH SODQ DUHD PLQLQJ UHFRYHU\ IDFWRU KLFK PH WKDW RI WKH LQ SODFH SURSSDQW DQG UH UFH LOO QRW EH UHFRYHUHG IRU YDULR UHD RQ SSO\LQJ WKL UHFRYHU\ IDFWRU WR WKH LQ SODFH UH UFH UH OW LQ WKH WLPDWHG 520 DQG WRQQDJH WKDW LOO EH GHOLYHUHG WR WKH HW SURFH SODQW Q RYHUDOO SURFH LQJ UHFRYHU\ 7KL UHFRYHU\ IDFWRU DFFR QW IRU OR H LQ WKH HW DQG GU\ SODQW D D UH OW RI UHPRYLQJ W L HG L ODUJHU WKDQ PH DQG PDOOHU WKDQ PH DQG D HOO FRQ LGHULQJ OR H LQ WKH HW DQG GU\ SURFH LQJ SODQW G WR PLQRU LQHIILFLHQFLH 3URFH LQJ UHFRYHULH HUH ED HG RQ D FRPELQDWLRQ RI ODERUDWRU\ WH WLQJ GDWD DQG KL WRULF SURG FWLRQ GDWD DYDLODEOH IURP WKH ODLU 2SHUDWLRQ 7KH RYHUDOO SURG FW \LHOG DIWHU DFFR QWLQJ IRU PLQLQJ DQG SURFH LQJ OR H IRU WKH ODLU 2SHUDWLRQ WLPDWHG DW 7KDW IRU HYHU\ WRQ RI LQ SODFH SURSSDQW DQG UH UFH PLQHG DSSUR LPDWHO\ WRQ LOO EH UHFRYHUHG DQG ROG SURG FW W WKH UHT W RI 6PDUW 6DQG 2 

VV R 3URYHQ DQG SUREDEOH SURSSDQW DQG UH HUYH DUH GHULYHG IURP PHD UHG DQG LQGLFDWHG SURSSDQW DQG UH UFH UH SHFWLYHO\ LQ DFFRUGDQFH LWK . 2 

TB-12 TB-1 TB-2 TB-3TB-4 TB-5 TB-6 TB-7 TB-8 TB-9 EW-9 TB-10 TB-11 PW-B2 MW-B3S Q :\ E N G _ W P \3 5 5 5 .0 2 4 - B la ir \F IG U R E 6 -2 .m xd 6-8 0 1,000 2,000 3,000 SCALE (Feet) Dry Plant Wet Plant Conveyor February 2024 Scale 1 = 2500' FIGURE 6.2 BLAIR OPERATION RESERVE AND DRILLHOLES Jackson and Trempealeau Cos., Wisconsin Prepared For SMART SAND, INC. Legend Property Boundary Reserve Area Drill Hole Location Mined Out Area TB-1 Mine Extent 

0,1,1 23 7,21 0 0 RG 7 ODL 0LQH RSH W\ LV RDGO\ VHSD DWHG LQWR R VHFWLRQV W QR H VHFWLRQ DQG W VR H VHFWLRQ 7 S RSH W\ LV ELVHFWHG E\ 5LYH 5RDG 7 RIILFH HW S RFHVVLQ SODQW PDLQWHQDQFH LOGLQ DQG PLQH VLWH H LQ H VR H VHFWLRQ LOH W G S RFHVVLQ SODQW DQG QLW DLQ ORDGR WV H LQ H QR H VHFWLRQ RI H S RSH W\ 7 HVWH VLGH RI H RSH W\ HQH DOO\ FRQVLVWV RI VDQGVWRQH WF RSV LW PLQLPDO RYH GHQ 7 LV HD VH YHV DV H LQLWLDO PLQLQ WD HW EHW HHQ HD DQG HD W\SLFDO FDYDWR DQG WLF ODWHG FN PHW RG LV HPSOR\HG LQ LF D VH LHV RI IW L EHQF HV H W DFWHG E\ LOO DQG EODVW PHW RGV VWD WLQ QHD W LOOWRS DQG R NLQ GR D H VDQG LV LOOHG DQG EODVWHG RQ YH LGH SDWWH WR IO II R GLVD DWH H VDQG DLQV 7 PLQHG VDQG LV D OHG WR H HW RFHVV SODQW ORFDWHG RQ H QR H VHFWLRQ RI H RSH W\ IR LQLWLDO RFHVVLQ H SLWV H GH DWH HG DV QHHGHG DQG H DWH LV PSHG LQWR ROGLQ SRQG DW H QR HVW HD RI H VR VHFWLRQ LR WR VDPSOLQ DQG GLVF LQ )L SD LOO VW DWHV H HQW DFWLYH PLQLQ D HD ORFDWHG RQ H HVWH HG RI H RSH W\ 5HVH YHV LQ H HVWH R WF RS HD LOO EH PLQHG QWLO PLG 0LQLQ LOO HQ R HVV LQ QR WR VR VR HDVW GL HFWLRQ QWLO DOO HQW HVH YHV D H D VWHG LQ DSS LPDWHO\ \HD LQ H RYH GHQ LV PLQLPDO RQ H HVWH HG RI H GHSRVLW H H VDQGVWRQH WF RSV W WR H VR DQG HDVW H RYH GHQ LFNQHVV LQF HDVHV DQG DYH HV DSS LPDWHO\ IW R W S RSH W\ 7 RYH GHQ FRQVLVWLQ RI FRPELQDWLRQ RI VRLO FOD\ DQG FOD\ VDQGVWRQH PL LV LOOHG DQG EODVWHG WR IO II H PDWH LDO EHIR ORDGLQ DQG HPRYDO OO RYH GHQ PDWH LDO LV VWR HG RQ VLWH IR HYHQW DO HFODPDWLRQ RI H ODL VLWH 7 F HQW PLQH SODQ DQG SOR DWLRQ LOOLQ DYH RMHFWHG H SLW WR WHQG GR WR D EDVHPHQW HOHYDWLRQ RI DSS LPDWHO\ IW DPVO 

7 G LOOLQ DQG EODVWLQ D FRQW DFWHG WR W G SD W\ YHQGR DQG H SH IR PHG RQ DQ DV QHHGHG EDVLV H H FWLR LWH OH H R O :H H 0 G SP II 7 PLQLQ RSH DWLRQ RSH DWHV EHW HHQ PLG 0D WR PLG 1RYHPEH DQG WV GR G LQ LQWH H PLQH LV VF HG OHG WR RSH DWH IR GD\V HHN QQLQ W EDFN WR EDFN HL W R LIWV FRQVHF WLYHO\ LGD\ LIW FDQ EH DGGHG LI HT HG ,W LV H SHFWHG DW RG FWLRQ LOO HV PH LQ 0D\ RI DW DWH RI WS RI 520 7 VF HG OH LV L O\ GHSHQGHQW RQ RG FW GHPDQG DQG LV DGM VWHG HT HQWO\ 7 S LPD SLW PRELOH HT LSPHQW LQYROYHG LQ VDQG FDYDWLRQ LQFO GHV DW ORDGH DW ORDGH 9ROYR D W FNV DW D W FNV 

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

TB-12 2 0 5 4 -2 0 6 3 2 0 4 4 -2 0 5 3 2 0 3 9 -2 0 4 3 2 0 6 4 -2 0 7 3 2 0 3 3 -2 0 3 8 2 0 7 4 -2 0 8 3 2 0 2 8 -2 0 3 2 2023 2027 2025 2024 2026 20 26 TB-1 TB-2 TB-3TB-4 TB-5 TB-6 TB-7 TB-9 EW-9 TB-10 TB-11 PW-B2 MW-B3S TB-8 7-5 0 1,000 2,000 3,000 SCALE (Feet) Dry Plant Wet Plant Conveyor Mine plan provided by Smart Sand, Inc. Ammended by John T Boyd Co. February 2024 Scale 1 = 2500' FIGURE 7.2 BLAIR OPERATION LIFE OF MINE PLAN Jackson and Trempealeau Cos., Wisconsin Prepared For SMART SAND, INC. Q :\ E N G _ W P \3 5 5 5 .0 2 4 - B la ir \F IG U R E 7 -2 .m xd Legend Property Boundary Mine Extent Drill Hole Location Mined Out Area TB-1 

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

ORFDWLRQ RI H 0RQWQH\ DVLQ DQG DOO RLO DQG DV HOOV GULOOHG VLQFH IWHU ULVLQ T LFNO\ EHW HHQ DQG SULFHV UHWUHDWHG H WR USO RI RLO SURG FWLRQ LQ H PDUNHW 3ULFHV D EHHQ VWHDG\ LW W H FHSWLRQ RI 29, D HUD LQ EHW HHQ H L DQG OR V SHU EDUUHO DO RI 0R D D OO O G D : OO OO 6 F 6R F (5 

)L UH EHOR LOO VWUDWHV H HUD DQQ DO SULFH IRU :HVWHUQ DQDGLDQ 6HOHFW : FU GH RLO ORFDWHG LQ OEHUWD DQG ULWLV RO PELD D DO D DGD O FW O 6R F 6WDW WD 5L FR QWV LQ :HVWHUQ DQDGD LQGLFDWH UHER QG RI GULOOLQ DFWL LW\ HU H SDVW UHH \HDUV H PEHU RI UL RUNLQ W LV LQWHU LV UR LQ WR UHH \HDU L V DV LOO VWUDWHG LQ )L UH EHOR FW OO 5 D DGD 6R F 2( 

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

HOO SDG EHFRPLQ PRUH HIILFLHQW IURP FRVW SHUVSHFWL DQG HUDOO QDW UDO DV SURG FWLRQ LV VWDEOH DV FDQ EH VHHQ IURP )L UH EHOR SSDODF D 5 R W G RG FW 5 6R F SSDODF D RG FW 6R F D LQ V L HG H DOOHQ LQ HQ LURQPHQW RI DQG 6PDUW 6DQG ODLU 2SHUDWLRQ R OG FRQWLQ WR SUR LDEOH LQWR H W UH QRW LW VWDQGLQ D VWDLQHG DQG VL QLILFDQW HQHU SULFH FROODSVH HLU OR FRVW PLQLQ VF HPH DG DQWD HG 

WUDQVSRUW WR VHOHFW EDVLQV DQG L DOLW\ SURG FW HOS WR FUHDWH DQ DG DQWD FRPSDUHG LW RW HU 1:6 SURG FHUV 4 (1 B:3 ODLU :3 5HSRUW 0DUNHW QDO\VLV GRF 

3, 1 23 ,1 2 , URG LR 6PDUW 6DQG DFT LUHG H ODLU 2SHUDWLRQ IURP L U LQ 0DUF 6PDUW 6DQG SURYLGHG 2 LW LVWRULFDO SURG FWLRQ IRU H SHULRG W UR HYHU QR LVWRULFDO ILQDQFLDO VDOHV RU FRVW DS( 2S( GDWD DV DYDLODEOH IRU H ODLU 2SHUDWLRQ 7 HUHIRUH IRU USRVHV RI FRPSLOLQ W 756 RQO\ LVWRULFDO SURG FWLRQ LOO EH UHYLH HG DQG DOO RW HU ILQDQFLDO LQIRUPDWLRQ LV EDVHG RQ 6PDUW 6DQG IRUHFDVW RI I UH SHUIRUPDQFH LV RUL DO 3URG LR H HV G 2SHUD RV L LF 3 F 7DEOH EHOR SUHVHQWV ODLU LVWRULFDO VDOHV GDWD IRU H SHULRG DQG 7 EOH LF 6 OH 6 LF HDU 7RQV 6ROG 7RWDO 2SHUDWLRQV ,GOHG )L UH IROOR LQ W LV SD SUHVHQWV H SURG FW VL HV VROG HDF \HDU ,Q H SHDN VDOHV \HDU DER RI H WRQV VROG FRQVLVWV RI H ILQHU VL SURG FWV PHV DQG DSSUR LPDWHO\ RI H SURG FWV VROG FRQVLVWHG RI 

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d 

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

7RWDO FDSLWDO SURMHFWLRQV IRU H OLIH RI H RSHUDWLRQ DUH DSSUR LPDWHO\ PLOOLRQ 7 FDSLWDO FRVW HVWLPDWHV DSSHDU UHDVRQDEOH DQG VWRPDU\ IRU SODQW LW DQ DSSUR LPDWH PLOOLRQ WS\ FDSDFLW\ 4 (1 B:3 ODLU :3 5HSRUW DSLWDO DQG 2SHUDWLQ RVWV GRF 

2120 L DV IOR SURMHFWLRQV IRU H ODLU 2SHUDWLRQ DYH EHHQ JHQHUDWHG IURP H SURSRVHG /20 SURG FWLRQ VF HG OHV UHYHQ HV FRVW RI JRRGV VROG 2 DQG DS( HVWLPDWHV GLVF VVHG LQ DSWHU V PPDU\ RI H NH\ DVV PSWLRQV VHG LV SURYLGHG EHOR /20 520 SURSSDQW VDQG WRQV DQG SURG FW WRQV VROG HUH EDVHG RQ H WRWDO SURSSDQW VDQG UHVHUYH HVWLPDWHV GLVF VVHG LQ DSWHU RI LV UHSRUW 2 

DQDO\VLV FRQILUPV DW H RSHUDWLRQ JHQHUDWHV SRVLWLYH QHW SUHVHQW YDO 139 EDVHG RQ GLVFR QW UDWH RQ SUH WD DQG DIWHU WD EDVLV W DW SSRUWV H VWDWHPHQW RI SURSSDQW VDQG UHVHUYHV HUHLQ DV V 7DEOH EHOR SUHVHQWV H SUH WD DQG DIWHU WD FDV IOR SURMHFWLRQV IRU H \HDUV W UR EDVHG RQ H SURSRVHG SURG FWLRQ VF HG OH UHYHQ 2 DS( DQG RW HU HVWLPDWHV GLVF VVHG DERYH IRU H ODLU 2SHUDWLRQ 139 RQ SUH WD DQG DIWHU WD EDVLV VLQJ GLVFR QW UDWHV RI DQG HUH FDOF ODWHG WLOL LQJ H FDV IOR DERYH 7 139 YDO HV VHG PLG \HDU GLVFR QWLQJ DQG DOO FDV IOR HUH RQ FRQVWDQW GROODU EDVLV HVFULSWLRQ 8QLWV 2SHQLQJ 5HVHUYH DODQFH WRQV ORVLQJ 5HVHUYH DODQFH WRQV 3URFHVV 

5HIHU WR 7DEOH IROOR LQJ LV SDJH IRU H GHWDLOHG /20 FDV IOR DQDO\VLV DQG FRUUHVSRQGLQJ SUH WD DQG DIWHU WD 139 DQDO\VHV DW GLVFR QW UDWH 2 

3 5 7 1 7 5 7 6 2 : 1 6 ,6 6 0 5 7 6 1 ,5 2 3 5 7 ,2 1 7 H P H D OH D X D G - D FN VR R X WL H V : , 3 H S D H G R 6 0 5 7 6 1 , 1 \ - R 7 R \G R P S D \ 0 L L J D G H R OR J LF D O R VX OWD WV F e b ru a ry V R I -D 3 R G X F WLR 6 WD WLV WLF V 7 R V 5 2 0 3 R G X F WLR \ 3 OD W 3 R G X FW 2 Y H D OO 3 R FH VV L J 5 H F R Y H \ 6 D OH V D G L D FL D O D WD 7 R WD O 7 R V 6 R OG 3 R G X F W 3 L FL J S H WR : H LJ WH G YH D J H 5 H Y H X H V 7 R WD O 6 D OH V 5 H Y H X H V 2 6 S H WR V R OG 6 S H WR V R OG 7 R WD O 2 6 S H WR V R OG ,7 S H WR V R OG D S 7 R WD O D S 1 H W 3 H 7 D D V OR H G H D O D G 6 WD WH , FR P H 7 D H V IW H 7 D 1 H W D V OR 1 3 9 D O\ V LV 3 H 7 D LV F R X WH G D V OR V D W X P X OD WL Y H 3 H 7 D LV F R X WH G D V OR V D W IW H 7 D LV F R X WH G D V OR V D W X P X OD WL Y H IW H 7 D LV FR X WH G D V OR V D W E t W t W W 4 

V V 6HQVLWLYLW\ DQDO\VHV IRU H DIWHU WD FDV IOR FRQVLGHULQJ DQJHV WR H DYHUDJH VDOHV SULFH 63 DQG 2 HUH SUHSDUHG VLQJ GLVFR QW UDWHV RI 5HYHQ HV HUH DGM VWHG LQ LQFUHPHQWV RI DQG UDQJH IURP PLQ WR SO RI EDVH UHYHQ HV DV QRWHG LQ 7DEOH EHOR D D 1 V V P V 63 6HQVLWLYLW\ 2 6 6 H Q VL WLY LW\ 4 (1 B:3 ODLU :3 5HSRUW (FRQRPLF QDO\VLV GRF 

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

LF RXOG PDWHULDOO\ LPSDFW H IUDF VDQG UHVHUYH HVWLPDWH XUUHQWO\ 6PDUW 6DQG LV ILQDOL LQJ WUDQVIHU RI SHUPLW QHUV LS IURP L UXV WR H FXUUHQW QHUV ,W LV DQWLFLSDWHG DW H SHUPLW WUDQVIHUV LOO EH FRPSOHWHG LW QR LVVXHV DQG LQ WLPHO\ PDQQHU 4 (1 B:3 ODLU :3 5HSRUW 3HUPLWWLQJ DQG RPSOLDQFH GRF 

1 21 21 21 L L HG RQ QGHSHQGHQW WH Q DO HY DQG HR HQW G\ RI H OD QH RQ GH II HQW GDWD DYH EHHQ REWD QHG H WH SOR DW RQ DQG DPSO S DP DQG Q RSH DW RQ WR SSR W HROR DO QWH HWDW RQ RI HDP W NQH D G W E RQ DQG 3, DO W\ IR W SR RQ RI H DQG QGH O\ H RQW ROOHG RSH W\ H GDWD H RI II HQW DQW W\ DQG HO DE W\ WR HD RQDEO\ SSR W DQG H H DQG DQG H YH W PDWH W WH Q DO HSR PPD PDWH RI RSSDQW DQG H YH HSR WHG H Q H HD RQDEO\ DQG DSS RS DWHO\ SSR WHG E\ WH Q DO W H RQ GH P Q SODQ HYHQ DQG RSH DW DQG DS WDO R H PDWH P OO RQ RG W WRQ RI RSSDQW DQG H YH RI H HPEH GHQW HG RQ H RSH W\ H RQRP DOO\ W WDEOH QGH HD RQDEOH H SH WDW RQ RI PD NHW YRO PH DQG IR S RSSDQW DQG RG W W PDWHG RSH DW RQ R DQG DS WDO SHQG H QR RW HOHYDQW GDWD QIR PDW RQ PDWH DO WR H OD QH DW QH \ WR PDNH WH Q DO HSR PPD QRW OHDG L LILFD L F DL L DQ\ Q RMH W H H H WD H HQW N D R DWHG H RYH DOO RSH DW RQ RI ID O W\ PD DQG D II HQWO\ W DWHG RSH DW RQDO N REWD Q II HQW HROR DPSO QIR PDW RQ DQG DQDO\ GG RQDOO\ PD DQG D HQ QHH HG H R Q SODQW WR Q GH SD DOOHO SO DWH R W I DQWO\ Q HD SODQW DYD ODE W\ HYH W OG EH QRWHG DW RSSDQW DQG HQH DOO\ PD NHWHG YHO\ WR H HQH \ QG W WR DOO\ EHHQ YRODW OH QG W 4 (1 B:3 OD :3 5HSR RQ RQ GR 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 a2023q410kex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Smart Sand, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 List of Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2023 
 Subsidiaries State of Organization Fairview Cranberry, LLC Wisconsin Will Logistics, LLC Pennsylvania Smart Sand Live Oak LLC Delaware Smart Sand Fayette County LLC Delaware Smart Sand Hixton LLC Delaware Smart Sand Reagan County LLC Delaware Smart Sand Tom Green County LLC Delaware Smart Sand Oakdale LLC Delaware SSI Logistics LLC Delaware SSI Permian I, LLC Delaware SSI Permian II, LLC Delaware Smart Sand Holdings, LLC Delaware SSI Bakken I, LLC Delaware Quickthree Technology, LLC Delaware SSI Marcellus I, LLC Delaware Bakken Silo Servicing, LLC Delaware SSI Oil and Gas Proppants Holdings, LLC Delaware SSI Oil and Gas Proppants, LLC Delaware CRS Proppants LLC Delaware Northern White Sand LLC Delaware Smart Sand Blair, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 a202310-kex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We have issued our report dated March 11, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of Smart Sand, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statements of Smart Sand, Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-251915) and on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-270118, File No. 333-214699, File No. 333-214700 and File No. 333-239057). 
 
 s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 March 11, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 8
 a202310kex232.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 
 
 LETTERHEAD OF JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 
 
 March 11, 2024 
 File 3555.010 
 
 CONSENT OF JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY TO BE NAMED IN REGISTRATION STATEMENT 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen, 
 
 The undersigned hereby consents to the references to our firm in the form and context in which they appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Annual Report and the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023 (the Quarterly Reports ). We hereby further consent to (i) the use in the Annual Report and the Quarterly Reports of information relating to our Technical Report Summaries for Frac Sand Resources and Reserves for Oakdale,Utica, and Blair Mines and (ii) the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-251915) of Smart Sand, Inc., including any amendment thereto, any related prospectus and any related prospectus supplement of such information. 
 
 Respectfully submitted, 
 
 JOHN T. BOYD COMPANY 
 By 
 
 s Ronald L. Lewis _____________ 
 Ronald L. Lewis 
 Managing Director and COO 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 a202310-kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION BY PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Charles E. Young, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Smart Sand, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a). All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated March 11, 2024 
 s Charles E. Young Charles E. Young, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 a202310-kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION BY PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Lee E. Beckelman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Smart Sand, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated March 11, 2024 
 s Lee E. Beckelman Lee E. Beckelman, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 a202310-kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Smart Sand, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Charles E. Young, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 Dated March 11, 2024 s Charles E. Young Charles E. Young, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 a202310-kex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Smart Sand, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lee E. Beckelman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 Dated March 11, 2024 s Lee E. Beckelman Lee E. Beckelman, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95.1>
 13
 a202310-kex951.htm
 EX-95.1

Document 

Exhibit 95.1 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 The following disclosures are provided pursuant to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K, which requires certain disclosures by companies required to file periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that operate mines regulated under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act ). 
 Mine Safety Information 
 Whenever the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA believes a violation of the Mine Act, any health or safety standard or any regulation has occurred, it may issue a citation which describes the alleged violation and fixes a time within which the U.S. mining operator must abate the alleged violation. In some situations, such as when MSHA believes that conditions pose a hazard to miners, MSHA may issue an order removing miners from the area of the mine affected by the condition until the alleged hazards are corrected. When MSHA issues a citation or order, it generally proposes a civil penalty, or fine, as a result of the alleged violation, that the operator is ordered to pay. Citations and orders can be contested and appealed, and as part of that process, may be reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed. The number of citations, orders and proposed assessments vary depending on the size and type (underground or surface) of the mine as well as by the MSHA inspector(s) assigned. 
 Mine Safety Data 
 The following provides additional information about references used in the table below to describe the categories of violations, orders or citations issued by MSHA under the Mine Act 
 Section 104 S&S Citations Citations received from MSHA under section 104 of the Mine Act for violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a mine safety or health hazard. 
 Section 104(b) Orders Orders issued by MSHA under section 104(b) of the Mine Act, which represents a failure to abate a citation under section 104(a) within the period of time prescribed by MSHA. This results in an order of immediate withdrawal from the area of the mine affected by the condition until MSHA determines that the violation has been abated. 
 Section 104(d) Citations and Orders Citations and orders issued by MSHA under section 104(d) of the Mine Act for an unwarrantable failure to comply with mandatory health or safety standards. 
 Section 110(b)(2) Violations Flagrant violations issued by MSHA under section 110(b)(2) of the Mine Act. 
 Section 107(a) Orders Orders issued by MSHA under section 107(a) of the Mine Act for situations in which MSHA determined an imminent danger (as defined by MSHA) existed. 
 Pattern or Potential Pattern of Violations 
 The following provides additional information about references used in the table below to describe elevated pattern of violation enforcement actions taken by MSHA under the Mine Act 
 Pattern of Violations A pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that are of such nature as could have significantly and substantially contributed to the cause and effect of mine health or safety hazards under section 104(e) of the Mine Act. 
 Potential Pattern of Violations The potential to have a pattern of violations under section 104(e). 

Pending Legal Actions 
 The following provides additional information of the types of proceedings brought before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission FMSHRC 
 Contest Proceedings A contest proceeding may be filed by an operator to challenge the issuance of a citation or order issued by MSHA. 
 Civil Penalty Proceedings A civil penalty proceeding may be filed by an operator to challenge a civil penalty MSHA has proposed for a violation contained in a citation or order. The operator does not institute civil penalty proceedings based solely on the assessment amount of proposed penalties. Any initiated adjudications address substantive matters of law and policy instituted on conditions that are alleged to be in violation of mandatory standards of the Mine Act. 
 Discrimination Proceedings Involves a miner s allegation that he or she has suffered adverse employment action because he or she engaged in activity protected under the Mine Act, such as making a safety complaint. Also includes temporary reinstatement proceedings involving cases in which a miner has filed a complaint with MSHA stating that he or she has suffered discrimination and the miner has lost his or her position. 
 Compensation Proceedings A compensation proceeding may be filed by miners entitled to compensation when a mine is closed by certain closure orders issued by MSHA. The purpose of the proceeding is to determine the amount of compensation, if any, due to miners idled by the orders. 
 Temporary Relief Applications for temporary relief are applications filed under section 105(b)(2) of the Mine Act for temporary relief from any modification or termination of any order. 
 Appeals An appeal may be filed by an operator to challenge judges decisions or orders to the Commission, including petitions for discretionary review and review by the Commission on its own motion. 

For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2023 Mine (1) 
 Oakdale, WI 4703625 Taylor, WI 
 4703759 
 Ottawa, IL 
 1103253 
 Section 104 citations for violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a mine safety or health hazard (#) Section 104(b) orders (#) Section 104(d) citations and orders (#) Section 110(b)(2) violations (#) Section 107(a) orders (#) Proposed assessments under MSHA (2) 
 1,293 143 Mining-related fatalities (#) Section 104(e) notice Notice of the potential for a pattern of violations under Section 104(e) Legal actions before the FMSHRC initiated (#) Legal actions before the FMSHRC resolved (#) 1 Legal actions pending before the FMSHRC, end of period Contests of citations and orders referenced in Subpart B of 29 CFR Part 2700 (#) Contests of proposed penalties referenced in Subpart C of 29 CFR Part 2700 (#) 1 Complaints for compensation referenced in Subpart D of 29 CFR Part 2700 (#) Complaints of discharge, discrimination or interference referenced in Subpart E of 29 CFR Part 2700 (#) Applications for temporary relief referenced in Subpart F of 29 CFR Part 2700 (#) Appeals of judges decisions or orders referenced in Subpart H of 29 CFR Part 2700 (#) Total pending legal actions (#) 
 (1) The definition of mine under section 3 of the Mine Act includes the mine, as well as other items used in, or to be used in, or resulting from, the work of extracting minerals, such as land, structures, facilities, equipment, machines, tools and minerals preparation facilities. Unless otherwise indicated, any of these other items associated with a single mine have been aggregated in the totals for that mine. MSHA assigns an identification number to each mine and may or may not assign separate identification numbers to related facilities such as preparation facilities. We are providing the information in the table by mine rather than MSHA identification number because that is how we manage and operate our mining business and we believe this presentation will be more useful to investors than providing information based on MSHA identification numbers. 
 (2) Represents the total dollar value of the proposed assessments from MSHA under the Mine Act for the twelve months preceding December 31, 2023, for all citations orders assessed, not just those disclosed in the rows preceding such dollar value. 

</EX-95.1>

<EX-97.1>
 14
 a2023exhibit971.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 

SMART SAND, INC. 
 POLICY FOR RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION 
 Smart Sand, Inc. (the Company has adopted this Policy for Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation (the Policy ), effective as of October 2, 2023 (the Effective Date ). Capitalized terms used in this Policy but not otherwise defined herein are defined in Section 11. 
 1. Persons Subject to Policy 
 This Policy shall apply to current and former Officers. 
 2. Compensation Subject to Policy 
 This Policy shall apply to Incentive-Based Compensation received on or after the Effective Date. For purposes of this Policy, the date on which Incentive-Based Compensation is received shall be determined under the Applicable Rules, which generally provide that Incentive-Based Compensation is received in the Company s fiscal period during which the relevant Financial Reporting Measure is attained or satisfied, without regard to whether the grant, vesting or payment of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 3. Recovery of Compensation 
 In the event that the Company is required to prepare a Restatement, the Company shall recover, reasonably promptly, and in accordance with Section 4 below, the portion of any Incentive-Based Compensation that is Erroneously Awarded Compensation, unless the Committee has determined that recovery from the relevant current or former Officer would be Impracticable. Recovery shall be required in accordance with the preceding sentence regardless of whether the applicable Officer engaged in misconduct or otherwise caused or contributed to the requirement for the Restatement and regardless of whether or when restated financial statements are filed by the Company. For clarity, the recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation under this Policy will not give rise to any Officer s right to voluntarily terminate employment for good reason or due to a constructive termination (or any similar term of like effect) under any plan, program or policy of or agreement with the Company or any of its affiliates. 
 4. Manner of Recovery Limitation on Duplicative Recovery 
 The Committee shall, in its sole discretion, determine the manner of recovery of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation, which may include, without limitation, reduction or cancellation by the Company or an affiliate of the Company of Incentive-Based Compensation or Erroneously Awarded Compensation, reimbursement or repayment by any person subject to this Policy, and, to the extent permitted by law, an offset of the Erroneously Awarded Compensation against other compensation payable by the Company or an affiliate of the Company to such person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise prohibited by the Applicable Rules, to the extent this Policy provides for recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation already recovered by the Company pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or Other Recovery Arrangements, the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation already recovered 

by the Company from the recipient of such Erroneously Awarded Compensation may be credited to the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation required to be recovered pursuant to this Policy from such person. 
 5. Administration 
 This Policy shall be administered, interpreted and construed by the Committee, which is authorized to make all determinations necessary, appropriate or advisable for such purpose. The Board may re-vest in itself the authority to administer, interpret and construe this Policy in accordance with applicable law, and in such event references herein to the Committee shall be deemed to be references to the Board. Subject to any permitted review by the applicable national securities exchange or association pursuant to the Applicable Rules, all determinations and decisions made by the Committee pursuant to the provisions of this Policy shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons, including the Company and its affiliates, stockholders and employees. The Committee may delegate administrative duties with respect to this Policy to one or more directors or employees of the Company, as permitted under applicable law, including any Applicable Rules. 
 6. Interpretation 
 This Policy shall be interpreted and applied in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of the Applicable Rules, and to the extent this Policy is inconsistent with such Applicable Rules, it shall be deemed amended to the minimum extent necessary to ensure compliance therewith. 
 7. No Indemnification No Liability 
 The Company shall not indemnify or insure any person against the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation pursuant to this Policy, nor shall the Company directly or indirectly pay or reimburse any person for any premiums for third-party insurance policies that such person may elect to purchase to fund such person s potential obligations under this Policy. None of the Company, an affiliate of the Company or any member of the Committee or the Board shall have any liability to any person as a result of actions taken under this Policy. 
 8. Application Enforceability 
 Except as otherwise determined by the Committee or the Board, the adoption of this Policy does not limit, and is intended to apply in addition to, any Other Recovery Arrangements . Subject to Section 4, the remedy specified in this Policy shall not be exclusive and shall be in addition to every other right or remedy at law or in equity that may be available to the Company or an affiliate of the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law and regulations. 
 9. Severability 
 The provisions in this Policy are intended to be applied to the fullest extent of the law provided, however, to the extent that any provision of this Policy is found to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such provision will be applied to the maximum extent 

permitted, and shall automatically be deemed amended in a manner consistent with its objectives to the extent necessary to conform to any limitations required under applicable law. 
 10. Amendment and Termination 
 The Board or the Committee may amend, modify or terminate this Policy in whole or in part at any time and from time to time in its sole discretion. This Policy will terminate automatically when the Company does not have a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or association. 
 11. Definitions 
 Applicable Rules means Section 10D of the Exchange Act, Rule 10D-1 promulgated thereunder, the listing rules of the national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed, and any applicable rules, standards or other guidance adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission or any national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed. 
 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 Committee means the committee of the Board responsible for executive compensation decisions comprised solely of independent directors (as determined under the Applicable Rules), or in the absence of such a committee, a majority of the independent directors serving on the Board. 
 Erroneously Awarded Compensation means the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation received by a current or former Officer that exceeds the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that would have been received by such current or former Officer based on a restated Financial Reporting Measure, as determined on a pre-tax basis in accordance with the Applicable Rules. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Financial Reporting Measure means any measure determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measures derived wholly or in part from such measures, including GAAP, IFRS and non-GAAP IFRS financial measures, as well as stock or share price and total stockholder return. 
 GAAP means United States generally accepted accounting principles. 
 IFRS means international financial reporting standards as adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
 Impracticable means (a) the direct expense paid to third parties to assist in enforcing recovery would exceed the Erroneously Awarded Compensation provided that the Company has (i) made reasonable attempt(s) to recover the Erroneously Awarded Compensation, (ii) documented such reasonable attempt(s), and (iii) provided such documentation to the relevant listing exchange or association, (b) the recovery would violate the Company s home country laws adopted prior to November 28, 2022 pursuant to an opinion of home country counsel 

provided that the Company has (i) obtained an opinion of home country counsel, acceptable to the relevant listing exchange or association, that recovery would result in such a violation, and (ii) provided such opinion to the relevant listing exchange or association, or (c) recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and the regulations thereunder. 
 Incentive-Based Compensation means, with respect to a Restatement, any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of one or more Financial Reporting Measures and received by a person (a) after such person began service as an Officer (b) who served as an Officer at any time during the performance period for that compensation (c) while the Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or association and (d) during the applicable Three-Year Period. 
 Officer means each person who the Company determines serves as a Company officer, as defined in Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 Other Recovery Arrangements means any clawback, recoupment, forfeiture or similar policies or provisions of the Company or its affiliates, including any such policies or provisions of such effect contained in any employment agreement, bonus plan, incentive plan, equity-based plan or award agreement thereunder or similar plan, program or agreement of the Company or an affiliate or required under applicable law. 
 Restatement means an accounting restatement to correct the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under securities laws, including restatements that correct an error in previously issued financial statements (a) that is material to the previously issued financial statements or (b) that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 
 Three-Year Period means, with respect to a Restatement, the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date that the Board, a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare such Restatement, or, if earlier, the date on which a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare such Restatement. The Three-Year Period also includes any transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) within or immediately following the three completed fiscal years identified in the preceding sentence. However, a transition period between the last day of the Company s previous fiscal year end and the first day of its new fiscal year that comprises a period of nine to 12 months shall be deemed a completed fiscal year. 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 snd-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 snd-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 snd-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 snd-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 snd-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

