<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240325_10-Q_edgar_data_1762239_0001731122-24-000480.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4088454</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103606</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>870210</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>913700</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>970749</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1149500</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-24-000480.hdr.sgml : 20240325
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240325170157
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-24-000480
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240325
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240325

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001762239
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-NONSTORE RETAILERS [5960]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				833492907
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40641
		FILM NUMBER:		24780024

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4460 OLD DIXIE HIGHWAY
		CITY:			GRANT-VALKARIA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32949
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(833) 452-4825

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4460 OLD DIXIE HIGHWAY
		CITY:			GRANT-VALKARIA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32949

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Quick Start Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181218

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-24-000480.txt : 20240325

10-Q
 1
 e5504_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________
to ____________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

 (Address of principal
executive offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 

 (Former name, former address, and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market, LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of March 25, 2024, there were shares of common stock,
 0.001 par value, outstanding. 

KAIVAL BRANDS INNOVATIONS GROUP, INC. 

FORM 10-Q 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 
 
 Page 

Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 

PART I 
 Financial Information 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 F-1 

Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-1 

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-2 

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-3 

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 
 
 Item 2 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 1 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 7 

Results of Operations 
 8 

Emerging Growth Company 
 9 
 
 Item 3 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 9 
 
 Item 4 
 Controls and Procedures 
 9 

PART II 
 Other Information 
 1 0 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 10 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 10 
 
 Item 3 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 10 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 10 
 
 Item 5 
 Other Information 
 10 
 
 Item 6 
 Exhibits 
 11 

Signatures 
 12 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Certain
statements and information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2024 (this Report contain or may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act ), Section 21 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We generally use the words may, should, 
 believe, expect, intend, plan, anticipate, likely, 
 estimate, potential, continue, will, and similar expressions to identify
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical facts, but rather reflect our current expectations
concerning future events and results, including, without limitation, statements related to: 

our substantial reliance on, and efforts to diversify our business from, the business of our affiliate Bidi Vapor, LLC Bidi 

our ability to raise required funding in the form of debt or equity both in the near and longer term; 

our ability to obtain from, and pay for, Bidi products we distribute; 

our ability to integrate and ultimately enter into licenses for or create products relating to the intellectual property assets we acquired from GoFire, Inc. on May 30, 2023; 

the impact of the August 2022 11th Circuit Court of Appeals decision overturning the U.S. Food and Drug Administration s FDA previous denial of Bidi s Premarket Tobacco Product Application PMTA for its non-tobacco flavored BIDI Stick electronic nicotine delivery system ENDS ), which we are permitted to distribute in the U.S. subject to FDA enforcement and maintenance of all state licenses and permits, and the outcome of the FDA s pending review of such PMTA, the denial of which could have a substantial adverse impact on our company; 

the impact of the FDA s marketing denial order MDO in January 2024 regarding the Classic BIDI Stick tobacco-flavored ENDS product, which has the potential to have a substantial adverse impact on our company; 

the outcome of Bidi Vapor s petition with the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals regarding the January 2024 MDO related to Classic BIDI Stick; 

our
 substantial reliance on QuikfillRx, LLC (now known as Kaival Marketing Services) to provide key
sales, marketing and other support services to us. QuikfillRx, LLC provides advertising and marketing services. The Contract with QuikfillRx,
LLC was terminated in Feb 2024 

our relationship with, and the results of marketing and sales activity by, Phillip Morris International, to whom we have licensed international rights to distribute Bidi products and from who we are entitled to receive royalty payments; 

the influence on our company of Kaival Holdings, LLC, our majority shareholder which is controlled by Nirajkumar Patel, our Chief Executive Officer and a director of our company, and the potential for conflicts of interests between Kaival Holdings and our company and our minority stockholders ; 

our relationships with, and reliance on, third party distributors and brokers to arrange for sales of our products; 

the market perception of Bidi products we distribute and related impacts on our reputation; 

the impact of black-market goods on our business; 

the demand for Bidi products we distribute; 

anticipated product performance, and our market and industry expectations; 

our ability or plans to diversify our product offerings; 

the impact of government regulation, laws or consumer preferences generally, or changes thereto, that could affect our business; and circumstances or developments that may make us unable to implement or realize the anticipated benefits, or that may increase the costs of, our current and planned business initiatives, including matters over which we have little or no control such as COVID-19. 

ii 

Forward-looking
statements, including those concerning our expectations, involve significant risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which
are beyond our control, which may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements, or industry results to be materially
different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. See the
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation section contained in this
Report and the section Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2023, for a
listing of some of the factors that could cause the results anticipated by our forward-looking statements to differ from actual
future results. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we undertake no
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events,
or otherwise. You are cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking statements when evaluating the information presented
in this Report. 

Potential investors should
not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Except as expressly required by the federal securities laws, there
is no undertaking to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events,
changed circumstances or any other reason. 

The forward-looking statements
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q represent our views as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Such statements
are presented only as a guide about future possibilities and do not represent assured events, and we anticipate that subsequent
events and developments will cause our views to change. You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking statements as
representing our views as of any date after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

This Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q also contains estimates and other statistical data prepared by independent parties and by us relating to market size
and growth and other data about our industry. These estimates and data involve a number of assumptions and limitations, and potential
investors are cautioned not to give undue weight to these estimates and data. We have not independently verified the statistical
and other industry data generated by independent parties and contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition, projections,
assumptions and estimates of our future performance and the future performance of the industries in which we operate are necessarily
subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk. 

Potential investors should
not make an investment decision based solely on our projections, estimates or expectations. 

iii 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

Kaival Brands
Innovations Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance
Sheets 

 (Unaudited) 

January 31, 2024 
 October 31, 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Inventory deposit related party 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Fixed assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Right of use asset- operating lease 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable- related party 

Loans payable, net 

Accrued expenses 

Customer deposits 

Customer refund due 

Operating lease obligation short term 

Total current liabilities 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES 

Operating lease obligation, net of current portion 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Preferred stock; shares authorized: 

Series A Convertible Preferred stock par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of January 31, 2024, and October 31, 2023, respectively) 

Series B Convertible Preferred stock par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of January 31, 2024, and October 31, 2023, respectively) 

Common stock par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding as of January 31, 2024, and October 31, 2023, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 1 

Kaival Brands
Innovations Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 (Unaudited) 

For the Three Months 
Ended January 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenues 

Revenues, net 

Revenues - related parties 

Royalty revenue 

Excise tax on products 

Total revenues, net 

Cost of revenue 

Cost of revenue - related party 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Advertising and promotions 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Other income 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Interest (expense) income, net 

Total other (expense) income 

Loss before income taxes provision 

Provision (benefit from) for income taxes 

Net loss 

Preferred stock dividend 

Net loss attributable to common shareholder 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity 

 For the Three Months Ended January 31, 2024 

 (Unaudited) 

Convertible Preferred Shares (Series B) 
 
 Par Value Convertible Preferred Shares (Series B) 
 
 Common Shares 
 
 Par Value Common Shares 
 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 
 Total 

Balances, October 31, 2023 

() 

Rounding from reverse split 

() 

Common shares issued for services 

Preferred stock dividend 

() 

() 
 
 Stock option expense 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances, January 31, 2024 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Kaival Brands
Innovations Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity 

 For the Three Months Ended January 31, 2023 

 (Unaudited) 

Convertible Preferred Shares (Series B) 
 Par Value Convertible Preferred Shares (Series B) 
 Common Shares 
 Par Value Common Shares 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total 

Balances, October 31, 2022 

Stock option expense 

Net loss 

Balances, January 31, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Kaival Brands Innovations
Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 (Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended January 31, 2024 
 
 For the Three Months Ended January 31, 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Stock based compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt discount 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Stock option expense 

ROU operating lease expense 

Write-off inventory 

Changes in current assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivable related party 

Prepaid expenses 

Inventory 

() 
 
 Inventory deposit related party 

() 

Income tax receivable 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accounts payable related party 

() 

Accrued expenses 

() 

() 
 
 Deferred revenue 

() 
 
 Customer deposits 

() 
 
 Customer refund due 

() 

Right of use liabilities operating lease 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash paid for equipment 

() 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from loan payables 

Payments on loan payables 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

Net change in cash 

Beginning cash balance 

Ending cash balance 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS 

Preferred stock dividend 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

KAIVAL BRANDS INNOVATIONS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes to Unaudited
Consolidated Financial Statements 

Impact of the FDA PMTA Decision and Subsequent
Court Actions 

In
September 2021, in connection with the PMTA process, the FDA effectively banned flavored ENDS by denying nearly all then-pending
PMTAs for such products. Following the issuance of Marketing Denial Orders MDO ), manufacturers are required to stop selling
non-tobacco flavored ENDS products. 

Bidi, along with nearly every other company
in the ENDS industry, received a MDO for its non-tobacco flavored ENDS products. With respect to Bidi, the MDO covered all non-tobacco
flavored BIDI Sticks, including its Arctic (menthol) BIDI Stick. As a result, beginning in September 2021, Bidi pursued
multiple avenues to challenge the MDO. First, on September 21, 2021, separate from the judicial appeal of the MDO in its entirety,
Bidi filed a 21 C.F.R. 10.75 internal FDA supervisory review request specifically of the decision to include the Arctic
(menthol) BIDI Stick in the MDO. In May 2022, the FDA issued a determination that it views the Arctic BIDI Stick as a
non-tobacco flavored ENDS product, and not strictly a menthol flavored product. 

On September 29, 2021, Bidi petitioned the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit (the 11th Circuit to review the FDA s denial of the comprehensive
PMTAs for its non-tobacco flavored BIDI Stick ENDS, arguing that it was arbitrary and capricious under the Administrative
Procedure Act APA ), as well as ultra vires, for the FDA not to conduct any scientific review of Bidi s comprehensive
applications, as required by the Tobacco Control Act TCA ), to determine whether the BIDI Sticks are appropriate
for the protection of the public health . Bidi further argued that the FDA violated due process and the APA by failing to
provide fair notice of the FDA s new requirement for ENDS companies to conduct long-term comparative smoking cessation studies
for their flavored products, and that the FDA should have gone through the notice and comment rulemaking process for this requirement. 

On October 14, 2021, Bidi requested that the
FDA re-review the MDO and reconsider its position that Bidi did not include certain scientific data in its applications sufficient
to allow the PMTAs to proceed to scientific review. In light of this request, on October 22, 2021, pursuant to 21 C.F.R. 
10.35(a), the FDA issued an administrative stay of Bidi s MDO pending its re-review, permitting the Company to continue sales.
Subsequently, the FDA decided not to rescind the MDO and lifted its administrative stay on December 17, 2021. Following the lifting
of the FDA s administrative stay, Bidi filed a renewed motion to stay the MDO with the 11th Circuit. On February 1, 2022,
the appellate court granted Bidi s motion to stay (i.e., put on hold) the MDO, again allowing the Company to continue sales
pending the litigation on the merits. Oral arguments in the merits-based proceeding were held on May 17, 2022. 

On August 23, 2022, the U.S. Court of Appeals
for the Eleventh Circuit set aside the MDO issued to the non-tobacco flavored BIDI Sticks and remanded Bidi s back to
the FDA for further review. Specifically, the Court held that the MDO was arbitrary and capricious in violation of
the Administrative Procedure Act APA because FDA failed to consider the relevant evidence before it, specifically
Bidi s aggressive and comprehensive marketing and sales-access-restrictions plans designed to prevent youth appeal and access. 

The opinion further
found indicated that the FDA did not properly review the data and evidence that it has long made clear are critical to the appropriate
for the protection of the public health APPH standard for PMTAs set forth in the Tobacco Control Act including,
in Bidi s case, product information, scientific safety testing, literature reviews, consumer insight surveys, and
details about the company s youth access prevention measures, distribution channels, and adult-focused marketing practices, 
which target only existing adult vapor product users, including current adult smokers, as well as our retailer monitoring
program and state-of-the-art anti-counterfeit authentication system. Because a MDO must be based on a consideration of the relevant
factors, such as the marketing and sales-access-restrictions plans, the denial order was deemed arbitrary and capricious, and vacated
by the FDA. 

The FDA did not appeal to the 11th Circuit s
decision. The FDA had until October 7, 2022 (45 days from the August 23, 2022, decision) to either request a panel rehearing or a rehearing
 en banc (a review by the entire 11th Circuit, not just the 3-judge panel that issued the decision), and until November
21, 2022 (90 days after the decision) to seek review of the decision by the U.S. Supreme Court. No request for a rehearing was filed,
and no petition for a writ of certiorari was made to the Supreme Court. In the meantime, the Company anticipates continued ability to
market and sell the non-tobacco flavored BIDI Sticks, subject to the FDA s enforcement discretion, for the duration of the
PMTA scientific review. 

Separately,
on or about May 13, 2022, the FDA placed the tobacco-flavored Classic BIDI Stick into the final Phase III scientific review.
In March 2023, FDA issued a deficiency letter regarding the Classic BIDI Stick PMTA, to which Bidi submitted in June 2023. Subsequently, on January 22, 2024, FDA issued a MDO for the Classic BIDI Stick. On
January 26, 2024, Bidi filed a petition for review of the MDO with the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals, followed by a motion to
stay the MDO. Bidi is arguing, among other things, that the MDO was arbitrary and capricious in violation of the Administrative
Procedure Act. On February 2, 2024, Bidi filed for a Stay Pending Review, which the court denied on February 18, 2024.
The case is now proceeding on the merits, with Bidi s opening merits brief due on April 15 , 2024 . The
Company cannot provide any assurances as to the timing or outcome. Unless the MDO ultimately remanded by the 11 th 
Circuit, the Classic BIDI Stick is considered an adulterated tobacco product the continued marketing and distribution of which
is prohibited. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

FDA has indicated that it is prioritizing enforcement of unauthorized ENDS
against companies (1) that never submitted PMTAs, (2) whose PMTAs have been refused acceptance or filing by the FDA, (3) whose PMTAs remain
subject to MDOs, and (4) that are continuing to market unauthorized synthetic nicotine products after the July 13, 2022, cutoff. Subject
to FDA s enforcement discretion, until the scientific review process is complete on each of Bidi s PMTAs, the Company views
the risk of FDA enforcement against Bidi as low, and is no longer marketing the Classic BIDI Stick per the MDO. The Company anticipates
FDA will move forward with a review of Bidi s PMTA on remand, as directed by the Court; however, the Company cannot provide any
assurances as to the timing or outcome. 

cash equivalents as of January 31, 2024, and October 31, 2023. 

The F ederal Deposit Insurance
Corporation FDIC insures deposits according to the ownership category in which the funds are insured and how
the accounts are titled. The standard deposit insurance coverage limit is 
per depositor, per FDIC-insured bank, per ownership category. The Company had uninsured cash and cash equivalents of 
and 
as of January 31, 2024, and October 31, 2023, respectively. 

as of January 31, 2024, and October 31,
 2023, which is included in accrued expenses in the consolidated balance
sheet. 

as of January 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023 . 

and in deposits from customers, respectively. 

and ,
respectively. 

Revenue is measured by the transaction price,
which is defined as the amount of consideration expected to be received in exchange for providing goods to customers. The transaction
price is adjusted for estimates of known or expected variable consideration, which includes refunds and returns as well as incentive
offers and promotional discounts on current orders. Estimates for sales returns are based on, among other things, an assessment
of historical trends, information from customers, and anticipated returns related to current sales activity. These estimates are
established in the period of sale and reduce revenue in the period of the sale. Variable consideration related to incentive offers
and promotional programs are recorded as a reduction to revenue based on amounts the Company expects to collect. Estimates are
regularly updated, and the impact of any adjustments are recognized in the period the adjustments are identified. In many cases,
key sales terms such as pricing and quantities ordered are established at the time an order is placed and incentives have very
short-term durations. 

Amounts billed and due from customers are short
term in nature and are classified as receivable since payments are unconditional and only the passage of time related to credit
terms is required before payments are due. The Company does not grant payment financing terms greater than one year. Payments received
in advance of revenue recognition are recorded as deferred revenue, as noted above. 

); or (ii) an amount equal to the total of the royalties due to
KBI (but not yet paid) plus the royalties (including the guaranteed royalty payment) paid to KBI pursuant to the PMI License Agreement
during the immediately preceding twelve (12) consecutive months, provided that such amount shall not exceed Thirty Million Dollars ). 

On June 10, 2022, Bidi entered into a License Agreement
(the KBI License Agreement with KBI, pursuant to which KBI has the exclusive irrevocable license to use Bidi s licensed
intellectual property to the extent necessary for KBI to fulfill its obligations set forth in the PMI Licensing Agreement. Such irrevocable
license includes: (i) the right of KBI to grant sub-licenses to PMPSA under the PMI License Agreement for the express purposes set forth
in the PMI License Agreement, but for no other purpose; (ii) the right of KBI to grant to PMPSA the right to grant sub-sub-licenses in
the manner set forth in the PMI License Agreement, but for no other purpose; and (iii) certain branding rights to the extent (but only
to the extent) necessary to permit KBI to perform its obligations to PMPSA as set forth in the PMI License Agreement. 

On August 12, 2023, the Company executed and entered
into a Deed of Amendment No. 1 (the PMI License Amendment with PMPSA, Bidi and KBI. Pursuant to the PMI License Amendment
(which has an effective date of June 30, 2023), the following material changes have been made to the PMI License Agreement: 

1. Royalty Rate. For purposes of determining aggregate
sales threshold, all sales undertaken since commencement of the PMI Licensing Agreement will be counted. 

2. Elimination of Certain Potential
Royalty Adjustments. Certain potential adjustments to the royalties receivable by KBI as provided for in the PMI License Agreement have
been eliminated. 

3. Guaranteed Royalty. The guaranteed
royalty payment owed to KBI under the PMI License Agreement has been eliminated. Instead, royalties will be paid on a quarterly basis
going-forward based on actual sales. Any unpaid guaranteed royalty has been cancelled. 

4. Insurance Tail Requirements.
KBI s requirement to keep certain tail insurance after the expiration or termination of the PMI Licensing Agreement was reduced
from 6 years to 2 years. 

5. Markets. The identification
of the PMI Markets that PMI may enter has been expanded to cover certain additional territories. 

6. Net Reconciliation Payment
to KBI. As a result of the changes to the PMI License Agreement described in paragraphs 1 thought 3 above, the value of such changes was
calculated and reconciled as of the date of commencement of the PMI Licensing Agreement through June 30, 2023. On September 8, 2023, the
Company received the Net Reconciliation Payment from PMPSA of pursuant to this provision. 

The KBI License Agreement provides that KBI shall
pay Bidi license fees equivalent to 50 of the adjusted earned royalty payments, after any offsets due to jointly agreed costs such development
costs incurred for entry to specific international markets. During the year ended October 31, 2023, the Company paid license
fees of approximately 150,000 to Bidi. As of January 31, 2024, no additional license fees are owed to Bidi 

As of October 31, 2023, amounts receivable from PMPSA
in connection with the PMI License Agreement totaled of which and pertain to royalties and reimbursement
of certain non-recurring engineering costs, respectively. As of January 31, 2024, amounts receivable from PMPSA in connection with
the license agreement totaled of which pertain to royalties. 

of the revenue from the sale of Products, solely consisting of the BIDI Stick, was generated
from QuikTrip Corporation, (ii) 16 or of the revenue from the sale of the Products was generated from GPM Investments,
LLC, and (iii) approximately 14 or of the revenue from the sale of Products, solely consisting of the BIDI Stick, was
generated from International Wholesale Club. 

For the three months ended January 31, 2023,
(i) 25 or of the revenue from the sale of Products, solely consisting of the BIDI Stick, was generated
from GPM Investments, LLC, GPM ), (ii) 18 or of the revenue from the sale of the Products was generated
from FAVS Business, FAVS ), and (iii) approximately 15 or of the revenue from the sale of Products, solely
consisting of the BIDI Stick, was generated from H.T. Hackney Co. 

QuikTrip Corporation, with an outstanding balance
of ,
accounted for 
of the total accounts receivable from customers as of January 31, 2024. 

Expected option term (years) 
 
 - 

Expected volatility 
 
 - 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 

The expected term of options granted represents the
period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The expected volatility was based on the volatility in the trading
of the Company s common stock. The assumed discount rate was the default risk-free ten-year interest rate for U.S. Treasury bills. 

ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosures ASC 820 ), defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to
transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between
(1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and
(2) an entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available
in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority
to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below: 

Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g., interest rates); and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. 

Level 3 - Inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. 

Fair value
estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as of January
31, 2024 and October 31, 2023 . The respective
carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair values due to the short-term nature of
these instruments. These financial instruments include cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses.
As of January 31, 2024 and October 31,
2023, the Company did not have any financial assets or liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring
basis. 

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets
or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of these or other risks or uncertainties. 

and as
of January 31, 2024, respectively and and as of October 31, 2023, respectively. Amortizable patents and
technology have a useful life of years with a weighted average remaining useful life of years and years
as of January 31, 2024, and October 31, 2023; respectively. 

The Company recognized amortization expense of
 and for the three months ended January 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Amortization expense is included under general
and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 

Future amortization expense of intangible assets is
as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

The following table shows our loan agreements as of
January 31, 2024 

Weekly 

November 29, 2023 

Weekly 

The following table shows our loan agreements as of
October 31, 2023: 

Inception Date 
 Purchase Price 
 Purchased Amount 
 Outstanding Balance 
 Payment frequency 
 Payment Rate 
 Deferred Finance Fees 
 
 May 9, 2023 

Weekly 

May 9, 2023 

Weekly 

On August 9, 2023, the Company entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with AJB Capital Investments, LLC AJB ), pursuant to which the
Company sold a Promissory Note in the principal amount of 650,000 (the Note to AJB in a private transaction for a
purchase price of 585,000 (giving effect to original issue discount of 65,000). The Note matures on February 8, 2024 (the
 Maturity Date and bears interest at the rate of 10 per annum. Interest shall be payable on a monthly basis beginning
on the date that is one month following the date of issuance of the Note. Provided no event of default (as defined in the Note) is
in effect as of the Maturity Date, the Company may elect to extend the Maturity Date for a period of six (6) months. Pursuant to the
terms of the SPA, the Company paid a commitment fee to AJB in the form of 
shares of Common Stock (the Commitment Fee Shares with a relative fair value of 130,478 which was recognized as
discount to the note. The debt discount and issuance costs are amortized over the term of the note. Amortization expense amounted to
 
for the three months ended January 31, 2024, and 
for the year ended October 31, 2023. As of January 31, 2024, and October 31, 2023, the carrying value of the loan and unamortized
debt discount and issuance costs were nil 
and and
 nil and , respectively. 

Under the SPA, the Company has the right to
repurchase half of the Commitment Fee Shares if the Note is repaid in full prior to maturity. On December 1, 2023, the Company fully
paid the loan balance in advance of the maturity date. In connections with the repayment of the Note, the Company agreed that AJB
would be permitted to retain all of the Commitment Fee Shares. The Company recognized 
as loss on extinguishment of debt for the three months ended January 31, 2024. 

On May 20, 2023, the Company obtained a
nine-month loan from Westfield Bank to finance the annual D O insurance. The principal amount was 
and subject to an effective interest rate of .
As of January 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023, the remaining balance was and , respectively. 

per month during the first year of
the Lease Term with a five-year lease renewal option. Thereafter, the monthly base rent will be increased annually with a monthly
base rent of in the second year, in the third year, in the fourth year, in the fifth
year, in the sixth year, and one twelfth (1/12th) of the market annual rent for the seventh through eleventh years,
if applicable. In addition to the base rent, the Company must pay one hundred percent (100 of operating expenses, insurance costs,
and taxes for each calendar year during the Lease term. For both the ROU asset and ROU liability, the lease renewal option was
considered in the calculation with an incremental borrowing rate of . The Company had and in operating lease
expenses for the three months ended January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023, respectively. 

Cash flow information related to leases was
as follows: 

The following table summarizes the lease-related
assets and liabilities recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as of January 31, 2024, and October 31, 2023: 

Right of use liability operating lease current portion 

Right of use liability operating lease long term 

Total operating lease liabilities 

The following table provides the maturities
of lease liabilities on January 31, 2024: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total future undiscounted lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

At January 31, 2024, the Company had no additional
leases which had not yet commenced. 

shares of the Series B
Preferred Stock as consideration for the acquisition of the GoFire Purchased Assets. The Series B Preferred Stock carries no voting rights
except: (i) with respect to the ability of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Series B Preferred Stock (the Majority
Holders ), to nominate a director to the Company s board of directors, and (ii) that the vote of the Majority Holders is necessary
for effecting any amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or Certificate of Designation that affects the Series
B Preferred Stock. The Series B Preferred Stock is redeemable at the option of the Company at a redemption price of per share, subject
to potential downward adjustments based on the trading price of the Common Stock. Subject to additional limitations in the GoFire APA,
the Series B Preferred Stock holds seniority over the Common Stock and each other class of series of securities now existing or hereafter
authorized with respect to dividend rights, the distribution of assets upon liquidation, and dissolution and redemption rights. Upon a
liquidation and winding up of the Company, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to a liquidation preference of per
share (the Liquidation Preference ), though the redemption may be adjusted downward based on the trading price of the Common
Stock at the time of liquidation. The holders of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive a dividend equal to 2 of the Liquidation
Preference, accruing from the Closing Date and payable on the eighteen-month anniversary of the Closing Date. No preemptive rights are
granted to the holders of Series B Preferred Stock. All shares of Series B Preferred Stock will automatically
convert to Common Stock upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in the GoFire APA). 

Reverse Stock Split 

On January 22, 2024, the Company filed a Certificate
of Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
to affect a (the 2024 Reverse Stock Split of the shares of the Common Stock. The 2024 Reverse
Stock Split was effective on January 25, 2024, on the Nasdaq Stock Market. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the 2024
Reverse Stock Split. Any fractional shares of our Common Stock that would have otherwise resulted from the 2024 Reverse Stock Split were
rounded up to the nearest whole number. In connection with the 2024 Reverse Stock Split, the Board approved appropriate and proportional
adjustments to all outstanding securities or other rights convertible or exercisable into shares of the Common Stock, including, without
limitation, all preferred stock, warrants, options, and other equity compensation rights. All historical share and per-share amounts reflected
throughout the accompanying consolidated financial statements and other financial information in this Report have been retroactively adjusted
to reflect the 2024 Reverse Stock Split as if the split occurred as of the earliest period presented. The par value per share of the Common
Stock was not affected by the 2024 Reverse Stock Split. 

Common Stock 

During the three months ended January 31, 2024, the
Company issued shares of common stock for rounding of shares related to the Reverse Split. 

During the three months ended January 31, 2024,
the Company issued 
shares of common stock to a FINRA member broker-dealer in connection with the termination of its relationship with such broker
dealer. The fair value was 
based on the closing price of the common stock on the termination date and recorded as stock-based compensation. 

Stock Options 

Summary of stock options information is as
follows: 

- 

Granted 

- 

Exercised 

Cancelled, forfeited, or expired 

Outstanding, January 31, 2024 

- 

Exercisable, January 31, 2024 

- 

During the three months ended January 31, 2024,
and 2023, the Company recognized and , respectively of stock option expense related to outstanding stock options.
On January 31, 2024, the Company had of unrecognized expenses related to options. The weighted average remaining contractual
life is approximately years for stock options outstanding on January 31, 2024. The aggregate intrinsic value of these outstanding
options as of January 31, 2024, was . Compensation expense related to performance-based options is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the requisite service period, provided that it is probable that performance conditions will be achieved, with probability
assessed on a quarterly basis and any changes in expectations recognized as an adjustment to earnings in the period of the change.
Compensation cost is not recognized for service- and performance-based awards that do not vest because service or performance conditions
are not satisfied, and any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed. If vesting occurs prior to the end of the requisite
service period, expense is accelerated and fully recognized through the vesting date. 

On January 19, 2024, non-qualified stock options
exercisable for up to shares of Common Stock were awarded to one board member of the Company. These stock options have a
ten-year term from the grant date, with the shares fully vesting on May 30, 2024. The fair value of the options on the grant date
was using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: stock price per share (based on the
quoted trading price on the date of grant), a computed volatility of , expected term of years, and a risk-free interest
rate of . This board member resigned on January 25, 2024. 

On January 29, 2024, non-qualified stock options
exercisable for up to shares of Common Stock were awarded to one employee of the Company. These stock options have a ten-year
term from the grant date, with the shares fully vesting on January 29, 2028. The fair value of the options on the grant date was
 using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: stock price per share (based on the quoted
trading price on the date of grant), a computed volatility of , expected term of years, and a risk-free interest rate
of . This employee resigned on February 28, 2024. 

Warrants 

Warrant information as of the periods indicated
is as follows: 

- 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled, forfeited, or expired 

- 

Outstanding, January 31, 2024 

- 

Exercisable, January 31, 2024 

- 

The weighted average remaining contractual
life is approximately years for Common Stock warrants outstanding as of January 31, 2024. As of January 31, 2024, there was
no intrinsic value of outstanding stock warrants. 

from one company owned by Nirajkumar Patel, the Chief Executive Officer and
a director of the Company, and/or his wife. There was no accounts receivable balance for these transactions as of January 31, 2024. 

During the three months ended January 31, 2023,
the Company recognized revenue of 
from one company owned by Nirajkumar Patel, the Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company, and/or his wife. 

Concentration of Purchases and Accounts
Payable 

During the three months
ended January 31, 2024, 100 of the inventories of Products, consisting solely of the BIDI Stick, were purchased from Bidi, a related
party controlled by Nirajkumar Patel, in the amount of .
This amount reflects the deposit paid for inventory on order. As of January 31, 2024, the Company had accounts payable to Bidi of 
 and Products valued at 
 were held in inventory. 

During the three months ended January 31, 2023, 100 
of the inventories of Products, consisting solely of the BIDI Stick, were purchased from Bidi, a related party controlled by Nirajkumar
Patel, in the amount of .
As of January 31, 2023, the Company had accounts payable to Bidi of . 

The KBI License
agreement provides that KBI shall pay Bidi license fees equivalent to 50 of the adjusted earned royalty payments, after any offsets
due to jointly agreed costs such development costs incurred for entry to specific international markets. As of
January 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023, additional
license fees are owed to Bidi. As of January 31, 2024, the Company has a payable to Bidi for
reimbursement of insurance expense. As of October 31, 2023, the Company has a payable to Bidi of for
certain non-recurring engineering costs related to the PMI License Agreement which were fully paid in November 2023, and
 
for reimbursement of insurance expense. 

Leased Office Space and Storage Space 

The Company capitalizes all leased assets pursuant
to ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) Topic 842 ), which requires lessees to recognize right-of-use ROU assets and lease liability, initially measured at present value of the lease payments, on its balance sheet for leases with terms
longer than 12 months and classified as either financing or operating leases. The Company excludes short-term leases having initial
terms of 12 months or less from Topic 842 as an accounting policy election and recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis
over the lease term. On June 10, 2022, the Company entered into the 2022 Lease with Just Pick for approximately 21,332 rentable
square feet combined in the office building and warehouse located at the Premises, together with all improvements thereon. Just
Pick is considered a related party to the Company because the Company s Chief Executive Officer and director,
Mr. Nirajkumar Patel, owns and controls Just Pick. 

The Company accrued and 
for a quarterly bonus payable to QuikfillRx, based on the Applicable Gross Quarterly Sales results of the three months ended January
31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

by March 1, 2024, in full satisfaction of all obligations, debts, and prior services. Including but not limited to stock
incentives, bonuses, third party obligations, owed by Kaival to KMS. Kaival made the required payment on February 28, 2024. 

F- 22 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is designed to provide a reader of the financial statements with a narrative report
on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with
the unaudited financial statements and notes thereto for the three months ended January 31, 2024, included under Item 1 
Financial Statements in this Report and our audited financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended October 31, 2023,
contained in the 2023 Annual Report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties,
such as statements of our plans, objectives, expectations, and intentions. Our actual results could differ materially from those
discussed in the forward-looking statements. Please also see the cautionary language at the beginning of this Report regarding
forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

Our business is focused on
the sales, marketing and distribution of ENDS products, also known as e-cigarettes , in a variety of ways. Our primary product
is the Bidi Stick as well as other products manufactured by our affiliate Bidi. We hold the exclusive worldwide right to market
and distribute the Bidi Stick and certain other products manufactured by Bidi. We intend to drive revenue growth primarily through
wholesale and traditional retail channels, including convenience stores. 

Pursuant to the A R Distribution
Agreement, Bidi granted us an exclusive worldwide right to distribute Bidi s ENDS and related components (as more particularly set
forth in the A R Distribution Agreement and referred to herein as the products) for sale and resale to both retail level customers
and nonretail level customers. Currently, the products consist solely of the BIDI Stick , Bidi s disposable,
tamper resistant ENDS product made with medical grade components, a UL-certified battery and technology designed to deliver a consistent
vaping experience for adult smokers 21 and over. We presently distribute products to wholesalers and retailers of ENDS products, having
ceased all direct-to-consumer sales in February 2021. Nirajkumar Patel, our Chief Executive Officer and director and an indirect controlling
stockholder of our company, owns Bidi. 

BIDI Stick comes in
a variety of flavor options for adult cigarette smokers. We do not manufacture any of the products we resell. The BIDI Stick is
manufactured by Bidi. Pursuant to the terms of the A R Distribution Agreement, Bidi provides us with all branding, logos, and marketing
materials to use with our commercial partners in connection with our marketing and promotion of the products. 

We process all sales made
only to non-retail customers, with all sales to non-retail customers made through Bidi s age-restricted website, www.wholesale.bidivapor.com.
We ceased all direct-to-consumer sales in February 2021 in order to better ensure youth access prevention and to comply with the Prevent
All Cigarette Trafficking (or PACT) Act. We provide all customer service and support at our own expense through QuikfillRx as described
below. We set the minimum prices for all sales made by us. We maintain adequate inventory levels of products in order to meet the demands
of our non-retail customers and deliver the products sold to these customers. 

A key third party collaborator
of ours was QuikfillRx, LLC, QuikfillRx a Florida limited liability company which recently began doing business as Kaival
Marketing Services to better reflect its contributions to our company. QuikfillRx provides us with certain services and support
relating to sales management, website development and design, graphics, content, public communication, social media, management and analytics,
and market and other research. QuikfillRx provides these services to us pursuant to a Services Agreement, most recently amended on November
9, 2022, pursuant to which QuikfillRx receives monthly cash compensation and was granted certain equity compensation in the form of options.
This Agreement was terminated in February 2024. 

1 

We have also maintained key
international licensing agreements with Philip Morris and its affiliates as described under Item 1 Business. 

We have also entered into
key international licensing agreements with Philip Morris Products S.A. PMPSA ), a wholly owned affiliate of Philip Morris
International Inc. PMI ). 

On August 31, 2020, we formed
Kaival Labs, Inc., a Delaware corporation (herein referred to as Kaival Labs ), as a wholly owned subsidiary for the purpose
of developing our own branded and white-label products and services, of which none has commenced as of the date of this Report. On March
11, 2022, we formed Kaival Brands International, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (herein referred to as KBI ),
as a wholly owned subsidiary for the purpose of entering into an international licensing agreement with PMPSA. 

GoFire Asset Acquisition 

On May 30, 2023, we and
Kaival Labs entered into the GoFire APA with GoFire. Pursuant to the terms of the GoFire APA, we purchased certain intellectual
property assets of GoFire consisting of various patents and patent applications (the Purchased Assets in exchange for
equity securities of our company and certain contingent cash consideration. The Purchased Assets will be housed in Kaival Labs and
consist of 19 existing and 47 pending patents with novel technologies related to vaporization and inhalation technologies. The
patents and patent applications cover the U.S. and several international territories. The Purchased Assets also include four
registered and two pending trademarks. The goal of this acquisition is to diversify our product offerings and create near and
longer-term revenue opportunities in the form of potential licenses of the acquired technology and our development of new products
based on the Purchased Assets. In the near term, we expect to seek third-party licensing opportunities in the cannabis, hemp/CBD,
nicotine and nutraceutical markets. Longer term, we believe we can utilize the Purchased Assets to create innovative and
market-disruptive products, including patent protected vaporizer devices and related hardware and software applications. No
assurances can be given, however, that the Purchased Assets will generate revenue for us in the future or otherwise create the value
for our company that we anticipate. 

FDA PMTA Determinations,
11 th Circuit Decision and Impact on Our Business 

In September 2021, in connection with the Bidi s
Premarket Tobacco Product Application PMTA process for BIDI Stick, the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration s FDA effectively banned non-tobacco flavored ENDS by denying nearly all then-pending
PMTAs for such products (including Bidi s). Following the issuance of by the FDA of a related Marketing Denial Order MDO regarding these ENDS products, manufacturers were required to stop selling non-tobacco flavored ENDS products. Bidi, along with
nearly every other company in the ENDS industry, received a MDO for its non-tobacco flavored ENDS products. With respect to Bidi,
the MDO covered all non-tobacco flavored BIDI Sticks, including its Arctic (menthol) BIDI Stick. As a result, beginning
in September 2021, Bidi pursued multiple avenues to challenge the MDO. First, on September 21, 2021, separate from the judicial
appeal of the MDO in its entirety, Bidi filed a 21 C.F.R. 10.75 internal FDA supervisory review request specifically of the
decision to include the Arctic (menthol) BIDI Stick in the MDO. In May 2022, the FDA issued a determination that it views
the Arctic BIDI Stick as a non-tobacco flavored ENDS product, and not strictly a menthol flavored product. 

On September 29, 2021,
Bidi petitioned the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit (the 11th Circuit to review the FDA s denial
of the PMTAs for its non-tobacco flavored BIDI Stick ENDS (including the Arctic BIDI Stick), arguing that it was arbitrary
and capricious under the Administrative Procedure Act APA ), as well as ultra vires, for the FDA not to conduct any
scientific review of Bidi s comprehensive applications, as required by the Tobacco Control Act TCA ), to determine
whether the BIDI Sticks are appropriate for the protection of the public health . Bidi further argued that the
FDA violated due process and the APA by failing to provide fair notice of the FDA s new requirement for ENDS companies to
conduct long-term comparative smoking cessation studies for their non-tobacco flavored products compared to tobacco-flavored ENDS
products, and that the FDA should have gone through the notice and comment rulemaking process for this requirement. 

On August 23, 2022,
the 11 th Circuit set aside (i.e., vacated) the MDO issued to the non-tobacco flavored BIDI Sticks and remanded
Bidi s PMTA back to the FDA for further review. Specifically, the 11 th Circuit held that the MDO was arbitrary
and capricious in violation of the APA because the FDA failed to consider the relevant evidence before it, specifically
Bidi s aggressive and comprehensive marketing and sales-access-restrictions plans designed to prevent youth appeal and access. 

The opinion further indicated
that the FDA did not properly review the data and evidence that it has long made clear are critical to the appropriate for the protection
of the public health APPH standard for PMTAs set forth in the Tobacco Control Act including, in Bidi s case, product
information, scientific safety testing, literature reviews, consumer insight surveys, and details about the company s youth access
prevention measures, distribution channels, and adult-focused marketing practices, which target only existing adult vapor
product users, including current adult smokers, as well as our retailer monitoring program and state-of-the-art anti-counterfeit
authentication system. Because a MDO must be based on a consideration of the relevant factors, such as the marketing and sales-access-restrictions
plans, the denial order was deemed arbitrary and capricious, and vacated by the FDA. 

2 

The FDA did not appeal
to the 11th Circuit s decision. The FDA had until October 7, 2022 (45 days from the August 23, 2022 decision) to either request
a panel rehearing or a rehearing en banc (a review by the entire 11th Circuit, not just the 3-judge panel that issued
the decision), and until November 21, 2022 (90 days after the decision) to seek review of the decision by the U.S. Supreme Court.
No request for a rehearing was filed, and no petition for a writ of certiorari was made to the Supreme Court. 

In light of the 11th
Circuit decision, we anticipate having the continued ability to market and sell the non-tobacco flavored BIDI Sticks, subject
to FDA s enforcement discretion, for the duration of the PMTA scientific review. The FDA has indicated that it is prioritizing
enforcement of unauthorized ENDS against companies (1) that never submitted PMTAs, (2) whose PMTAs have been refused acceptance
or filing by the FDA, (3) whose PMTAs remain subject to MDOs, and (4) that are continuing to market unauthorized synthetic nicotine
products after the July 13, 2022 cutoff. As none of these scenarios apply to Bidi, we believe the current risk of FDA enforcement
is low. 

Since the PMTA was remanded, Bidi has continued to
update its application with the results of new studies, including a nationwide population prevalence study on the BIDI Stick that
has been published in a peer-reviewed scientific journal. 

Separately, on or about May 13, 2022, FDA placed the
tobacco-flavored Classic BIDI Stick into the final Phase III scientific review, and in September 2022 completed a remote regulatory
assessment of Bidi and its contract manufacturer in China, SMISS Technology Co. LTD, in relation to the pending PMTA for the Classic BIDI 
Stick. In March 2023, Bidi received a deficiency letter with respect to the tobacco-flavored Classic BIDI Stick PMTA, to which the
company submitted in June 2023. Subsequently, on January 22, 2024, Bidi received a MDO regarding the Classic
BIDI Stick. The MDO identified three highly technical deficiencies related to certain analytical testing and Bidi s pharmacokinetic
(PK) study. On January 26, 2024, Bidi petitioned the 11 th Circuit to review the MDO for the Classic BIDI Stick, arguing
that the denial is arbitrary and capricious under the APA, an abuse of discretion, or otherwise not in accordance with the law, as well
as contrary to constitutional right and in excess of statutory authority. On February 2, 2024, Bidi filed a Time Sensitive Motion for
a Stay Pending Review, which the court denied on February 18, 2024. The case is now proceeding on the merits, with Bidi s opening
merits brief due on April 15, 2024. Unless the MDO ultimately remanded by the 11 th Circuit, the Classic BIDI Stick is
considered an adulterated tobacco product the continued marketing and distribution of which is prohibited. 

Material Items,
Trends and Risks Impacting Our Business 

We believe that the following items and trends
may be useful in better understanding our results of operations. 

Dependence on
Bidi and Nirajkumar Patel 

We are wholly dependent on Bidi to supply the
BIDI Sticks to us for distribution. Accordingly, any supply or other issues that impact Bidi, indirectly impact us and our
ability to operate our business. Moreover, and while we are seeking to diversify our product offerings, the loss of our relationship
with Bidi would substantially harm the viability of our business. 

Bidi is controlled by Nirajkumar Patel, our
Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company. Moreover, Kaival Holdings, an entity controlled by Mr. Patel,
is our majority shareholder. In addition, our corporate headquarters is leased to us by an affiliate of Mr. Patel. Therefore, Mr.
Patel has the power and ability to control or influence our business. 

Dependence on QuikfillRx,
LLC and Distributors 

We are substantially dependent
on QuikfillRx, LLC (d/b/a Kaival Marketing Services, or KMS) to provide key marketing, sales and other support services to us. In addition,
we rely on third-party brokers and distributors to introduce and place our products into our historic foundation of convenience-stores
and more recently into new retail channels, including dollar, grocery and mass-merchandisers. The loss of one or more of these key relationships
would have a material adverse effect on our business. This agreement was terminated in February of 2024. 

3 

Ability to Develop
and Monetize the GoFire Intellectual Property 

We purchased certain vaporizer
and inhalation-related technology from GoFire in May 2023 with the goal of diversifying our business and lessening our dependence on BIDI
Vapor. We do not expect that the acquired assets will generate immediate revenue for us, and while we believe this to be a transformative
acquisition for us and we are already seeking to develop and monetize the acquired assets, we can give no assurances at this time that
either (i) the patent applications we acquired will eventuate in issued patents or (ii) we will be able to enter into successful monetizing
arrangements with respect to these assets. 

Nature of our Products
and Regulation 

Competition in the market
for e-cigarettes from illicit sources may have an adverse effect on our overall sales volume, restricting our ability to increase selling
prices and damaging our brand equity and reputation. Illicit trade and tobacco trafficking in the form of counterfeit products, smuggled
genuine products, and locally manufactured products on which applicable taxes or regulatory requirements are evaded, represent a significant
and growing threat to the legitimate tobacco industry, including the products we sell. Although we combat counterfeiting of our Products
by engaging in certain tactics, such as requiring all sales force personnel to randomly collect our Products from retailers in order to
be tested by our quality control team, maintaining a quality control group that is responsible for identifying counterfeit products and
surveillance of retailers we suspect are selling counterfeit Products through our own secret shopper force, no assurance can be given
that we will be able to detect or stop sales of all counterfeit products. In addition, while we may bring suits against retailers and
distributors that sell certain counterfeit products, no assurance can be given that we will be successful in any such suits or that such
suits will be successful in stopping other retailers or distributors from selling. 

Counterfeit products. 

Our Products (included
in this context any products that we may develop from the GoFire Purchased Assets) are and will be heavily regulated by the
FDA,which has broad regulatory powers. The market for ENDS products is subject to a great deal of uncertainty and is still evolving.
ENDS products, having recently been introduced to market over the past 10 to 15 years, are at a relatively early stage of
development, and represent core components of a market that is evolving rapidly, highly regulated, and characterized by a number of
market participants. Rapid growth in the use of, and interest in, ENDS products is recent, and may not continue on a lasting basis.
With respect to the GoFire Purchase Assets, the underlying technology touches on hemp/cannabis, nutraceutical and healthcare
applications in addition to nicotine, all of which are heavily regulated by the FDA and other federal and state agencies. The demand
and market acceptance for all of these products is subject to a high level of uncertainty. Therefore, we are subject to all the
business risks associated with a new enterprise in an evolving market. 

Some of our Product offerings
through Bidi are subject to developing and unpredictable regulation. Our Products are sold through our distribution network and may be
subject to uncertain and evolving federal, state, and local regulations, including hemp, non-THC cannabidiol (CBD) and other non-tobacco
consumable products. Enforcement initiatives by those authorities are therefore unpredictable and impossible to anticipate. We anticipate
that all levels of government, which have not already done so, are likely to seek in some way to regulate these products, but the type,
timing, and impact of such regulations remains uncertain. With respect to CBD in particular, on January 26, 2023, the FDA announced that
it would not initiate rulemaking to regulate CBD as a dietary food ingredient. Rather, after careful review, the FDA has concluded that
a new regulatory pathway for CBD is needed and has further indicated that it is prepared to work with Congress to create a new regulatory
pathway for CBD through legislation. 

4 

In addition to the de facto
FDA flavor ban that has resulted from the denial of nearly all PMTAs for flavored ENDS, ENDS products that are non-tobacco flavored continue
to face the threat of prohibition at the local level, as many state and local authorities and attorneys general push for bans or request
the FDA to deny PMTAs for flavored ENDS. In addition, a number of states and localities have banned the sale of non-tobacco flavored tobacco
products. Recently, for example, California passed Proposition 31, which prohibits the sale of non-tobacco flavored tobacco products,
including e-cigarettes, in retail locations. Thus, the non-tobacco flavored BIDI Sticks are not permitted to be sold in California
retail locations. We anticipate more states and localities will take this approach. Several other states and localities have banned flavored
ENDS, including New York, (and New York City), New Jersey, Rhode Island, Illinois (and Chicago) and Massachusetts, with several more considering
similar bans (e.g., Maryland, and Connecticut). 

Ability to Meet Demand
for our Products 

We believe that the matters
described under FDA PMTA Determinations, 11th Circuit Decision and Impact on Our Business have increased demand for our
Products and has opened new distribution channels for us through which we can sell our Products. However, a sharp increase in demand for
the Products will require us to use cash and/or obtain financing in order to purchase Products from Bidi for resale in the marketplace.
As a result, we are faced with the risk that such cash or financing will not be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable
to us (or at all) to meet the market demand for the Products. Our inability to fulfill this demand will damage our reputation and could
materially impact our ability to increase sales of the Products which, in turn, would adversely impact our results of operations. 

Inflation 

Consumer purchases of tobacco
products are historically affected by economic conditions, such as changes in employment, salary and wage levels, the availability of
consumer credit, inflation, interest rates, fuel prices, sales taxes, and the level of consumer confidence in prevailing and future economic
conditions. The U.S. has been experiencing an environment of material inflation in recent quarters, and this condition may impact discretionary
consumer purchases, such as the BIDI Stick. Demand for our Products may also decline during recessionary periods or at other times
when disposable income is lower, and taxes may be higher. 

Supply
Chain 

The spread of COVID-19
throughout the world as well as increasing tensions with China over the past several years has created global economic uncertainty,
which may cause partners, suppliers, and potential customers to closely monitor their costs and reduce activities. Any of the foregoing
could materially adversely affect the supply chain for Bidi and our Products, and any supply chain distribution for the Products
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Corporate History 

We were incorporated on September 4, 2018,
in the State of Delaware. Effective July 12, 2019, we changed our corporate name from Quick Start Holdings, Inc. to Kaival Brands
Innovations Group, Inc. The name change was effected through a parent/subsidiary short-form merger of Kaival Brands Innovations
Group, Inc., our wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary formed solely for the purpose of the name change, with and into us. We were the
surviving entity. 

5 

Change of Control 

On February 6, 2019, we entered into a Share
Purchase Agreement (the Share Purchase Agreement ), by and among us, GMRZ Holdings LLC, a Nevada limited liability
company GMRZ ), our then-controlling stockholder, and Kaival Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company KH ), pursuant to which, on February 20, 2019, GMRZ sold 24,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock, representing
approximately 88.06 of our then issued and outstanding shares of common stock, to KH, and KH paid GMRZ consideration in the amount
set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Share Purchase Agreement resulted
in a change in control, with KH becoming our largest controlling stockholder. Nirajkumar Patel and Eric Mosser are the sole voting
members of KH. 

Current Product Offerings 

Pursuant to the A R Distribution Agreement,
The Company sells and resells electronic nicotine delivery systems, which it may refer to herein as ENDS Products ,
or e-cigarettes , to non-retail level customers. The sole Product the Company resells is the BIDI Stick, 
a disposable, tamper-resistant ENDS product that comes in a variety of flavor options for adult cigarette smokers. The Company
does not manufacture any of the Products it resells. The BIDI Stick is manufactured by Bidi. Pursuant to the terms of the
A R Distribution Agreement, Bidi provides the Company with all branding, logos, and marketing materials to be utilized by the
Company in connection with its marketing and promotion of the Products. 

Other Potential Product Offerings 

In addition to the BIDI Stick, we anticipated
launching distribution of the BIDI Pouch, initially outside of the United States. The initial planned February
2021 roll-out of the BIDI Pouch was delayed due to COVID-19 based manufacturing and supply chain constraints. Due to these
complications, and in an effort to prevent future bottlenecks, Bidi decided to move manufacturing in-house. In 2021, Bidi modified
the planned formulation of the BIDI Pouch. The original BIDI Pouch formulation (which never came to market) intended
to utilize a tobacco-free (synthetic) nicotine formulation, along with natural fibers and a chew-base filler in six different flavors.
However, production of the BIDI Pouch was placed on hold domestically due to concerns about the safety of synthetic nicotine
and the likelihood of the FDA enforcement of synthetic nicotine products either as unapproved drugs or unauthorized tobacco products.
Subsequently, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2022, signed by President Biden on March 15, 2022, amended the definition
of a tobacco product in the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and gave the FDA authority to regulate products containing
nicotine from any source, including synthetic nicotine. The legislation also gave manufacturers of synthetic nicotine products
60 days to prepare and submit PMTAs by May 14, 2022. Synthetic nicotine products subject to timely submitted PMTAs were allowed
to remain on the market without the threat of enforcement for another 60 days, until July 13, 2022. After July 13, 2022, all synthetic
nicotine products, regardless of PMTA status, are illegal and subject to FDA enforcement (unless the product has actually been
authorized and is subject to a PMTA Marketing Grant Order). 

Also, on July 14, 2021, we announced plans
to launch its first Kaival-branded product, a hemp CBD vaping product. In addition to our branded formulation, we anticipate that
we will also provide white label, wholesale solutions for other product manufacturers through its subsidiary, Kaival Labs. We have
not yet launched any branded product, nor has have begun to provide white label wholesale solutions for other product manufacturers,
but the diversification of the types of products we distribute is an important part of our growth strategy. 

Assuming we launch a hemp CBD product, of which
there can be no assurances, we intend that all CBD products will be produced and distributed strictly in compliance under the Agriculture
Improvement Act of 2018 (known as the 2018 Farm Bill), which defines hemp as the plant cannabis sativa and any part of the plant
with a delta-9 THC concentration of not more than 0.3 percent by dry weight. According to the 2018 Farm Bill, hemp-derived products
can be offered for retail sale in many forms: smoke, pouch, tinctures, topicals, capsules, vape oil and gummies/edibles. We plan
to utilize Bidi s patented BIDI Stick delivery mechanism in order to provide a similar, premium experience in the initial
CBD product line. We expect our industrial-grade hemp CBD formula to provide greater bioavailability than many market peers, resulting
in a better consumer experience in less usage. On January 26, 2023, FDA announced that it would not initiate rulemaking to regulate
CBD as a dietary food ingredient. Rather, after careful review, the FDA has concluded that a new regulatory pathway for CBD is
needed that balances individuals desire for access to CBD products with the regulatory oversight needed to manage risks.
FDA further indicated that it is prepared to work with Congress on this matter. 

6 

PMI Licensing Agreement and International
Distribution 

On June 13, 2022, we, through our wholly owned subsidiary,
KBI, entered into the PMI License Agreement with PMPSA, a wholly owned affiliate of PMI, for the development and distribution of ENDS
products in certain markets outside of the United States, subject to market (or regulatory assessment). The PMI License Agreement grants
to PMPSA a license of certain intellectual property rights relating to Bidi s ENDS device, known as the BIDI Stick in the
United States, as well as potentially newly developed devices, to permit PMPSA to manufacture, promote, sell, and distribute such ENDS
device and newly developed devices, in international markets, outside of the United States. 

On July 25, 2022, we announced
the launch of PMPSA s custom-branded self-contained e-vapor product, pursuant to the licensing agreement. The product, a self-contained
e-vapor device, VEEBA, has been custom developed and was initially distributed in Canada. VEEBA was then commercially launched by PMPSA
in Europe in February 2023, with additional market launches planned this year. VEEBA was recently rebranded VEEV NOW. 

On August 12, 2023, the Company
executed and entered into a Deed of Amendment No. 1 (the PMI License Amendment with PMPSA, Bidi and KBI. Pursuant to the
PMI License Amendment (which was effective on June 30, 2023), resulting in a Net Reconciliation Payment to KBI and ongoing quarterly royalty
payments. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements of the
Company are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP applicable to a going concern, which contemplates realization of assets and the
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business within one year after the date the consolidated financial statements
are issued. 

In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB ), Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements 
Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), the Company s management evaluates whether there are conditions or events, considered in
aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after
the date that the accompanying financial statements are issued. 

The Company will need
significant additional funds to satisfy its outstanding payables, fund its working capital, and fully implement its business plan as
the Company seeks to grow its revenues. In addition, the Company s ability to continue as a going concern is adversely affected
by the uncertainty surrounding Bidi s PMTA process with FDA and outcome of Bidi s petition with the 11 th Circuit
Court of Appeals regarding the FDA s January 2024 MDO relating to Classic Bidi Stick as well as the Company s, significant
recurring losses and present need for additional funding. All of these factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

Management plans to
continue similar operations with increased marketing and enhanced efforts to increase sales, which the Company believes will result in
increased revenue and ultimately net income. 

However, there is no assurance that the Company s
plans will be able to generate expected or greater amounts of revenues or ever achieve profitability due to the factors listed
above as well as the regulation and public perception of ENDS products and the various other risks faced by the Company. The accompanying
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and
classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of these or other risks
or uncertainties. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We believe we will
not have sufficient cash on hand to support our operations for at least 12 months. As of January 31, 2024, we had working capital of
approximately 330,917 and total cash of approximately 591,293. As discussed above, this condition and other factors raise
substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We intend to generally rely on cash from operations
and equity and debt offerings to the extent necessary and available, to satisfy our liquidity needs. There are several factors that could
result in the need to raise additional funds, including a decline in revenue, a lack of anticipated sales growth, increased costs and
our potential plan to redeem for cash the shares of our Series B Preferred Stock issued in connection with our GoFire asset purchase in
May 2023. Our efforts are directed toward generating positive cash flow and, ultimately, profitability. As our efforts during our fiscal
2023 and since have not generated positive cash flows, we will need to raise additional capital. Should capital not be available to us
at reasonable terms, other actions will become necessary, including implementing cost control measures and additional efforts to increase
sales. We may also be required to take more strategic actions such as exploring strategic options for the sale of our company, the creation
of joint ventures or strategic alliances under which we will pursue business opportunities, or other alternatives. We believe we have,
or have access to, the financial resources to weather the impacts of the FDA s PMTA process and Bidi s receipt of MDOs from
the FDA in 2021 and 2024, which are subject to additional FDA action and ongoing court proceedings, respectively. However, we will require
further financing for the next twelve months, given our operating results. 

7 

Cash Flows: 

Net cash flows
provided by operations was approximately 0.2 million for
the first three months of fiscal year 2024, compared to 0.1 million cash flows provided by operations for the first three months of
fiscal year 2023. The increase in cash flows provided by operations for the three months ended 2024
compared to the three months ended 2023 was primarily due to changes in inventory and accounts receivable . 

Net cash flows used
by financing activities was approximately 0.2 million for the
three months of fiscal year 2024, compared to cash flows used in financing activities of approximately 0 for the three months of fiscal
year 2023. The cash used by financing activities for the three months ended 2024 consisted primarily of proceeds offset by payments on
 Loans payables. 

Results of Operations 

Three months ended January 31, 2024, compared
to three months ended January 31, 2023 

Revenues : 

Revenues for the first
quarter of fiscal year 2024 were approximately 3.2 million, compared to approximately 2.5 million in the same period of the prior fiscal
year. Revenues increased in the first quarter of 2024, primarily due to a decrease in credits being issued to customers. 

Cost of Revenue, Net and Gross Profit
(Loss): 

Gross
profit in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024 was approximately 1.2 million, or approximately 37.3 of revenues, net, compared to
approximately 0.5 million gross profit or approximately 21.4 , of revenues, net, for the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. Total
cost of revenue, net was approximately 2.0 million, or approximately 62.7 of revenue, net for the first quarter of fiscal year 2024,
compared to approximately 2.0 million, or approximately 78.6 of revenue, net for the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. The increase
is due to fewer credits issued during the three months January 31, 2024. 

Operating Expenses: 

Total
operating expenses were approximately 2.9 million for the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, compared to approximately 3.5 million
for the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. For the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, operating expenses consisted primarily of
advertising and promotion fees of approximately 0.4 million, stock option expense of approximately 0.3 million, professional
fees of approximately 0.8 million, and all other general and administrative expenses of approximately 1.4 million. General and
administrative expenses in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024 consisted primarily of salaries and wages, insurance, lease
expense, project expenses, banking fees, business fees and state and franchise taxes. For the first quarter of fiscal year 2023,
operating expenses consisted primarily of advertising and promotion fees of approximately 0.6 million, stock option expense of
approximately 1.4 million, professional fees of approximately 0.6 million, and all other general and administrative expenses of
approximately 0.9 million. General and administrative expenses in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 consisted primarily of
salaries and wages, insurance, lease expense, project expenses, banking fees, business fees and state and franchise taxes. We expect
future operating expenses to increase while we increase the footprint of our business and generate increased sales
growth. 

8 

Income Taxes: 

During the first quarter of fiscal year 2024,
we did not accrue a tax provision for income taxes, due to the pre-tax loss of approximately 2.1) million, similarly we did not
accrue a tax provision for income taxes, due to the pre-tax loss of approximately 3.1) million for the first quarter of fiscal
year 2023. 

Net Loss: 

As a result of the items noted above, the net
loss for the first quarter of fiscal year 2024 was approximately 2.2 million, or 0.76 basic and diluted net loss per share, compared
to a net loss of approximately 3.0 million, or 1.12 basic and diluted net loss per share, for the first quarter of fiscal
year 2023. The decrease in the net loss for the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, as compared to the first quarter of fiscal year
2023, is primarily attributable to the increase in revenues and decrease in operating expenses as noted above. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Other than the policy changes disclosed in
Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements
in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates
during the three months ended January 31, 2024 from those disclosed in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, of our 2023 Annual Report for the year ended October 31, 2023. 

Emerging Growth Company 

We are an emerging growth company, 
that is exempt from certain financial disclosure and governance requirements for up to five years as defined in the Jumpstart Our
Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). The JOBS Act eases restrictions on the sale of securities and increases
the number of stockholders a company must have before becoming subject to the SEC s reporting and disclosure rules. We have
not elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2)
of the JOBS Act, that allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates
for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

As a smaller reporting company 
as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitations, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our President and Chief Operating Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as
of January 31, 2024, the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Based on that evaluation, the President and Chief
Operating Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer concluded that because of material weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of January 31, 2024. Some of those internal controls
include multiple levels of review of the accounting and reporting procedures and processes, lack of proper segregation of duties,
lack of sufficient and consistent real time remote communications, as well as certain accounting and reporting issues. 

9 

Remediation of Material Weaknesses 

We are
committed to maintaining a strong internal control environment and implementing measures designed to help ensure that all material weaknesses
are remediated as soon as possible. Management will continue to work to improve its disclosure controls and procedures during fiscal
2024 with the goal of improvement in the effectiveness
of its systems in our internal controls during the next 12 months. We intend to hire additional staff and to take such other actions
as may be necessary to address its material weaknesses. The Company did add additional financial and accounting personnel during its
fiscal year ended October 31, 2023, and as such, we believe we have made progress in the implementation of certain internal controls,
such as multiple levels of review and analysis of the accounting and reporting procedures and processes, and of journal entries and general
ledger account reconciliations. 

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Due to the identification
of certain material weaknesses , we continue to work on strengthening our internal control structure. We made no other
changes in internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, during
the quarter ended January 31, 2024, that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we may become party to litigation
or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently involved in legal
proceedings that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, or results
of operations. To the best of our knowledge, no adverse legal activity is anticipated or threatened. 

While we are not a
party to the legal or regulatory proceedings involving Bidi described in Item 1 Business FDA PMTA and MDO Determinations,
Related Court Actions and the Impact on Our Business, the outcome of those or related proceedings could have a material adverse or positive
impact on our ability to operate our business given our reliance on Bidi. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting
company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

None. 

10 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed herewith as a part of this Quarterly
Report. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32.1 
 
 Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

(1) 
 Schedules and Exhibits omitted pursuant to Item 601(b) (10) (iv) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request; provided, however, that the Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for any Schedule or Exhibit so furnished 

filed herewith 

11 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

KAIVAL BRANDS INNOVATIONS GROUP, INC. 

Date: March 25, 2024 
 A 
 /s/ Nirajkumar Patel 

Nirajkumar Patel 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 25, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Eric Morris 

Eric Morris 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

12 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e5504_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Nirajkumar Patel , certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 25, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Nirajkumar Patel 

Nirajkumar Patel 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 e5504_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Eric Morris, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 25, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Eric Morris 

Eric Morris 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 e5504_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of
Title 18 of the United States Code 

Pursuant to U.S.C. Section
1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Kaival Brands Innovations
Group, Inc. (the Company does hereby certify, to the best of such officer s knowledge, that: 

1. 
 The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended January 31, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 25, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Nirajkumar Patel 

Nirajkumar Patel 

Chief Executive Officer 

The certifications set
forth above are being furnished as an exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be
deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they
be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

A signed original of
this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature
that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to
Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and will be retained by Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 e5504_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of
Title 18 of the United States Code 

Pursuant to U.S.C. Section
1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of Kaival Brands Innovations
Group, Inc. (the Company does hereby certify, to the best of such officer s knowledge, that: 

1. 
 The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended January 31, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 25, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Eric Morris 

Eric Morris 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

The certifications set
forth above are being furnished as an exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be
deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they
be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

A signed original of
this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature
that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to
Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and will be retained by Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 kavl-20240131.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 kavl-20240131_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 kavl-20240131_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 kavl-20240131_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

