<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240315_10-K_edgar_data_1828161_0000950170-24-032250.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15485914</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>526172</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2811565</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5540956</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2522057</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3640883</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-24-032250.hdr.sgml : 20240315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240315163720
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-24-032250
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		129
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FTC Solar, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001828161
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				814816270
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40350
		FILM NUMBER:		24755425

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9020 N CAPITAL OF TEXAS HWY, SUITE I-260
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78759
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(907) 312-0717

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9020 N CAPITAL OF TEXAS HWY, SUITE I-260
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78759

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-24-032250.txt : 20240315

10-K
 1
 ftci-20231231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on June 30, 2023 was . 
 The number of shares of registrant s common stock outstanding as of February 16, 2024, was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 32 

Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 32 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 33 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 34 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 35 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 37 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 56 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 57 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 89 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 90 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 91 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 91 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 92 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 92 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 92 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 92 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 92 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 93 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 95 

SIGNATURES 
 96 

CAUTION ARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical or current facts contained in this Annual Report may be forward-looking statements. Statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, including, among others, liquidity, growth and profitability strategies and factors and trends affecting our business are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified in some cases by the use of words such as believe, can, could, potential, plan, predict, goals, seek, should, may, may have, would, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, the negative of these words, other similar expressions or by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions. 
 The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We believe that these factors include, but are not limited to, the factors set forth under Item 1A. "Risk Factors". Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 You should read this Annual Report with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. 
 These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report, whether as a result of any new information, future events, or otherwise. 

PART I 
 Ite m 1. Business. 
 Development of the business 
 FTC Solar, Inc. (the Company , we , our , or us was founded in 2017 and is incorporated in the state of Delaware. In April 2021, we completed an initial public offering ("IPO"), and our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol FTCI . 
 On June 14, 2022, we closed on the acquisition of all of the outstanding stock of Shanghai Han Xiang New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. ("HX Tracker"), a China-based supplier of tracker systems, in order to extend our international market presence. The purchase price included approximately 3.5 million of cash, paid in July 2022, and the issuance in June 2022 of 1,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock valued at approximately 4.4 million. In addition, as part of the purchase price, we paid the existing debt of HX Tracker owed to the previous owners, totaling approximately 0.8 million as of the acquisition date during the third quarter of 2022. In addition, certain former employees of HX Tracker, who became employees of the Company were eligible to receive up to 2.2 million RSUs which will vest over a two to four-year period based on future performance or service conditions. The goodwill recognized as part of the acquisition is attributable to expected synergies in the acquired company's tracker offering and cross selling opportunities in various international markets and is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 1 

On July 1, 2022, we closed on an acquisition of certain assets from Standard Sun, Inc. relating to their pile testing and equipment installation business. Total purchase price was approximately 0.8 million. Two employees of this business became employees of the Company following the acquisition. 
 In September 2022, we announced the introduction of Pioneer, our new one module-in-portrait ("1P") solar tracker solution. We have also launched a new mounting solution to support the installation and use of U.S.-manufactured thin-film modules by project owners and, in August 2023, we introduced SUNOPS, a cloud-based, tracker-agnostic solar asset monitoring solution allowing asset owners and managers to evaluate the operation and performance of their solar deployments. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act. Under the JOBS Act, we elected to use the allowed extended transition period to delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. 
 Description of the business 
 We currently offer trackers and software solutions targeting the utility-scale solar energy markets to current and potential customers in the United States, Asia, Europe, the Middle East, North Africa, South Africa and Australia. Our Voyager tracking system is built upon a self-powered, two-panel in-portrait ("2P") single-axis tracker design utilizing a 60-meter independent row architecture, which we believe provides numerous advantages to our customers. In addition, our recently launched Pioneer 1P solar tracker solution leverages technological advantages of Voyager and provides what we believe to be numerous cost savings benefits to our potential customers relative to other 1P solutions including faster assembly capability, a reduced pile count and embedment depth, and higher slope tolerance. 
 In addition, in August 2022, we entered into an agreement with a solar contracting company to provide our Voyager 2P solar tracking solution to the distributed generation market for sites providing under 20 megawatts of power in North America. We and our partner company are targeting multiple segments with this turnkey solution offering, including commercial and industrial, community solar programs, projects for independent power producers and smaller one-off projects for sectors such as agriculture. 
 We have continued to expand our domestic and international footprint, along with our customer outreach efforts, during 2023, which have included various large project awards in the United States and South Africa, and the formation of a Customer Advisory Board, chaired by the president of Powin, a global leader in energy storage systems, in order to support our future expected growth and our efforts to provide a world-class customer experience. 
 Our customers include project developers, solar asset owners and engineering, procurement and construction ("EPC") contractors that design and build solar energy projects. The vast majority of our revenue in the periods presented in this Annual Report was attributable to sales in the United States and Australia. 
 Since 2022, we have also been focused on efforts to improve our gross margins through design-to-value initiatives intended to reduce our product cost structure. As a result of these efforts, we achieved our first positive gross margins since our IPO during the first quarter of 2023 and continued to report positive gross margins for each subsequent quarter in 2023. 
 We currently operate in one business segment, the manufacturing and servicing of solar tracker systems. 
 We report both product and service revenue in our consolidated financial statements. Product revenue is derived from the sale of solar tracker systems and customized components for those systems, individual part sales for certain specific transactions and the sale of term-based software licenses. Service revenue includes revenue from shipping and handling services, engineering consulting and pile testing services, our subscription-based enterprise licensing model and maintenance and support services in connection with the term-based software licenses. 
 We incur costs associated with the revenue generated related to (i) the raw materials used in our solar tracker systems, including parts and components, (ii) personnel costs attributable to procurement, installation and delivery of finished products and services, (iii) freight and delivery, (iv) product warranty, (v) insurance, and (vi) customer support. 
 We currently outsource all manufacturing to contract manufacturing partners. We are focused on growing our U.S. manufacturing supply partners in order to reduce lead times for our customers, as well as other potential benefits. As an example, on February 9, 2023, we entered into a limited liability company agreement (the "LLC Agreement") with Taihua New Energy (Thailand) Co., LTD ("Taihua"), a leading steel fabricator and an existing vendor, and DAYV LLC, for the creation of Alpha Steel LLC ("Alpha Steel"), a Delaware limited liability company dedicated to producing steel components, including torque tubes, for utility-scale solar projects. The Alpha Steel facility, which is located outside of Houston in Sealy, Texas, began limited commercial production late in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 2 

For further discussion, see Note 3 "Equity method investment" included in our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 In addition to utilizing Alpha Steel to begin manufacturing several of our products during the latter part of 2023, we also plan to have Alpha Steel manufacture additional products for us throughout 2024 and beyond. Additionally, we plan to continue to partner with other U.S.-based manufacturers to further add to our domestic content capabilities and we will continue to use existing and new international manufacturers to expand our capacity, as needed, to address anticipated increases in future volume. 
 Based on the U.S. dollar amount of purchase orders we issued during the year ended December 31, 2023, the percentage of our spending involved partners located in the following countries: 

Vendor location 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2023 

United States 

42 

Hong Kong 

23 

China 

19 

India 

12 

All other 

4 

Total 

100 

Market factors 
 Our global market opportunity is driven by three primary factors: (i) overall growth in utility-scale solar projects, (ii) the increased usage of trackers as the preferred mounting system in utility-scale solar projects and (iii) our ability to execute our product roadmap by providing new products that improve performance and cost efficiency of solar power projects. 
 Governments across the globe have established policies to support a transition away from fossil fuels and towards low-carbon forms of energy, such as solar power. In the United States, various states have implemented Renewable Portfolio Standards, which require a specified percentage of the electricity sold by utilities to come from renewable sources by a certain date, as described further below. Additionally, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, passed by the U.S. Congress and signed into law by President Biden on August 16, 2022, expanded and extended the tax credits and other tax benefits available to solar energy projects and the solar energy supply chain. Other policies and actions of the federal government have had a negative impact on demand through creation of uncertainty as to the ability to import solar modules into the United States, as discussed below. Globally, renewable energy support has accelerated since the Paris Agreement under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, which became effective in 2016. These factors, along with efficiency improvements and cost reductions in the underlying photovoltaic cell technology used in solar energy production, have contributed to solar energy becoming the fastest growing and most affordable source of new electricity in America, according to the U.S. Department of Energy. In the Energy Infrastructure Update Report for December 2023, issued by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ("FERC"), solar provided 49.3 of new domestic generating capacity in 2023 in the United States, more than any other energy source and solar capacity additions in 2023 were 50 greater than the year before. Also, the Short-Term Energy Outlook, February 2024, issued by the U.S. Energy Information Administration ("EIA") forecasts that U.S. solar generation will rise by 43 in 2024. 
 Solar trackers have been gaining market share versus fixed-tilt mounting systems due to their ability to optimize energy production, accommodate more varied terrain and offer a more attractive return on investment. The United States currently represents the largest portion of the solar tracker market while continued growth is expected in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia and Australia. We believe we are well positioned to benefit from the accelerating adoption of both one and two-panel in-portrait tracker systems, bifacial panels and larger-format or higher-powered bifacial panels. 
 Our growth strategy is based on (i) increasing our market share in the United States, (ii) continuing our international expansion, (iii) enhancing our tracker product offerings, (iv) reducing our operating costs through operating leverage, (v) expanding our software offering by supporting lean construction, operating, maintenance and lifecycle management and improving the attachment rate of enhanced software to tracker sales, (vi) expanding our sales to the distributed generation market, and (vii) identifying additional strategic acquisitions or other opportunities. 
 Government policies and regulations 
 Federal, state, local and foreign government bodies provide incentives to owners, end-users, distributors, system integrators and manufacturers of solar energy systems to promote solar electricity in the form of rebates, tax credits 
 3 

and other financial incentives such as system performance payments, payments of renewable energy credits associated with renewable energy generation and manufacturing of specific solar components, as well as exclusions of solar energy systems from property tax assessments. 
 The most notable incentive program impacting our U.S. business has historically been the investment tax credit ("ITC") for solar energy projects, which allows taxpayers to offset their U.S. federal income tax liability by a certain percentage of their cost basis in solar energy systems placed in service for commercial use. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, passed by the U.S. Congress and signed into law by President Biden on August 16, 2022, expanded and extended the tax credits and other tax benefits available to solar energy projects and the solar energy supply chain. ITCs have been extended for such projects through at least 2032 and, depending on the location of a particular project and its ability to satisfy certain labor and domestic content requirements, the ITC percentage can range between 30 and 50 . U.S. manufacturers of specific solar components are now eligible to claim production tax credits as an alternative to the ITC. Implementing regulations for this law are, in certain cases, still being finalized and the impact of these regulations continue to be evaluated by developers of new solar projects and manufacturers of solar components. Our investment in and commitments made to Alpha Steel will allow us to obtain certain benefits as a result of this new production tax credit program. 
 Renewable portfolio standards RPS are a set of policies designed to increase the use of renewable energy sources for electricity generation. In general, RPS set a minimum requirement for the share of electricity supply that comes from designated renewable energy resources by a certain date or year. According to information provided by the U.S. Energy Information Administration, as of November 2022, 36 states and the District of Columbia had established an RPS or renewable energy goal. In 12 of those states and the District of Columbia, the requirement is for 100 clean energy by 2050 or earlier. A common feature of RPS policies is a renewable electricity credit trading system that reduces the cost to comply with the RPS. 
 Other policies and actions of the federal government have had a negative impact on demand through creation of uncertainty as to the ability to import solar modules into the United States. 
 The Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act ("UFLPA") was passed by the U.S. Congress and signed into law by President Biden on December 23, 2021. The UFLPA establishes a rebuttable presumption that the importation of any goods, wares, articles, and merchandise mined, produced, or manufactured wholly or in part in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China ("Xinjiang"), or that are produced by certain entities, is prohibited by Section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 and that such goods, wares, articles, and merchandise are not entitled to entry to the United States. U.S. Customs and Border Protection ("CBP") began implementing the presumption set out in the UFLPA on June 21, 2022, resulting in new rules for solar module importers and reviews by CBP. There continues to be uncertainty in the market around achieving full compliance with the UFLPA for the importation of solar modules, whether related to sufficient traceability of materials or other factors. 
 On April 1, 2022, the U.S. Department of Commerce, in response to a petition by Auxin Solar, Inc. ("Auxin"), published a notice initiating an investigation ("the Solar Circumvention Investigation") of claims related to alleged circumvention of U.S. antidumping and countervailing duties ("AD/CVD") by solar manufacturers in certain Southeast Asian countries, in an effort to determine whether or not solar cells and/or modules made in those Southeast Asian nations use parts originating from China in order to circumvent the AD/CVD tariffs. On June 6, 2022, President Biden issued a proclamation allowing U.S. solar deployers the ability to import solar modules and cells from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam free from certain duties for 24 months, along with other incentives designed to accelerate U.S. domestic production of clean energy technologies. However, on December 29, 2023, Auxin and Concept Clean Energy, Inc. filed suit in the U.S. Court of International Trade challenging the legal basis for the moratorium and implementing regulations. If the suit proves successful, solar module importers could owe retroactive duties on goods that have already cleared customs. 
 Since 2016, CBP has issued a number of withhold release orders ("WRO") directed at forced labor in China, including WROs directed specifically at activity in Xinjiang. To date, CBP has used the WROs to detain solar panels, which has disrupted the U.S. solar installation market and caused additional uncertainty on future projects. 
 These policies and actions have resulted in some developers deferring projects due to the uncertainty of panel supply and costs, which negatively impacted our 2022 and 2023 revenue and cash flows and may continue to negatively impact our revenue and our cash flows in 2024. 
 Environmental, social and governance ESG 
 Our mission and core values - 
 Our mission is to drive energy independence through effective and efficient solar engineering and innovation. 
 4 

The following three central pillars are what we were founded on and what currently guides our company: 
 Sustainability , as we were born from sustainable products 

Innovation in the energy transition 

Asset-light to provide efficient and flexible capacity 

We accelerate the adoption of renewable energy by reducing the cost of construction, simplifying the installation process and improving the energy yield of solar projects, thus supporting the transition away from fossil fuels. We make solar energy generation more efficient and attainable with our software, engineering and differentiated products. 
 We are committed to the following core values in the way we do business: 
 Integrity - We do the right thing. We are humble and listen to new ideas. We respect our customers and our teammates. 

Accountability - We are all accountable and act with urgency. We are transparent and deliver on our commitments. We come together to solve problems. 

Innovation - We collaborate to create world class solutions. We foster a learning culture. We turn great ideas into our future. 

Excellence - We are committed to high quality. We plan well and execute flawlessly. We are focused on results. 

Environmental management - 
 We are committed to protecting our environment for the benefit of current and future generations. We design our products and operations to reduce environmental impacts and maximize environmental savings. 
 Beginning in August 2018, several of our functional groups achieved ISO 14001:2015 certification through third-party assurance. The standard from the International Organization for Standardization ("ISO") details the requirements for an environmental management system that we use to measure and manage our environmental performance. Specifically, our tracker business is ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015 and ISO 45001:2018 certified, and through Intertek has met the standards necessary to qualify for the UL certification for solar trackers. Our contract manufacturing partners also undergo a qualification process to remain on our approved vendor list, which includes a review and assessment of their environmental performance. 
 In 2021, we performed a greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions accounting exercise to assess emissions across our global operations, focusing initially on Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions from our owned operations, including purchased electricity and heating. Through this exercise, we identified strategic and operational opportunities to reduce emissions and confirmed most of our GHG emissions are associated with our supply chain. 
 We continue to shift away from nonrenewable materials, especially those derived from petroleum, such as plastics and Styrofoam, and have established a waste management program to promote collection and processing of recyclable materials within the organization, including seeking out trusted electronics recycling partners. Additionally, we designed our solar tracker offerings to minimize steel content, to require no specialized tools and to reduce labor hours needed for installation and maintenance. 
 Social - 
 In addition to providing training to our employees and regular reinforcement of our core values, we have also invested resources in developing a workforce where our teams can enjoy a collaborative environment. 
 Personal health and safety of each employee is of utmost importance, and we work to continually improve our safety policies and procedures. Our employees do not directly perform solar installations, but we consider the safety of the on-site installers when designing our products and installation procedures. 
 ISO 45001 is a framework that was developed to address occupational health and safety risks in the workplace using best practices from international labor standards and regulatory agencies. As noted above, we hold ISO 45001:2018 certification and use a separate but aligned qualification process with our contract manufacturing partners. 
 We provide competitive medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance and savings plan benefits to our employees and regularly publicly recognize individual and teamwork and innovations in company-wide meetings. 
 5 

Governance - 
 We are governed by a board of directors comprising seven members, including five independent members. Our board has established an audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and governance committee, consisting solely of independent members, to advise the full board on various matters. The audit committee will also periodically meet separately with our independent auditors, without the presence of management, to discuss any matters of importance or concern to our auditors. Additionally, our Director of Internal Audit organizationally reports directly to the audit committee. 
 Our executive officers serve at the discretion of our board of directors and hold office until his or her successor is duly appointed or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers and members of our Board of Directors as of the date of this Annual Report: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Company Position/Board Member Occupation 

Executive Officers 

Sasan Aminpour 
 
 60 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Cathy Behnen 
 
 60 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Patrick M. Cook 
 
 40 
 
 Chief Commercial Officer 

Members of the Board of Directors 

Shaker Sadasivam Chairman of the Board 
 
 64 
 
 Chief Executive Officer Auragent Bioscience, LLC 

Ahmad Chatila Director 
 
 56 
 
 Managing Partner Fenice Investment Group 

Isidoro Quiroga Cort s Director 
 
 35 
 
 Manager South Lake One LLC 

Lisan Hung Director 
 
 55 
 
 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Enphase Energy, Inc. 

Tamara Mullings Director 
 
 40 
 
 Chief Executive Officer AFARA Governance Inc. 

William Aldeen "Dean" Priddy, Jr. Director 
 
 63 
 
 Private Investor, Board Member and Consultant 

David Springer Director 
 
 55 
 
 Chief Operating Officer Recurrent Energy 

In addition to our executive officers, our global executive leadership team also includes other individuals, including our General Counsel, Chief Human Resources Officer, Vice President, Business Operations and our Vice President General Manager, FTC China/SE Asia. Additional biographical information on our executive officers will be set forth in the 2024 Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Outlined below under "Human capital resources", is information on the diversity in gender, age and ethnicity of our board of directors, executive leadership team and employee population as of December 31, 2023. 
 Climate change 
 Climate change has primarily impacted our business operations by increasing demand for solar power generation and, as a result, for use of our products. While climate change has not resulted in any material negative impact to our operations to date, we recognize the risk of disruptions to our supply chain due to extreme weather events. This has led us to expand the diversity of our supplier base and to partner with more local suppliers to reduce shipping and transportation needs. We are also increasingly partnering with larger scale steel producers rather than smaller suppliers to facilitate scaling of our operations while remaining conscious of the environmental impacts of steel manufacturing as the regulatory landscape around these high-emitting industries evolves. An example of this strategy is our investment in Alpha Steel, a U.S.-based manufacturing partnership with Taihua, a leading steel fabricator. 
 We also attempt to mitigate the climate-related risks from the use of our products by designing our equipment and systems to have a high-slope tolerance and wind mitigation capabilities, while at the same time reducing the required foundation/pile count needed. This allows our trackers to be installed in increasingly hostile environments with minimal disturbance to the surrounding land. 
 6 

Seasonality 
 Our revenue may be impacted by seasonality and variability related to the timing of construction activity. Based on historical experience, we have experienced lower levels of customer purchasing during winter months in cold-weather climates as it is more costly to our customers to set foundations when the ground is frozen. 
 Competition 
 The tracker industry is highly specialized and dominated by a relatively small number of companies. Our direct tracker competitors include Array Technologies, Inc. and Nextracker Inc. We also compete indirectly with manufacturers of fixed-tilt mounting systems. We compete on the basis of product performance and features, total cost of ownership (usually measured by the levelized cost of energy), reliability and duration of product warranty, sales, manufacturing and distribution capabilities, training, customer support and the ability to identify, hire and retain qualified personnel. 
 Several of our existing and potential competitors are significantly larger than we are and may have greater financial, marketing, manufacturing, distribution and customer support resources, as well as broader brand recognition and greater market penetration, especially in certain markets. 
 Patents, trademarks and trade names 
 We maintain a robust program of research and development to continue to enhance and expand our product offerings to our customers. During the year ended December 31, 2023, our research and development costs totaled 7.2 million, including employee salaries and benefit costs. 
 Our trademarks and trade names include, but are not limited to, Voyager Tracker, Pioneer Tracker, SunDAT, SunPath, SunOPS, Atlas and FTC Solar, which are protected under applicable intellectual property laws. This Annual Report also may contain trademarks, service marks, trade names and copyrights of other companies, which are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks, trade names and copyrights referred to in this Annual Report are listed without the TM, SM, and symbols, but we will assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors, if any, to these trademarks, service marks, trade names and copyrights. 
 At December 31, 2023, we had patents in the following locations: 

Locations 
 
 Patents Granted 

Patents Allowed and Pending for Examination 

United States 

50 

2 

Australia 

4 

1 

All other 

7 

1 

Total 

61 

4 

Our issued U.S. patents are expected to expire between 2024 and 2043. 
 Human capital resources 
 Our year-end headcount by department for each period was as follows: 

Department 
 
 December 31, 2023 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Operations and support 

106 

103 

104 

Research and development 

41 

44 

47 

Sales and marketing 

22 

20 

22 

General and administrative 

44 

54 

50 

Total headcount at period end 

213 

221 

223 

At December 31, 2023, approximately 90 of our employees were located in North America and India with the remainder based primarily in China, Australia and other Southeast Asian or Middle Eastern countries. We believe we have a diverse employee base in terms of gender, age, experience, background and ethnicity. As an example, the self-identified gender of our board of directors and global employee workforce at December 31, 2023, was as follows: 
 7 

Gender 
 
 Board of Directors 

Global Executive Leadership Team 

Global employees 

Male 

5 

5 

177 

Female 

2 

2 

36 

Total at period end 

7 

7 

213 

The age range for our board of directors and global employee workforce at December 31, 2023, was as follows: 

Age range of directors and employees 
 
 Board of Directors 

Global Executive Leadership Team 

Global employees 

18 - 24 

4 

25 - 34 

61 

35 - 44 

2 

3 

90 

45 - 54 

1 

39 

55 and over 

5 

3 

19 

Total at period end 

7 

7 

213 

Additionally, we gather ethnicity information on our U.S. employees, which at December 31, 2023, was as follows: 

Ethnicity 
 
 Board of Directors 

U.S. based Executive Leadership Team 

United States employees 

African American or Black 

1 

7 

Asian 

2 

16 

Hispanic or Latinx 

1 

9 

White (not Hispanic or Latino) (a) 

3 

5 

57 

Two or more races (not Hispanic or Latino) 

1 

6 

Total at period end 

7 

6 

95 

(a) - One member of the board of directors self-identifies as Middle Eastern 

We also seek to attract, advance and empower women in advancing their skills and career opportunities through networking, mentorship and professional development. As an example, we sponsor an internal Women's Innovation Network (WIN) which is focused on attracting, empowering and investing in women's skill and career opportunities. This group holds periodic on-line meetings and events open to the entire employee population at various times during each year. At December 31, 2023, women held the following leadership positions within the Company: 

Leadership positions held by women 
 
 Global 

Women on the board of directors 

2 

Women on the compensation committee of the board of directors 

2 

Women on the audit committee of the board of directors 

1 

Women on the executive leadership team 

2 

Female program managers 

13 

Female people managers 

8 

Other employee resource groups introduced during 2023 included those to support Hispanic, Black and LGBTQ employees, as well as military veterans. 
 We use a mix of competitive base salary, performance-based equity compensation awards and other employee benefits to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified employees and executives. The health and safety of our employees are of primary concern. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we took significant steps to protect our workforce, including but not limited to, working remotely when feasible and implementing social distancing protocols consistent with guidelines issued by federal, state and local governments. 
 8 

We encourage our employees to take appropriate precautions in accordance with guidance from public health organizations and in following company guidelines to protect their health and safety. Employees are expected to report all instances of unsafe working conditions or safety incidents that occur. We also provide training to employees on safety measures they are expected to follow, as well as providing appropriate personal protective equipment as needed. Our Executive Leadership Team frequently reviews and monitors safety statistics on our workforce and takes appropriate corrective action when necessary. 
 None of our employees are represented by a labor union, and we consider relations with our employees to be good. 
 Available information 
 We disseminate information about the Company through required filings we make with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and, at our discretion, on our website at www.ftcsolar.com . 
 Information contained on or connected to our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report and should not be considered part of this Annual Report or other filings we make with the SEC. The SEC maintains a site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding reporting issuers. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K are filed electronically and are available free of charge at http://www.sec.gov . Additionally, these reports are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Paper copies may also be obtained at no cost upon request to our General Counsel at 9020 North Capital of Texas Hwy., Building 1, Suite 260, Austin, TX 78759 or by calling (737) 787-7906. 
 Ite m 1A. Risk Factors. 
 In conducting our business, we may face risks and uncertainties that may interfere with our business objectives. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as all of the other information contained in this Annual Report, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report. The risks and uncertainties below are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. The occurrence of any of the following risks, or others specified below, could materially and adversely affect our business, strategies, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In such case, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 As noted above, we are subject to a number of risks that in some cases have and moving forward if realized could further adversely affect our business, strategies, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Some of the more significant risks and uncertainties we face include those summarized below. The summary below is not exhaustive and is qualified by reference to the full set of risk factors set forth in this "Risk Factors" section. Please carefully consider all of the information in this Annual Report, including the full set of risks set forth in this "Risk Factors" section, and in our other filings with the SEC before making an investment decision regarding us. 
 Risks related to our business and our industry We are a relatively new public company with a history of losses that provides products and services to the solar industry, which is rapidly changing and dependent on being competitive with the price of electricity generated from other sources. We face competition from other companies that may be larger than us and have more financial resources than we have which could impact our ability to compete for new business. We also currently rely on a limited number of customers which may have material adverse effects on our revenue, operating results and cash flows. 

Risks related to government regulations and legal compliance We face risks to the demand for our products from our customers due to changes in, or expiration of, governmental incentives and existing tax credits and other benefits. Additionally, changes in the trade environment and tax treaties between the United States and other countries, such as China, as well as import tariffs and other laws and regulations that impact the ability to import our products or other products necessary for the construction of solar energy projects, have adversely and could continue to adversely affect our business. 

Risks related to manufacturing and supply chain We face risks in meeting the needs of our customers due to our reliance on a limited number of contract manufacturers, including on their ability to obtain raw 

9 

materials in a cost effective and timely manner and to provide timely deliveries of finished products to us and our customers. 

Risks related to intellectual property We face the risk of not being able to adequately protect or defend our intellectual property and property rights in the various countries in which we do business. 

Risks related to information technology and data privacy We face reputational and monetary risks from cybersecurity incidents and the unauthorized disclosure of personal or sensitive data relating to our employees, customers, vendors and others. 

Risks related to ownership of our common stock The holders of our common stock face a risk of loss in their investment in us due to fluctuations in our stock price as a result of changing market conditions, any future issuances of stock, our future financial performance, our corporate legal structure, the substantial ownership in our stock by our directors, executive officers and principal stockholders and the potential for our common stock to not be able to trade in active, liquid markets. 

Risks related to health epidemics We face risks of our business being adversely impacted by the effects of future widespread outbreaks of contagious disease. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic caused significant supply chain disruptions beginning in 2020 that resulted in delays in product delivery and completion and caused increased transportation costs, as well as labor shortages. 

Risks Rel ated to Our Business and Our Industry 
 Our limited operating history and the rapidly changing solar industry make it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and we may not achieve profitability in the future. 
 We have only been in existence since January 3, 2017, and the first installation of Voyager was in the third quarter of 2019. In September 2022, we announced the introduction of Pioneer, our new 1P solar tracker solution. We have also launched a new mounting solution to support the installation and use of U.S.-manufactured thin-film modules by project owners and, in August 2023, we introduced SUNOPS, a cloud-based, tracker-agnostic solar asset monitoring solution allowing asset owners and managers to evaluate the operation and performance of their solar deployments. Our solar tracker systems and other solar energy products and services are used primarily in utility-scale ground-mounted solar energy projects. As a result, our future success depends on continued demand for utility-scale solar energy products and services and the ability of solar equipment manufacturers and suppliers to meet this demand. The solar industry is an evolving industry that has experienced substantial changes in recent years, and consumers and businesses ultimately may not adopt solar energy as an alternative energy source at levels sufficient to grow our business. Some of the factors that may impact the demand for solar energy include: 
 the cost competitiveness, reliability and performance of solar energy systems compared to conventional and non-solar renewable energy sources and products, including the pricing and availability of component parts (e.g., panels) used in solar energy systems; 

the availability, scale and scope of federal, state, local and foreign government subsidies and incentives to support the development and deployment of solar energy products; 

the changes in the trade environment and tax treaties between the United States and other countries, such as China, as well as import tariffs and other laws and regulations that impact the ability to import our products or other products necessary for the construction of solar energy projects; 

prices of traditional carbon-based energy sources and government subsidies for these sources; 

the extent to which the electric power industry and broader energy industries are deregulated to permit broader adoption of solar electricity generation; 

investment by end-users of solar energy products, which tends to decrease when economic growth slows; and 

the emergence, continuance or success of, or increased government support for, other alternative energy generation technologies and products. 

We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, including unpredictable and volatile revenue. If demand for solar energy fails to continue to develop sufficiently or is not sustained, demand for our products and services will suffer, which would have an adverse impact on our ability to increase our revenue and grow our business. 
 10 

We have a history of losses that may continue in the future, and we may not achieve profitability or generate positive cash flow. 
 We had a net loss of 50.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. We have incurred substantial net losses from our inception, and we may not be able to achieve profitability and may incur additional losses in the future. At December 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of 299.1 million. In addition, during the three-year period ended December 31, 2023, we used 240.0 million of cash to fund our operating activities and have 25.2 million of cash and cash equivalents remaining on hand at December 31, 2023. 
 Our revenue growth may slow or revenue may decline for a number of reasons, including governmental tariffs or restrictions on imports, a decline in demand for our offerings, increased competition, a lack of success in converting sales leads into binding purchase orders, loss of existing customers, project delays by existing customers, our inability to sell software and other complementary products, a decrease in the growth of the solar industry or our market share, future decline in average selling prices of our products and services, our inability to enter certain international markets or our failure to capitalize on growth opportunities. We may not achieve profitability for a number of reasons, including any declines in revenue, as discussed above, as well as increases in costs to manufacture our products, the impact of U.S. trade tariffs and the imposition of additional tariffs applicable to our industry or our products. In addition, we expect to incur additional costs and expenses related to the continued development and expansion of our business, including in connection with any future acquisitions, as well as ongoing development and marketing of our products and services, expanding into new markets and geographies with respect to both manufacturing and sales of our products, maintaining and enhancing our research and development operations, hiring additional personnel, incurring additional overhead costs and incurring greater costs from professional third-party advisors as necessary in connection with the expansion of our business and public company operations. We do not know whether our revenue will grow rapidly enough to absorb such costs and expenses, or the extent of such costs and expenses and their impact on our results of operations. If we fail to generate sufficient revenue to support our operations, we may not be able to achieve profitability or generate sufficient cash flow to meet our financial obligations and our liquidity position will be negatively impacted. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources" for a further discussion of the other factors that may impact our liquidity position. 
 As a result, we may need to issue additional debt or obtain new equity financing to fund our operations. We may be unable to obtain any desired additional debt or equity financing on terms favorable to us, or at all, depending on interest rates, our stock price, our ability to have our stock continue to trade on active markets and existing market or other conditions. The ability to raise additional financing depends on numerous factors that are outside our control, including general economic and market conditions, the health of financial institutions, investors' and lenders' assessments of our prospects and the prospects of the solar industry in general. 
 The market for our products and services is highly competitive and rapidly evolving and we expect to face increased competition. 
 The market for solar energy products and services is highly competitive with relatively low barriers to entry. We principally compete with other solar tracker equipment suppliers, as well as fixed-tilt suppliers. A number of companies have developed or are developing solar tracker systems and other products and services that compete or will compete directly with our products and services in the utility-scale solar energy market. Public competitors in the solar tracker market include, among others, Array Technologies, Inc. and Nextracker Inc. In addition, there are numerous private company competitors, both domestically and internationally. We expect competition to intensify as new competitors enter the market and existing competitors attempt to increase their market shares. Any failure by us to develop or adopt new or enhanced technologies or processes, or to adapt or react to changes in existing technologies, could result in product obsolescence, the loss of competitiveness of our products, including offering lower cost savings or return on investment relative to competing products, decreased revenue and a loss of market share to competitors. For example, until recently we did not have a 1P product offering, which limited the potential projects and markets to which we could sell our products, and therefore had an adverse impact on our revenue during 2022 and 2023. 
 Several of our existing and potential competitors are significantly larger than we are and may have greater financial, marketing, manufacturing, distribution and customer support resources, as well as broader brand recognition and greater market penetration, especially in certain markets. For example, certain of our competitors have greater capacity and ability to manufacture their products in the United States, which can provide a competitive advantage. In addition, our competitors existing or future products may result in higher energy production and lower cost of energy for the solar energy projects to which they are deployed, either broadly or in certain conditions. Some of our competitors have more resources and experience in developing or acquiring new products and technologies and creating market awareness for these offerings, as well as more established customer relationships due to their longer operating histories. Because we are a fairly new participant in the solar tracker market, both in the United States and globally, it is essential that we acquire market share from our competitors, and our failure to do so could impact our ability to continue to grow our business. 
 11 

Further, technological advances in the tracker industry are developing rapidly and certain competitors may be able to develop or deploy new products and services more quickly than we can, or that are more reliable or that provide more functionality than ours. For example, we intend to continue to develop and deploy products that can withstand higher wind speeds, are adaptable to irregular site boundaries and undulating terrain and can support larger-format panels; however, our competitors may do so more quickly or effectively. In addition, some of our competitors have the financial resources to offer competitive products at aggressive pricing levels, which could cause us to lose sales or market share, or prevent us from gaining sales or market share, or require us to lower prices for our products and services to compete effectively. If we have to reduce our prices, or if we are unable to offset any future reductions in our average selling prices by increasing our sales volume, reducing our costs and expenses, or introducing new products and services, our revenue and gross profit would suffer. 
 We also may face competition from some of our customers or potential customers or other participants in the solar energy industry who evaluate our capabilities against the merits of manufacturing products internally or as a complementary offering to their other products. For example, solar panel manufacturers or project developers could develop or acquire competing technology and, in the case of project developers, use such technology in their solar energy projects. Due to the fact that such customers may not seek to make a profit directly from the manufacture of these products, they may have the ability to manufacture competitive products at a lower cost than we would charge such customers. As a result, our customers or potential customers may purchase fewer of our systems or sell products that compete with our systems, which would negatively impact our revenue and gross profit. 
 Our solar tracker systems and associated products and services may not achieve broader market acceptance, which would prevent us from increasing our revenue and market share. 
 If we fail to achieve broader market acceptance of our products and services, including international acceptance of Voyager and Pioneer, our ability to increase our revenue, gain market share and achieve profitability would be adversely impacted. Our ability to achieve broader market acceptance for our products and services may be affected by a number of factors, including: 
 our ability to produce solar tracker systems that compete favorably against other products on the basis of price, quality, cost of installation, overall cost savings, reliability and performance; 

the rate and extent of deployment of tracker systems versus fixed-tilt ground-mounted systems within the solar industry, especially in international markets; 

our ability to timely introduce new products and complete new designs, and qualify and certify our products; 

whether project developers, solar asset owners, EPC contractors and solar financing providers will continue to adopt and finance our solar tracker systems and other products and services, including as a result of the quality, reliability and performance of our tracker systems that are in operation, which have a relatively limited history; 

the ability of prospective customers to obtain financing, including tax equity financing, for solar energy installations using our products on acceptable terms or at all; 

our ability to develop products and related processes that comply with local standards and regulatory requirements, as well as local content requirements; and 

our ability to develop and maintain successful relationships with our customers and contract manufacturers. 

In addition, our reputation and our relationship with our customers is paramount to us, and we have invested heavily in building a brand and solutions associated with high quality, differentiated product offerings and strong customer service. We believe that maintaining the quality of our products and the strength of our reputation is critical to our existing customer relationships and our ability to win new customers and achieve broader market acceptance. Any negative publicity can adversely affect our reputation, and may arise from many sources, including actual or alleged misconduct, errors or improper business practices by employees, officers or current or former directors, including for activities external to FTC Solar, employee claims against us, product defects or failures, future litigation or regulatory actions, matters affecting our financial reporting or compliance with SEC or exchange listing requirements, media coverage, whether accurate or not, governance lapses or workplace misconduct. In addition, we and our officers, directors and/or employees could be involved in future litigation or claims which could result in negative publicity and adversely impact our business, even if without merit. Any such reputational damage could reduce demand for our products, undermine the loyalty of our customers or reduce our ability to attract new customers and recruit and retain employees, and adversely impact our ability to increase our market share and revenue. 
 12 

A decrease in the price of electricity may harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Decreases in the price of electricity, whether in organized electric markets or with contract counterparties, may negatively impact the owners of solar energy projects or make the purchase of solar energy systems less economically attractive and would likely result in lower sales of our products and services. The price of electricity could decrease as a result of: 
 construction of a significant number of new, lower-cost power generation plants, including plants utilizing natural gas, renewable energy or other generation technologies; 

relief of transmission constraints that enable distant, lower-cost generation to transmit energy less expensively or in greater quantities; 

reductions in the price of natural gas or other fuels; 

utility rate adjustment and customer class cost reallocation; 

decreased electricity demand, including from energy conservation technologies and public initiatives to reduce electricity consumption; 

development of smart-grid technologies that lower peak energy requirements; 

development of new or lower-cost customer-sited energy storage technologies that have the ability to reduce a customer s average cost of electricity by shifting load to off-peak times; and 

development of new energy generation technologies that provide less expensive energy. 

If the cost of electricity generated by solar energy installations incorporating our systems or similar tracker systems is high relative to the cost of electricity from other sources, then our business, financial condition and results of operations may be harmed. 
 Our success in providing panel agnostic versions of our solar tracker systems will depend in part upon our ability to continue to work closely with leading solar panel manufacturers. 
 We continue to work on variants of our solar tracker systems that enable direct attachment to solar panels produced by various solar panel manufacturers. The market success of such panel agnostic tracker solutions will depend in part on our ability to continue to work closely with solar panel manufacturers to design solar tracker systems that are compatible with their solar panels, including new larger-format solar panels that are entering the market. The solar panel manufacturer market is large and diversified, with many market participants, and we may not be able to effectively work with all necessary solar panel manufacturers on the development of such compatible tracker solutions for a variety of reasons, including differences in marketing or selling strategy, our relatively limited operating history, competitive considerations, engineering challenges, lack of competitive pricing and technological compatibility. For example, prior to September 2022, we did not have a solution for certain thin-film U.S. produced modules, which limited the potential market for our products. In addition, our ability to form effective partnerships with solar panel manufacturers may be adversely affected by the substantial challenges faced by many of these manufacturers due to declining prices and revenue from sales of solar panels and the tariffs in the United States. 
 If potential owners of solar energy systems incorporating our solar tracker systems are unable to secure financing on acceptable terms, we could experience a reduction in the demand for our products. 
 Voyager, and more recently Pioneer, are relatively new to the market, with Voyager having achieved product certification and first installation in 2019 and Pioneer being introduced to potential customers in September 2022 and becoming certified in July 2023. We believe our Voyager tracker allowed us to quickly build a strong reputation in the industry for a 2P tracker offering. However, the limited deployment of Voyager, the more recent introduction of Pioneer and the short operating history to date for our systems that have been installed, coupled with our relatively smaller size and capitalization compared to some of our competitors, could result in lenders or tax equity providers refusing to provide the financing to our customers that is necessary for them to purchase solar energy systems based on our product platform on favorable terms, or at all. Additionally, a further increase in interest rates or interest rates maintaining their currently high level, increased inflation or a reduction in the supply of, or change in the market terms offered for project debt or tax equity financing, could make it more difficult for our customers to secure the necessary financing on favorable terms, or at all. Specifically, interest rates have risen significantly during 2022 and 2023 which have greatly increased the cost of constructing solar energy projects that are dependent on third party financing. Any of these events could result in reduced demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 13 

Our dependence on a limited number of customers as well as the payment terms we agree to with such customers may impair our ability to operate profitably. 
 We have been dependent in each year since our inception on a small number of customers who generate a significant portion of our business. During the year ended December 31, 2023, four customers accounted for approximately 23 , 19 , 17 and 13 , respectively, of total revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2022, three customers accounted for approximately 23 , 20 and 11 , respectively, of total revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2021, three customers accounted for approximately 37 , 20 and 15 , respectively, of total revenue. Further, our trade accounts receivable are all from companies within or those that serve the solar industry. At December 31, 2023, four customers accounted for approximately 86 of our total receivables, including one customer that accounted for approximately 42 of our total receivables. 
 As a result, we may have difficulty operating profitably if there is a delay or default in payment by any of our customers, we lose an existing order, an existing order is delayed or postponed or we are unable to generate new orders from new or existing customers. For example, in 2023, the timeline for constructing a number of projects that had been awarded to us was subsequently delayed after being awarded. In addition, we make significant expenditures in fulfilling an order prior to being paid in full by our customer for such order, and therefore any delay or default in payment by a customer may result in our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations being materially adversely affected. Furthermore, to the extent that any one customer or a small number of customers continues to account for a large percentage of our revenue, the loss of any such customer or that customer s inability to meet its payment obligations could materially affect our ability to operate profitably. Furthermore, in certain circumstances we may not have sufficient recourse to recover our losses in full after a customer fails to meet its payment obligations. As an example, during 2023, we recognized a 7.1 million credit loss provision relating to our expectations of a specific customer being unable to fully satisfy its payment obligations to us. We anticipate that our dependence on a limited number of customers in any given fiscal year, as well as being required to make significant expenditures in fulfilling an order prior to being paid in full by our customer for such order, will continue for the foreseeable future. There is always a risk that existing customers will elect not to do business with us in the future or will experience financial difficulties, and the nature of our business requires us to take credit risk on behalf of our customers. If we do not book more orders with existing customers, or develop relationships with new customers, we may not be able to increase, or even maintain, our revenue, and our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 
 We invest significant time, resources and management attention to identifying and developing project leads that are subject to our sales and marketing focus, and if we are unsuccessful in converting such project leads (or awarded orders) into binding purchase orders, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 The commercial contracting and bidding process for solar project development is long and has multiple steps and uncertainties. We closely monitor the development of potential sales leads through this process. Project leads may not be converted into binding purchase orders at any stage of the bidding process because either (i) a competitor's product is selected to fulfill some or all of the order due to price, functionality or other reasons or (ii) the project does not progress to the stage involving the purchase of tracker systems. In addition, there is a risk that an awarded order (which is an order for which we are in the process of documenting a contract but for which a contract has not yet been signed, or that have been awarded in writing or verbally with a mutual understanding that the order will be contracted in the future) will not be converted into a binding purchase order, or the time for converting such awarded order to a binding purchase order will be longer than expected. In particular, we have seen awarded orders take a longer period of time than expected to convert to binding purchase orders, and expect this trend to continue in the future in respect of currently awarded orders and future awarded orders, as a result of developers deferring projects due to the uncertainty of panel supply, costs related to UFLPA, AD/CVD and WROs, as described elsewhere, inability to obtain financing, including due to higher interest rates, permitting delays, regulation uncertainty, including related to the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, as well as other factors that impact the project development timeline of our customers which has negatively impacted our 2022 and 2023 revenue and cash flows and may continue to negatively impact our anticipated revenue and our cash flows in 2024. There is also a risk that an awarded order once converted to a binding purchase order will not be subject to the same pricing or timeline as we originally anticipated, or that a customer will subsequently seek to amend, terminate or otherwise breach a purchase order that has been received due to a customer not being able to comply with, or requiring a modification to, terms related to pricing or timeline in such purchase order. In addition, in certain circumstances we receive a purchase order that does not include binding pricing or a firm timeline for product delivery and payment terms, and will require a subsequent change order in order to document such items. In these circumstances, there is a risk that such a change order will not be entered into, will be entered into on a date that is later than expected, or will be entered into on terms that are unfavorable to us, which in either cases could impact the amount of our revenue or the timing thereof. In 2022 and 2023 we have seen customers require amendments or modifications to purchase orders, and have also seen customers breach their obligations under 
 14 

purchase orders, as a result of customers being unable to meet timing and payment obligations due to developers deferring projects for the reasons stated above, which have negatively impacted our 2022 and 2023 revenue and cash flows and may continue to negatively impact our anticipated revenue and our cash flow in 2024. If we fail to convert a significant number of project leads that are subject to our sales and marketing focus (or awarded orders) into binding purchase orders, or the time for converting awarded orders to a binding purchase order is longer than expected, or the pricing and timing in binding purchase orders is not as favorable to us as originally anticipated in the awarded order, or a purchase order has to be subsequently amended or supplemented on account of changes or additions related to pricing or product delivery, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Due to the seasonality of construction in the United States, our results of operations may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter, which could make our future performance difficult to predict and could cause our results of operations for a particular period to fall below expectations, resulting in a decline in the price of our common stock. 
 Our quarterly results of operations are difficult to predict and may fluctuate significantly in the future. Because a substantial majority of our sales since inception have been concentrated in the U.S. market, we have experienced seasonal and quarterly fluctuations in the past as a result of seasonal fluctuations in our customers businesses. Additionally, our end-users ability to install solar energy systems is affected by weather. For example, during the winter months in cold-weather climates in the United States, construction may be delayed in order to let the ground thaw to reduce costs. Such installation delays can impact the timing of orders for our products. We have expanded into areas with traditionally warmer climates which has resulted in less pronounced seasonal variations in our revenue profile, and we expect this trend to continue as we continue to expand into such areas. 
 Given that we are an early-stage company operating in a rapidly growing industry, the true extent of historic fluctuations due to the seasonality of construction may have been masked by recent impacts from tariff and other regulatory issues, as well as rising inflation and challenging supply chain conditions and consequently may not be readily apparent from our historical results of operations and may be difficult to predict. Any substantial decrease in revenue would have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. 
 We plan to continue expanding into additional international markets, which will expose us to additional regulatory, economic, political, reputational and competitive risks. 
 We have been, and plan to continue, expanding our operations to other countries, which requires significant resources and management attention and subjects us to regulatory, economic, political and competitive risks in addition to those we already face in the United States. There are significant risks and costs inherent in doing business in international markets, including: 
 difficulty in establishing and managing international operations, including establishment of local customer service operations and local sales operations, and the associated legal compliance costs; 

risks related to the usage of international sales representatives, who we do not presently engage but may in the future, who would not be our employees and would not be under our direct control, including legal compliance risks and reputational risks; 

acceptance of our current tracker systems or other solar energy products and services in markets in which they have not traditionally been used; 

our ability to accurately forecast product demand and manage manufacturing capacity and production; 

willingness of our potential customers to incur a higher upfront capital investment for Voyager than may be required for competing fixed-tilt ground-mounted systems; 

our ability to obtain timely qualification and certification of new products in new markets and subsequent adoption challenges, including overcoming potentially higher upfront capital investments compared to competing fixed-tilt ground-mounted systems; 

our ability to reduce production costs to price our products competitively; 

availability of government subsidies and economic incentives for solar energy products and services; 

our ability to protect and enforce intellectual property rights abroad; 

compliance with sanctions laws and anti-bribery laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), by us, our employees, our sales representatives and our business partners; 

import and export controls and restrictions and changes in trade regulations; 

15 

tariffs and other non-tariff barriers, tax consequences and local content requirements; 

fluctuations in currency exchange rates and the requirements of currency control regulations, which might restrict or prohibit conversion of other currencies into U.S. dollars; and 

political or social unrest, military conflict or economic instability in a specific country or region in which we operate. 

We have limited experience with certain international regulatory environments and market practices and may not be able to penetrate or successfully operate in the markets we may choose to enter or have entered or otherwise effectively mitigate the regulatory, economic, political, reputational and competitive risks that are inherent when operating in such environments. In addition, we may incur significant expenses as a result of our international expansion, and we may not be successful. For example, we have made investments into the European and Asian markets but are yet to realize material revenue from customers in such markets, and we typically anticipate that we will not realize material revenue from customers in new markets until significant time and expense has been invested, and in some cases we may not realize material revenue at all despite making such investments. Our failure to successfully manage these risks could harm our international operations and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We may invest in or acquire other companies or technologies, which could divert our management s attention, result in dilution to our stockholders, reduce our available cash that could be used for other purposes and otherwise disrupt our operations and harm our results of operations. 
 We may decide to continue to grow our business through additional investments in or acquisitions of businesses and technologies rather than through internal development. The identification of suitable investment or acquisition candidates can be difficult, time consuming and costly, and we may not be able to successfully complete newly identified investment opportunities or acquisitions, or successfully integrate new acquisitions such that they become long-term profitable operations. The risks we face in connection with investments or acquisitions include, but are not limited to: 
 diversion of management time and focus from operating our business, as well as use of Company resources (including cash) to addressing acquisition integration challenges; 

retention of key employees from the acquired company; 

failure to realize long-term value and synergies from investments or acquisitions; 

failure to realize incremental revenue or profit that was anticipated to result from investments or acquisitions; 

failure to synchronize and integrate the operations of an acquired company with our operations, including blending of corporate cultures; 

assumption of unanticipated liabilities for activities of an investee or the acquired company before the acquisition; and 

litigation or other claims in connection with the acquisition, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders or other third parties. 

Our failure to address these risks or other risks encountered in connection with currently completed or future investments and acquisitions could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of these investments or acquisitions and incur unanticipated liabilities, or otherwise harm our business. Currently completed or future investments or acquisitions also could result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, use of our cash in payment of cash consideration or additional investment capital, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, any of which could harm our financial condition. For example, during 2023, we made an investment of 0.9 million as our initial capital contribution for a 45 interest in Alpha Steel, a newly formed partnership with Taihua and DAYV LLC to produce steel components, including torque tubes, for utility-scale solar projects. The Alpha Steel facility, which is located outside of Houston in Sealy, Texas, began limited commercial production late in the fourth quarter of 2023. We could be required to make up to 2.6 million in additional capital contributions as Alpha Steel expands production. We are also contingently liable for certain unpaid vendor obligations, including issued but unsatisfied purchase orders issued by Alpha Steel totaling approximately 3.4 million as of December 31, 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we recognized a loss of approximately 0.7 million for our equity share of the net operating loss of Alpha Steel during 2023. Any of the risks described above, if realized, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 16 

Defects or quality or performance problems in our products could result in loss of customers, reputational damage and decreased revenue, and we may face warranty, indemnity and product liability claims arising from defective products. 
 Although we set stringent quality standards for our products, they may contain errors or defects, especially when first introduced or when new generations are released. Errors, defects or poor performance can arise due to design flaws, defects in raw materials or components, manufacturing difficulties and quality control failures, which can affect both the quality and the yield of the product. Any actual or perceived errors, defects or poor performance in our products could result in replacements or recalls, remediation requests and warranty claims, shipment delays, rejection of our products, damage to our reputation, lost revenue, diversion of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts, diversion of our sales personnel from sales efforts and increases in customer service and support costs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, defective products may give rise to warranty, indemnity, product liability, liquidated damages or other contractual claims against us that exceed any revenue or profit we receive from the affected products, including claims for damages related to aspects or components of a solar energy project that go beyond the scope of our product offerings. Our limited warranties cover defects in materials and workmanship of our products. As a result, we bear the risk of warranty claims long after we have sold products and recognized revenue. Our accrued reserves for warranty claims are based on available industry data relating to the nature and frequency of product failure rates and, where possible, on our historical experience, which may be limited in certain circumstances. As a result, our assumptions could prove to be materially different from the warranty obligations that we may be required to compensate customers for in the case of defective products. Our failure to accurately predict future warranty claims could result in unexpected volatility in, and have a material adverse effect on, our financial condition. In addition, while we seek to support our warranty obligations with warranties from our contract manufacturers, such warranties may not be of the same scope as our warranty obligations, or we may not be able to effectively enforce our rights thereunder. 
 If one of our products were to cause injury to someone or cause property damage, including as a result of product malfunctions, defects or improper installation, then we could be exposed to product liability claims. We could incur significant costs and liabilities if we are sued and if damages are awarded against us, which could far exceed the revenue we recognize in connection with the related project. Further, any product liability claim we face could be expensive to defend and could divert management s attention. The successful assertion of a product liability claim against us could result in potentially significant monetary damages, penalties or fines, subject us to adverse publicity, damage our reputation and competitive position and adversely affect sales of our products. In addition, product liability claims, injuries, defects or other problems experienced by other companies in the solar energy industry could lead to unfavorable market conditions for the industry as a whole and may have an adverse effect on our ability to attract new customers, thus harming our growth and financial performance. 
 If we fail to retain key personnel or if we fail to attract additional qualified personnel, we may not be able to achieve our anticipated level of growth and our business could suffer. 
 Our future success and ability to implement our business strategy depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain key personnel, and on the continued contributions of members of our senior management team and key technical personnel, each of whom would be difficult to replace. All of our employees, including our senior management, are free to terminate their employment relationships with us at any time. Competition for highly skilled individuals with technical expertise is extremely intense in our industry, and we face challenges identifying, hiring and retaining qualified personnel in many areas of our business. Additionally, in response to adverse market and regulatory conditions during much of 2022 and 2023, we made workforce reductions in December 2022 and August 2023, which included certain members of our executive leadership team, and subsequent the Company and our then President and Chief Executive Officer and then Chief Financial Officer agreed that each would step down from their positions, and such executives departed the Company, effective in December 2023. In addition, we converted payment of earned incentive compensation to our employees from cash to stock in mid-2022 and continued that program into 2023. These factors may create additional challenges in retaining our personnel. As we begin to increase our workforce again in the future due to expected growth, integrating new employees into our team could be disruptive to our operations, requiring substantial resources and management attention and ultimately prove unsuccessful. Any inability to retain our current senior management and other key personnel or to attract additional qualified personnel could limit or delay our strategic efforts, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 17 

Risks Re lated to Government Regulations and Legal Compliance 
 The reduction, elimination or expiration of government incentives for, or regulations mandating the use of, as well as corporate commitments to the use of, renewable energy and solar energy specifically could reduce demand for solar energy systems and harm our business. 
 Federal, state, local and foreign government bodies provide incentives to owners, end-users, distributors, system integrators and manufacturers of solar energy systems to promote solar electricity in the form of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives such as system performance payments, payments of renewable energy credits associated with renewable energy generation and manufacturing of specific solar components, as well as exclusions of solar energy systems from property tax assessments. 
 The most notable incentive program impacting our U.S. business has historically been the ITC for solar energy projects, which allows taxpayers to offset their U.S. federal income tax liability by a certain percentage of their cost basis in solar energy systems placed in service for commercial use. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, passed by the U.S. Congress and signed into law by President Biden on August 16, 2022, expanded and extended the tax credits and other tax benefits available to solar energy projects and the solar energy supply chain. ITCs have been extended for such projects through at least 2032 and, depending on the location of a particular project and its ability to satisfy certain labor and domestic content requirements, the ITC percentage can range between 30 and 50 . U.S. manufacturers of specific solar components are now eligible to claim production tax credits as an alternative to the ITC. Implementing regulations for this law are, in certain cases, still being finalized and the impact of these regulations continue to be evaluated by developers of new solar projects and manufacturers of solar components. Our investment in and commitments made to Alpha Steel will allow us to obtain certain benefits as a result of this new production tax credit program. We believe this law will bolster and extend future demand for our products in the United States, despite remaining uncertainty about implementing regulations. However, the reduction, elimination or modification (including through implementing regulations) of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 could reduce demand for solar energy systems. For example, there are growing calls for repeal of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, as well as proposed regulation to curtail the use of incentives under the act if a solar project of manufacturer has ties to certain foreign nations, including China. The likelihood of such measures being implemented could increase if certain officials are elected, including during the upcoming federal elections in November of 2024. In addition, certain implementing regulations and related processes have to date created uncertainty in the solar energy industry as to the availability of certain tax credits, including the tax credit available for sourcing a solar project with domestic content. Any effort to reduce, eliminate or modify (including through implementing regulations) the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 In addition, similar incentives may exist in, or be developed outside of, the United States, which could impact demand for our products and services as we expand our business into foreign jurisdictions. For example, a feed-in-tariff ("FIT") is a type of incentive that pays owners of renewable energy systems, including solar energy systems, a certain amount per unit of electricity they generate and provide to the grid. While FITs are relatively rare as a solar policy mechanism in the United States, they are more common internationally. Our international customers and end-users may have access to FITs, tax deductions and grants toward equipment purchases. Our ability to successfully penetrate new geographic markets may depend on new countries adopting, to the extent such incentives are not currently in place, and maintaining such incentives to promote solar electricity. 
 The range and duration of these incentives vary widely by jurisdiction. Our customers typically use our systems for utility scale grid-connected electric power generation projects that sell solar power under a power purchase agreement or into an organized electric market. This segment of the solar industry has historically depended in large part on the availability and size of government incentives and regulations mandating the use of renewable energy. Consequently, the reduction, elimination or expiration of government incentives for grid-connected solar electricity or regulations mandating the use of renewable energy may negatively affect the competitiveness of solar electricity relative to conventional and non-solar renewable sources of electricity, and could harm or halt the growth of the solar electricity industry and our business. These subsidies and incentives may expire (i) on a particular date, (ii) end when the allocated funding is exhausted or may be reduced or terminated as solar energy adoption rates increase or as a result of legal challenges, (iii) upon the adoption of new statutes or regulations or (iv) with the passage of time. These reductions or terminations may occur without warning, which would negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Corporate social responsibility efforts, such as net zero emission pledges, have fostered private sector investment in solar energy systems in recent years. To the extent that these corporate policies are redirected away from renewable energy in general or solar energy in particular, our business, financial condition and results of operation may be negatively impacted. 
 18 

In addition, federal, state, local and foreign government bodies have implemented various policies that are intended to promote renewable electricity generally or solar electricity in particular. RPS are a set of policies designed to increase the use of renewable energy sources for electricity generation. In general, RPS set a minimum requirement for the share of electricity supply that comes from designated renewable energy resources by a certain date or year. According to information provided by the U.S. Energy Information Administration, as of November 2022, 36 states and the District of Columbia had established an RPS or renewable energy goal. In 12 of those states and the District of Columbia, the requirement is for 100 clean energy by 2050 or earlier. A common feature of RPS policies is a renewable electricity credit trading system that reduces the cost to comply with the RPS. 
 The cost of solar power may exceed retail electricity rates. Electric utility companies or generators of electricity from other non-solar renewable sources of electricity may successfully lobby for changes in the relevant legislation in their markets that are harmful to the solar industry. Furthermore, electric utility companies may establish pricing structures or interconnection requirements that could adversely affect our sales and be harmful to the solar generation industry. 
 The concentration of our sales in a limited number of specific markets increases risks associated with the reduction, elimination or expiration of governmental subsidies and economic incentives for solar energy products. 
 The majority of our revenue during the periods covered by this Annual Report resulted from sales by our subsidiary in the United States. For example, for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, 94 , 80 and nearly 100 , respectively, of total third-party revenue resulted from sales by our U.S. subsidiary. We expect to continue to generate a substantial amount of our revenue from our U.S. subsidiary in the future. 
 There are a number of important incentives, including those provided in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, as described above, that have a certain time limit and are expected to phase down or terminate in the future, which could adversely affect sales of our products in the United States. Additionally, as we further expand to other countries, changes in incentive programs or electricity policies could negatively affect returns on our investments in those countries as well as our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Existing electric utility industry policies and regulations, and any subsequent changes, may present technical, regulatory and economic barriers to the purchase and use of solar energy systems that may significantly reduce demand for our products and services or harm our ability to compete. 
 Federal, state, local and foreign government regulations and policies concerning the broader electric utility industry, as well as internal policies and regulations promulgated by electric utilities and organized electric markets with respect to fees, practices and rate design, heavily influence the market for electricity generation products and services. These regulations and policies often affect electricity pricing and the interconnection of generation facilities, and can be subject to frequent modifications by governments, regulatory bodies, utilities and market operators. For example, changes in fee structures, electricity pricing structures and system permitting, interconnection and operating requirements can deter purchases of renewable energy products, including solar energy systems, by reducing anticipated revenue or increasing costs or regulatory burdens for would-be system purchasers. The resulting reductions in demand for solar energy systems could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A significant development in renewable energy pricing policies in the United States occurred on July 16, 2020, when the FERC issued a final rule amending regulations that implement the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act PURPA ). The net effect of these changes is uncertain, however, in general, FERC s PURPA reforms have the potential to reduce prices for the output from certain new renewable generation projects while also narrowing the scope of PURPA eligibility for new projects. These effects could reduce demand for PURPA-eligible solar energy systems and could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, changes in our products or changes in export and import laws and implementing regulations may create delays in the introduction of new products in international markets, prevent our customers from deploying our products internationally or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our products to certain countries altogether. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Actions addressing determinations of forced labor practices in China and legislation and policies adopted to address such practices may disrupt the global supply of solar panels and affect our business. 
 Since 2016, CBP has issued a number of WROs directed at forced labor in China, including WROs directed specifically at activity in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. As a result of these orders, certain products, including solar panels manufactured with polysilicon from Xinjiang, are effectively barred from entering the United States. Despite our due diligence efforts, as well as contractual provisions we put in place that forbid our suppliers from using forced labor or components that were produced using forced labor, we cannot determine with certainty whether our suppliers may violate our contracts or become subject to a WRO, which could subject us to legal, reputational, and other risks. If this were to occur, we might have to find alternative suppliers on short notice, resulting 
 19 

in construction delays and disruption and higher costs. Additionally, WROs have and could continue to impact the importation of solar panels. While we are not directly involved in the importation of solar panels, such WROs can negatively impact the global solar market and the timing and viability of solar projects to which we sell our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The UFLPA was passed by the U.S. Congress and signed into law by President Biden on December 23, 2021. The UFLPA establishes a rebuttable presumption that the importation of any goods, wares, articles, and merchandise mined, produced, or manufactured wholly or in part in Xinjiang, or that are produced by certain entities, is prohibited by Section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 and that such goods, wares, articles, and merchandise are not entitled to entry to the United States. CBP began implementing the presumption set out in the UFLPA on June 21, 2022, resulting in new rules for solar module importers and reviews by CBP. There continues to be uncertainty in the market around achieving full compliance with the UFLPA for the importation of solar modules, whether related to sufficient traceability of materials or other factors. While we do not import solar modules directly, solar modules are necessary in order for our customers projects to progress forward, and therefore any disruption in the global supply of solar modules may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Changes in the U.S. trade environment, including the imposition of import tariffs, could adversely affect the amount or timing of our revenue, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Trade policies and international disputes at times result in increased tariffs, trade barriers and other restrictive measures. In particular, China and the United States have imposed significant tariffs on imports of goods from each other's respective countries in recent years. These developments and any further tariff increases could potentially impact our suppliers hardware component prices and impact any plans to provide services in China and other international markets. These developments could have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets. 
 China is a major producer of solar cells and other solar products. Certain solar cells, modules, laminates and panels from China are subject to tariffs imposed by the United States. Tariffs on solar cells, modules and inverters from China may put upwards pressure on prices of energy products in other countries. 
 On April 1, 2022, the U.S. Department of Commerce, in response to a petition by Auxin, published a notice initiating the Solar Circumvention Investigation. On June 6, 2022, President Biden issued a proclamation allowing U.S. solar deployers the ability to import solar modules and cells from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam free from certain duties for 24 months, along with other incentives designed to accelerate U.S. domestic production of clean energy technologies. However, on December 29, 2023, Auxin and Concept Clean Energy, Inc. filed suit in the U.S. Court of International Trade challenging the legal basis for the moratorium and implementing regulations. If the suit proves successful, solar module importers could owe retroactive duties on goods that have already cleared customs. In addition, there is a near term future uncertainty related to the supply of solar modules from the foregoing countries as the moratorium described above is set to expire on June 6, 2024. 
 Furthermore, the United States continues to impose tariffs on goods imported from China under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 (the Section 301 Tariffs ). Although these tariffs were reduced in connection with the Phase One Agreement between the United States and China, which was signed in January 2020, the United States continues to impose tariffs ranging from 7.5 to 25 on more than 300 billion in Chinese imports. These tariffs apply to a range of products, including solar products such as modules, inverters, and non-lithium-ion batteries. Since these tariffs impact the purchase price of solar products, they raise the cost associated with purchasing these solar products from China and reduce the competitive pressure on providers of solar products not subject to these tariffs. 
 In 2018, the President of the United States announced the imposition of tariffs on certain imported solar cells and modules under Section 201 of the Trade Act of 1974 (the Section 201 Tariffs ). These tariffs apply on a global basis, to cells and modules from a variety of jurisdictions. The amount of these tariffs has declined over time, and is currently 14.25 ad valorem. On February 4, 2022, President Biden announced the extension of these tariffs through 2026, but exempted bifacial solar modules from the tariffs and doubled the annual amount of cells that can be imported before tariffs apply from 2.5 GW to 5 GW. 
 Finally, in March 2018, the United States imposed a 25 tariff on steel imports and a 10 tariff on aluminum imports pursuant to Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962. While these tariffs are no longer in place with respect to imports from many countries, any additional tariff actions affecting steel and aluminum could result in interruptions in the supply chain and impact costs and our gross margins. 
 As described further in Part I, Item 3, "Legal Proceedings" below, in March 2023, we received notices from CBP of assessments for tariffs under Sections 301 and 232 and for antidumping and countervailing duties with respect to merchandise we had imported from Thailand in 2022. We are currently disputing the applicability of these assessments and have filed a formal protest with regard to one assessment and plan to do the same with a revised 
 20 

assessment received from CBP. Since the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, the costs associated with these assessments could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. 
 Tariffs currently in place and the possibility of additional tariffs in the future have created uncertainty in the industry. If the price of solar systems in the United States increases further, the use of solar systems could become less economically feasible and could further reduce our gross margin or reduce demand for solar systems manufactured and sold, which in turn may decrease demand for our products. Additionally, existing or future tariffs may negatively affect our customers and manufacturing partners. For example, the proclamation issued by President Biden on June 6, 2022 allowing U.S. solar deployers the ability to import solar modules and cells from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam free from certain duties will expire on June 6, 2024. Such outcomes could adversely affect the amount or timing of our revenue, results of operations or cash flows, and continuing uncertainty could cause sales volatility, price fluctuations or supply shortages or cause our customers to advance or delay their purchase of our products. Governments may take further trade-related actions, which may include additional or increased tariffs and trade restrictions, and we may be unable to quickly and effectively react to such actions. While we have taken actions with the intention of mitigating the effect of tariffs on our business by reducing our reliance on China, we may not succeed or be able to continue to do so on attractive terms or at all. For example, in 2019, 90 of our supply chain was sourced from China. However, as of December 31, 2023, we have qualified suppliers outside of China for certain of our commodities and we continue to work to reduce the extent to which our supply chain for U.S.-based projects is subject to existing tariffs. We have entered into partnerships with manufacturers based in the United States, Hong Kong, India, Mexico, Canada, Spain, Brazil, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Thailand, Vietnam and Korea to diversify our supply chain and optimize costs. However, despite these partnerships, we may still be required to use suppliers in China and other jurisdictions that will subject us to existing tariffs. 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us, or our customers, could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in corporate tax rates, tax incentives for renewable energy projects, the realization of net deferred tax assets relating to our U.S. operations, the taxation of foreign earnings and the deductibility of expenses under future tax reform legislation could have a material impact on the value of our deferred tax assets, could result in significant one-time charges in the current or future taxable years, and could increase our future U.S. tax expense, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We could be adversely affected by any violations of the FCPA and other foreign anti-bribery laws, as well as of export controls and economic sanctions laws. 
 The FCPA generally prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Other countries in which we operate also have anti-bribery laws, some of which prohibit improper payments to government and non-government persons and entities. We have adopted policies that mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. However, we currently operate in and intend to further expand into, many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. In addition, due to the level of regulation in our industry, our entry into certain jurisdictions requires substantial government contact where norms can differ from U.S. standards. It is possible that our employees, subcontractors, agents and partners may take actions in violation of our policies and anti-bribery laws. Furthermore, we are subject to rules and regulations of the United States and other countries relating to export controls and economic sanctions, including, but not limited to, trade sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control within the U.S. Department of the Treasury, as well as the Export Administration Regulations administered by the Department of Commerce. These regulations may limit our ability to market, sell, distribute or otherwise transfer our products or technology to prohibited countries or persons. Any violation of such laws, even if prohibited by our policies, could subject us to criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and reputation. 
 Risks Relate d to Manufacturing and Supply Chain 
 We depend upon a limited number of outside contract manufacturers, and our operations could be disrupted if our relationships with these contract manufacturers are compromised. 
 We do not have internal manufacturing capabilities, and currently rely on contract manufacturers to build all of our products (including through our investment in Alpha Steel). Based on the U.S. dollar amount of purchase orders we issued during the year ended December 31, 2023, 42 , 23 , 19 and 12 of our spending involved contract manufacturers located in the United States, Hong Kong, China and India, respectively. 
 21 

Our reliance on a limited number of contract manufacturers in a limited number of countries makes us vulnerable to possible capacity constraints and reduced control over component availability, quality, delivery schedules, manufacturing yields and costs. At December 31, 2023, we did not have long-term supply contracts with any of our contract manufacturers, although we did enter into a three-year supply agreement with Alpha Steel in February 2023 that will require certain annual minimum purchase thresholds during the term of the supply agreement, beginning in January 2024. Our other contract manufacturers are not obligated to supply products to us for any period, in any specified quantity or at any certain price beyond the single delivery contemplated by the relevant purchase order. While we may enter into long-term master supply agreements with our contract manufacturers in the future if the volume of our business grows in a way that makes such additional arrangements economically feasible, we may not be successful in negotiating such agreements on favorable terms or at all. With respect to any such long-term master supply agreements, we could be subject to terms that may be harmful to our business, including in the event that we do not have the customer demand necessary to utilize the products that we are required to purchase or have made deposits for, or in the event that we are required to purchase products at a price in excess of the prevailing market rate. Any change in our relationships with our contract manufacturers or changes to contractual terms of our agreements with them could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The revenue that certain of our contract manufacturers generate from our orders represents a relatively small percentage of their overall revenue. As a result, fulfilling our orders may not be considered a priority in the event of constrained ability to fulfill all of their customer obligations in a timely manner. Our use of international facilities may increase supply risk, including the risk of supply interruptions or reductions in manufacturing quality or controls. 
 We may be negatively impacted by the deterioration in financial conditions of our limited number of contract manufacturers. If any of our contract manufacturers were unable or unwilling to manufacture the components that we require for our products in sufficient volumes, at high-quality levels, on a timely basis and pursuant to existing supply agreement or purchase order terms, due to financial conditions or otherwise, we would have to identify, qualify and select acceptable alternative contract manufacturers. An alternative contract manufacturer may not be available to us when needed or may not be in a position to satisfy our quality or production requirements on commercially reasonable terms, including price and timing. Any significant interruption or delays in manufacturing would require us to reduce or delay our supply of products to our customers or increase our shipping costs to make up for delays in manufacturing, if possible, which in turn could reduce our revenue, cause us to incur delay liquidated damages or other liabilities to our customers, harm our relationships with our customers, damage our reputation or cause us to forego potential revenue opportunities. While we may have contractual remedies against our contract manufacturers for the supply chain malfunctions noted above to support any liabilities to our customers, such remedies may not be sufficient in scope, we may not be able to effectively enforce such remedies and we may incur significant costs in enforcing such remedies. 
 We may experience delays, disruptions or quality control problems in our contract manufacturers manufacturing operations, which could result in reputational damage and other liabilities to our customers. 
 Our product development, manufacturing and testing processes are complex and require significant technological and production-related expertise. Such processes involve a number of precise steps from design to production. Any change in our processes could cause one or more production errors, requiring a temporary suspension or delay in a manufacturer's production line until the errors can be researched, identified, analyzed and properly addressed and rectified. This may occur particularly as we introduce new products, modify our engineering and production techniques and/or expand our capacity. In addition, delays, disruptions or our failure to maintain appropriate quality assurance processes could result in increased product failures, loss of customers, increased warranty claims, delay liquidated damages claims or other liabilities to our customers, increased production and logistics costs and delays. While we may have contractual remedies against our contract manufacturers for such quality assurance failures to support any liabilities to our customers, such remedies may not be sufficient in scope, we may not be able to effectively enforce such remedies and we may incur significant costs in enforcing such remedies. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend on a limited number of contract manufacturers for key components of our products to adequately meet anticipated demand. Due to the limited number of such contract manufacturers, any cessation of operations or production or any shortage, delay, price change, imposition of tariffs or duties or other limitation on our ability to obtain the components we use could result in sales delays, cancellations and loss of market share. 
 We depend on a limited number of contract manufacturers for certain key components used to manufacture our products, making us susceptible to quality issues, shortages and price changes. Some of our contract manufacturers have in the past stopped producing or limited their production of our components, faced supply constraints or increased prices on the raw materials for their component, ceased operations or been acquired by, or entered into exclusive arrangements with, one or more of our competitors, and such actions may occur again in the future. Additionally, these 
 22 

manufacturers could stop selling to us at commercially reasonable prices, or at all. Because there are a limited number of contract manufacturers of the key components used to manufacture our products, it may be difficult to quickly identify alternate manufacturers or to qualify alternative components on commercially reasonable terms, and our ability to satisfy customer demand may be adversely affected. Transitioning to or redesigning a product to accommodate a new contract manufacturer would result in additional costs and delays. These outcomes could harm our business or financial performance. 
 Any interruption in the supply of limited source components for our products would adversely affect our ability to meet scheduled product deliveries to our customers, could result in lost revenue or higher expenses and would harm our business. 
 The interruption of the flow of components from international contract manufacturers could disrupt our supply chain, including as a result of the imposition of additional laws, duties, tariffs and other charges on imports and exports. 
 We purchase some of our components outside of the United States through arrangements with various international contract manufacturers. Political, social or economic instability in these regions, or in other regions where our products are made, could cause disruptions in trade, including, without limitation, exports to the United States. As detailed previously, trade disputes between various countries, particularly China and the United States, have created uncertainty with respect to the ability to import certain technologies and products into the United States, as well as in respect of tariff impacts on the costs of some of our components. In addition, recent WROs related to polysilicon requires panel importers to demonstrate that polysilicon used in their panels has not been sourced using forced labor. To date, CBP has used the WROs to detain solar panels, which has disrupted the U.S. solar installation market and caused additional uncertainty on future projects. These WRO actions, as well as other governmental actions that have or may impact the importation of solar panels (including the UFLPA), have and could continue to negatively impact the global solar market and the timing and viability of solar projects to which we sell our products, which has negatively impacted our 2022 and 2023 revenue and cash flows and may continue to negatively impact our anticipated revenue and cash flows in 2024, and which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While our products do not contain polysilicon, the degree of our exposure is dependent on, among other things, the impact of these measures on the projects that are also intended to use our products, with such impact being largely out of our control. Other events that could also cause disruptions to our supply chain include, but are not limited to: 
 additional trade enforcement actions that lead to imposition of additional tariffs and other charges on imports and exports that could relate to imports from a number of different countries; 

the potential imposition of restrictions on our acquisition, importation or installation of equipment under future U.S. regulations implementing the Executive Order on Securing the United States Bulk-Power System; 

quotas imposed by bilateral trade agreements; 

foreign currency fluctuations; 

public health issues and epidemic diseases, their effects (including any disruptions they may cause) or the perception of their effects; 

extreme weather events that may affect manufacturing output or the transportation of materials and equipment to other countries or regions of the world; 

wars, military operations or other hostilities, including Russia's invasion of Ukraine and conflicts in the Middle East; and 

significant labor disputes, such as transportation worker strikes. 

Failure by our contract manufacturers to use ethical business practices and comply with applicable laws and regulations may adversely affect our business. 
 While our contract manufacturers are required to adhere to certain business practices to remain on our approved vendor list, which we monitor on a continuous basis, we do not control our contract manufacturers operations or their business practices. Additionally, our contract manufacturers may not follow ethical business practices, such as fair wage practices or comply with environmental, safety, labor, sanctions and anti-corruption laws and other local laws or other regulations of which we may not be aware. For example, as we continue to expand our business into foreign jurisdictions, the manufacture of our products may be subject to local content requirements, which require our products to incorporate materials from certain local providers. A lack of demonstrated compliance could damage our reputation and lead us to seek alternative manufacturers, which could increase our costs and result in delayed delivery of our 
 23 

products, product shortages or other disruptions of our operations. Violation of labor or other laws by our contract manufacturers or the divergence of a contract manufacturer s labor or other practices from those generally accepted as ethical in the United States or other markets in which we do business could also attract negative publicity for us and harm our business. 
 We may not have sufficient insurance coverage to cover business continuity. 
 We rely on a limited number of contract manufacturers and, as a result, a sustained or repeated interruption in the manufacturing of our products by such outsourced manufacturers due to fire, flood, war, pandemic or natural disasters, and/or an interruption in the provision of the required components for our business by these manufacturers may interfere with our ability to sell our products to our customers in a timely manner. The nature of our business and our size makes it difficult to insure some or all of the possible harms that could result if we fail to sell and deliver our products in a timely manner, which may adversely affect our financial results. 
 We and our contract manufacturers are dependent on domestic and international transportation and logistics markets to deliver our products. If we or our contract manufacturers experience disruptions, unavailability or escalated pricing in the transportation and logistics markets, which include trucking, vessels, ports and related infrastructure and logistics, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 We and our contract manufacturers rely on domestic and international transportation and logistics markets to deliver our products to customers. Our ability and the ability of our contract manufacturers to deliver our products could be adversely impacted by shortages in available cargo capacity, changes by carriers and transportation companies in policies and practices, such as scheduling, pricing, payment terms and frequency of service or increases in the cost of fuel, taxes and labor, and other factors, such as extreme weather events or labor strikes and work stoppages, not within their control. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in diminished cargo capacity and port detainment of vessels which caused delays in delivery of our products to project sites during 2020 and into 2022. In addition, we have seen delays, disruptions and price increases in international transportation and logistics markets due to closures or capacity restrictions applicable to both the Panama Canal and Suez Canal (including the diversion of shipping vessels from the Red Sea as a result of attacks on shipping vessels there). Material interruptions in service or stoppages in transportation and logistics markets, whether caused by strike, work stoppage, lock-out, slowdown or otherwise, and escalated pricing in transportation and logistics markets could materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Risks Relat ed to Intellectual Property 
 If we fail, in whole or in part, to obtain, maintain, protect, defend or enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, our business and results of operations could be materially harmed. 
 Our success partly depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets to establish and protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, as well as unfair competition laws, confidentiality and license agreements and other contractual arrangements. As of December 31, 2023, we had patents in the following locations: 

Locations 
 
 Patents Granted 

Patents Allowed and Pending for Examination 

United States 

50 

2 

Australia 

4 

1 

All other 

7 

1 

Total 

61 

4 

Our issued U.S. patents are expected to expire between 2024 and 2043. 
 Our trademarks and trade names include, but are not limited to, Voyager Tracker, Pioneer Tracker, SunDAT, SunPath, SunOPS, Atlas and FTC Solar, which are protected under applicable intellectual property laws. Our pending patent and trademark applications or other applications for intellectual property registrations may not be approved, issued or granted, and our existing and future intellectual property rights may not be valid, enforceable or sufficiently broad to prevent competitors from using technology similar to or the same as our proprietary technology, to prevent our contract manufacturers from providing similar technology to our competitors or to sufficiently allow us to develop and maintain recognized brands. Additionally, our intellectual property rights may afford only limited protection of our intellectual property and may not (i) prevent our competitors or contract manufacturers from duplicating our processes or technology, (ii) prevent our competitors from gaining access to our proprietary information and 
 24 

technology or (iii) permit us to gain or maintain a competitive advantage. Any impairment or other failure to obtain sufficient intellectual property protection could impede our ability to market our products and services, negatively affect our competitive position and harm our business and operating results, including forcing us to, among other things, rebrand or re-design our affected products and services. In countries where we have not applied for patent protection or trademark or other intellectual property registration or where effective patent, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property laws and judicial systems may not be available to the same extent as in the United States, we may be at greater risk that our proprietary rights will be circumvented, misappropriated, infringed or otherwise violated. 
 To protect our unregistered intellectual property, including our trade secrets and know-how, we rely in part on trade secret laws and confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and independent contractors. We also require third parties, such as our customers and contract manufacturers, which may have access to our proprietary technologies and information to enter into non-disclosure agreements or other contracts containing obligations to maintain the confidentiality of our intellectual property. Such measures, however, provide only limited protection, and our confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements and other agreements containing confidentiality provisions may not prevent unauthorized disclosure or use of our confidential information, especially after our employees or third parties end their employment or engagement with us, and may not provide us with an adequate remedy in the event of such disclosure. Furthermore, competitors or other third parties may independently discover our trade secrets, copy or reverse engineer our products or services or portions thereof, or develop similar technology. If we fail to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, or if such intellectual property and proprietary rights are infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially harmed. 
 We may need to defend ourselves against third-party claims that we are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating third-party intellectual property rights, which could divert management s attention, cause us to incur significant costs and prevent us from selling or using the products, services or technologies to which such rights relate. 
 Our competitors and other third parties hold numerous patents related to technologies used in our industry, and may hold or obtain patents, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights that could prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use, develop, sell or market our products and services, which could make it more difficult for us to operate our business. From time to time, we may be subject to claims of infringement, misappropriation or other violation of patents or other intellectual property rights or licensing fee and royalty claims and related litigation, and, if we gain greater recognition in the market, we face a higher risk of being the subject of these types of claims. For example, in early 2021 we learned that a claim had been filed against us seeking damages for alleged breach of contract and other claims related to a patent license agreement and consulting relationship, and the same plaintiff subsequently filed a separate lawsuit against us alleging a claim for patent infringement in respect of the same underlying technology. We reached a settlement agreement with the plaintiff in December 2022 in which we agreed to (i) pay an aggregate of 1.5 million in certain installments, and (ii) issue the plaintiff 797,396 shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, in January 2023 valued at 2.0 million. We also agreed to an arrangement whereby we were granted a worldwide license under certain of the plaintiff's patents for an initial term of three years, subject to annual renewals at our option. 
 Regardless of the merit of any claims that may be made against us, responding to such claims can be time consuming, can divert management s attention and resources, and may cause us to incur significant expenses in litigation or settlement. While we believe that our products and services do not infringe in any material respect upon any valid intellectual property rights of third parties, we may not be successful in defending against any such claims. If we do not successfully defend or settle an intellectual property claim, we could be liable for significant monetary damages and could be prohibited from continuing to use certain technology, business methods, content or brands, could be prohibited from continuing to sell certain products or services, or could be required to license such intellectual property from the applicable third party, which could require us to pay significant royalties, increasing our operating expenses. Even if we do reach a settlement agreement to resolve an intellectual property claim, such settlement agreement could also result in our making a significant monetary payment or paying significant royalties. If a license is not available at all or not available on reasonable terms, we may be required to develop or license a non-infringing alternative, either of which could require significant effort and expense. If we cannot license or develop a non-infringing alternative, we would be forced to limit or stop sales of our offerings and may be unable to effectively compete. Any of these results would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We use open-source software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more open-source licenses could negatively affect our business. 
 Our products and services use certain software licensed by its authors or other third parties under so-called open-source licenses. Some of these open-source licenses may contain requirements that we make available source 
 25 

code for modifications or derivative works that we create based upon the open-source software, and that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of a particular open-source license or other license granting third parties rights with respect to such software. In certain circumstances, if we combine our proprietary software with certain open-source software, we could be required to release the source code for such proprietary software. Additionally, to the extent that we do not comply with the terms of the open-source licenses to which we are subject, or such terms are interpreted by a court in a manner different than our own interpretation of such terms, then we may be required to disclose certain of our proprietary software or take other actions that could negatively impact our business. Further, the use of open-source software can lead to vulnerabilities that may make our software susceptible to attack, and open-source licenses generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of the software. While we attempt to utilize open-source software in a manner that helps alleviate these risks, our attempts may not be successful. 
 Risks Relat ed to Information Technology and Data Privacy 
 A significant cybersecurity incident or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could disrupt our business operations and cause financial and reputational damage. 
 We rely extensively on various information technology systems, including data centers, hardware, software and applications to manage many aspects of our business, including to operate and provide our products and services, to process and record transactions, to enable effective communication systems, to pay our employees, to track inventory flow, to manage logistics and to generate performance and financial reports. Some of our most critical systems are provided and hosted by third-party software vendors in arrangements commonly known as software as a service. We are dependent on the integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems and related back-up systems. Our computer and information technology systems and the third-party systems upon which we rely are also subject to unauthorized access, damage, interruption or shutdown from a number of causes, including computer viruses, ransomware, malware, phishing or distributed denial-of-service attacks, security breaches or cyber-attacks, which could lead to delays in our business operations or subject us to liability and, if significant or extreme, negatively affect our results of operations. In addition, any interruption in the operation of our website or information technology systems could cause us to suffer reputational harm, lose sales, and expose us to litigation or government action, including penalties, fines or judgments. 
 Unauthorized disclosure of personal or sensitive data or confidential information, whether through a breach of our computer or information technology systems or otherwise, could severely hurt our business. 
 Some aspects of our business involve the collection, receipt, use, storage, processing and transmission of personal information, including that of our customers and end-users of our customers solar energy systems, website visitors, employees, contract manufacturers and other third parties. We may collect personal information, including names, addresses, e-mail addresses, credit information, and energy production statistics and consumer preferences, some of which is entrusted to third-party service providers. We increasingly rely on commercially available systems, software, tools (including encryption technology) and monitoring technologies to provide security and oversight for processing, transmission, storage and protection of confidential information and personal data. Despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems, and those of third parties with which we do business, may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism and theft (including misappropriation of our financial resources), computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other similar events, and an inadvertent or unauthorized use or disclosure could occur or third parties could gain unauthorized access to this type of confidential information and personal data. 
 Electronic security attacks designed to gain access to personal, sensitive or confidential data by breaching mission critical systems of large organizations are constantly evolving, and high-profile electronic security breaches leading to unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data have occurred recently at a number of major U.S. companies. 
 Despite our precautions, an electronic security breach in our systems (or in the systems of third parties with which we do business) that results in the unauthorized release of personally identifiable information regarding customers, employees or other individuals or other sensitive data could nonetheless lead to a serious disruption of our operations, financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability, including possible punitive damages which may not be covered by or may be in excess of the coverage in our existing insurance policies. As a result of such a breach, we could also be subject to demands, claims and litigation by private parties, and investigations, related actions and penalties by regulatory authorities. Moreover, we could incur significant costs in notifying affected persons and entities and otherwise complying with the multitude of foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the unauthorized access to, or use or disclosure of, personal information. In addition, any perceived or actual unauthorized access to, or use or disclosure of, such information could harm our reputation, 
 26 

substantially impair our ability to attract and retain customers and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Finally, as the regulatory environment relating to our obligations to protect such sensitive data becomes increasingly rigorous, with continually developing and growing requirements applicable to our business, compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs. A material failure on our part to comply with such requirements could subject us to regulatory sanctions, including fines and potentially lawsuits. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to comply with current or future federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations and industry standards relating to privacy, data protection and consumer protection, or the expansion of current or the enactment of new laws or regulations relating to privacy, data protection and consumer protection, as well as our actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 There are numerous federal, state, local and foreign laws regarding privacy and the collection, processing, storing, sharing, disclosing, using and protecting of personal information and other data. As an example, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission adopted final rules in July 2023 requiring timely disclosure of material cybersecurity incidents and periodic disclosure of our cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance processes and policies, which may be found in Part I, Item 1C. "Cybersecurity" below. 
 We are also subject to specific contractual requirements contained in agreements with third parties governing our use and protection of personal information and other data. We generally comply with industry standards and are subject to the terms of our privacy policy and the privacy- and security-related obligations agreed to with third parties. We strive to comply with applicable laws, policies, legal obligations and industry standards relating to privacy and data protection, to the extent possible. However, it is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in new ways or in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. Additionally, new laws or regulations could be enacted with which we are not familiar or with which our practices do not comply. 
 We expect that new industry standards, laws and regulations will continue to be proposed regarding privacy, data protection and information security in many jurisdictions, including the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which came into effect on January 1, 2020, and the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which amends the CCPA and has many provisions that took effect on January 1, 2023. Certain other states also have passed privacy laws that went into effect during 2023. Additionally, the Federal Trade Commission and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of data. The impact of the CCPA, CPRA or other future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business is uncertain. Complying with these evolving obligations is costly. For instance, expanding definitions and interpretations of what constitutes personal data (or the equivalent) in the United States or other countries may increase our compliance costs and legal liability. 
 Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with any federal, state, local or foreign privacy or consumer protection-related laws, regulations or other principles or orders to which we may be subject or other legal obligations relating to privacy or consumer protection could adversely affect our reputation, brand and business, and may result in claims, investigations, proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others or other penalties or liabilities or require us to change our operations and/or cease using certain data sets. 
 Risks Relat ed to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 An active, liquid trading market for our common stock may not be sustained. 
 An active public market for our common stock may not be sustained. If an active and liquid trading market is not sustained, you may have difficulty selling or may not be able to sell any of the shares of our common stock that you purchase. 
 We are not currently in compliance with the continued listing requirements for The Nasdaq Global Market. If we do not regain compliance and continue to meet the continued listing requirements, our common stock may be delisted from the Nasdaq Global Market, which could affect the market price and liquidity for our common stock and reduce our ability to raise additional capital. 
 On December 22, 2023, we received notification from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq that we were not in compliance with the requirement to maintain a minimum closing bid price of 1.00 per share, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1), because the closing bid price of the Company s common stock was below 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days. The notification does not impact the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market at this time. 
 27 

In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we have a period of 180 calendar days from the date of notification, or until June 19, 2024, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. During this period, our common stock will continue to trade on the Nasdaq Global Market. If at any time before June 19, 2024 the bid price of our common stock closes at or above 1.00 per share for a minimum of ten consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide written notification that we have achieved compliance with this minimum bid price requirement. 
 We are considering all available options to regain compliance with the listing rule. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance with the rule or will otherwise be in compliance with other Nasdaq listing criteria. In the event we do not regain compliance by June 19, 2024, we may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day compliance period to demonstrate compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. To qualify for the additional 180-day period, we may be required to meet the continued listing requirements for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards (with the exception of the bid price requirement) and transfer our listing to the Nasdaq Capital Market. In addition, we will need to provide written notice to Nasdaq of our intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. If we do not qualify for the second compliance period or fail to regain compliance during the second 180-day period, then Nasdaq will notify us that our common stock is subject to delisting. 
 Our stock price has been volatile and may continue to be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, and you may not be able to resell your shares of common stock at or above the price you paid. 
 Our stock price has fluctuated in the past and may continue to be volatile in the future. From January 03, 2023 to December 28, 2023, the trading price of our common stock fluctuated between a high of 3.870 and a low of 0.282 per share, closing at 0.693 per share on December 28, 2023. The market price of our common stock could continue to be subject to significant fluctuations. The price of our common stock may change in response to fluctuations in our results of operations in future periods and also may change in response to other factors, including factors specific to companies in our industry. As a result, our share price may experience significant volatility and may not necessarily reflect the value of our expected performance. Among other factors that could affect our stock price are: 
 changes in laws or regulations applicable to our industry or offerings; 

speculation about our business in the press or investment community; 

price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market; 

volatility in the market price and trading volume of companies in our industry or companies that investors consider comparable; 

share price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading levels of our common stock; 

our ability to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights and to avoid infringement, misappropriation or violation of the intellectual property and other proprietary rights of third parties or claims by third parties of such infringement, misappropriation or violation; 

sales of our common stock by us or our principal stockholders, officers and directors; 

the sustainability of an active trading market for our common stock; 

success of competitive products or services; 

the public s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or others, including our filings with the SEC, announcements relating to litigation or significant changes in our key personnel; 

the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting; 

changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of debt or equity securities, including future issuances under the ATM program; 

our entry into new markets; 

tax developments in the U.S. or other markets; 

strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; and 

changes in accounting principles. 

Further, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. In addition, the stock prices of many renewable energy companies have experienced wide fluctuations that have often been unrelated to the operating 
 28 

performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions such as inflation, recessions, interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. As a result, you may not be able to resell any of your shares of our common stock at or above the price paid. In addition, a decline in our stock price may prevent us from raising capital at favorable terms or at all. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings and do not expect to declare or pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, after taking into account our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. As a result, capital appreciation in the price of our common stock, if any, may be your only source of gain on an investment in our common stock. 
 The price of our common stock could decline if securities analysts do not publish research or if securities analysts or other third parties publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about us. 
 Our stock price and trading volume are heavily influenced by the way analysts and investors interpret our financial information and other disclosures. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, delay publishing reports about our business, or publish negative reports about our business, regardless of accuracy, our common stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. Currently, several analysts cover our company. If the number of analysts that cover us declines, demand for our common stock could decrease and our common stock price and trading volume may decline. 
 Even if our common stock is actively covered by analysts, we do not have any control over the analysts or the measures that analysts or investors may rely upon to forecast our future results. Over-reliance by analysts or investors on any particular metric to forecast our future results may result in forecasts that differ significantly from our own. 
 Our directors, executive officers and principal stockholders will continue to have significant influence over our company, which could limit your ability to influence the outcome of key transactions, including a change of control. 
 Our directors, executive officers and each of our 5 stockholders and their affiliates, in the aggregate, beneficially own approximately 34 of the outstanding shares of our common stock, based on the number of shares outstanding as of December 31, 2023. As a result, these stockholders, if acting together, will be able to significantly influence matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors and the approval of mergers, acquisitions or other extraordinary transactions. They may also have interests that differ from yours and may vote in a way with which you disagree, and which may be adverse to your interests. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change of control of our company, could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company and might ultimately affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our governing documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and depress the market price of our common stock. 
 Our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors. Among others, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include the following provisions: 
 a staggered board, which means that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors with staggered three-year terms; 

limitations on convening special stockholder meetings, which could make it difficult for our stockholders to adopt desired governance changes; 

advance notice procedures, which apply for stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of stockholders; 

a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which means that our stockholders will only be able to take action at a meeting of stockholders; 

a forum selection clause, which means certain litigation against us can only be brought in Delaware; 

29 

no authorization of cumulative voting, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 

directors will only be able to be removed for cause; 

certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation will require the approval of two-thirds of the then outstanding voting power of our capital stock; 

the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the then outstanding voting power of our capital stock, voting as a single class, is required for stockholders to amend or adopt any provision of our bylaws; and 

the authorization of undesignated or blank check preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and shares of which may be issued without further action by our stockholders. 

In addition, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law ("DGCL"), which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in a broad range of business combinations with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. 
 Any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 
 Our governing documents also provide that the Delaware Court of Chancery will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders and federal district courts will be the sole and exclusive forum for Securities Act claims, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the Delaware Court of Chancery is the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or to our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, (iv) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, (v) any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine or (vi) any action asserting an internal corporate claim as defined in Section 115 of the DGCL; provided, however, that the exclusive forum provisions will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or to any claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Our certificate of incorporation further provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts are the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a right under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), subject to a final adjudication in the State of Delaware of the enforceability of such exclusive forum provision. We note that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. The choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are an emerging growth company and have taken advantage of the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies which may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. As an emerging growth company, we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and we are exempt from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Additionally, as an emerging growth company, we have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As such, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. Investors may find our shares of common stock less attractive because we rely on these provisions. If some investors find our shares of common stock less attractive as a result of the foregoing, there may be a less active trading market for our shares and our share price may be more volatile. 
 30 

The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and distract our management, which could make it difficult to manage our business, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. These requirements may place a strain on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting. Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that management assess and report annually on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and identify any material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. Our assessment and report by management for the year ended December 31, 2023, may be found in Part II, Item 9A. "Controls and Procedures" of this Annual Report. To maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, we have committed significant resources, hired additional staff and provided additional management oversight. We have implemented additional procedures and processes for the purpose of addressing the standards and requirements applicable to public companies. Sustaining our growth also will require us to commit additional management, operational and financial resources to identify new professionals to join our firm and to maintain appropriate operational and financial systems to adequately support expansion. These activities may divert management s attention from other business concerns and will result in increased costs to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or business. 
 As an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we have taken advantage of certain temporary exemptions from various reporting requirements including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. We have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies, as permitted by the JOBS Act. 
 We had previously identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting which were remediated as of December 31, 2022. If we experience additional material weaknesses or otherwise fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in the future, our ability to timely and accurately report our financial condition and results of operations or comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the market price of our common stock. 
 As a public company, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 If we were to fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting or identify additional material weaknesses in the future, failure to remediate those material weaknesses could prohibit us from producing timely and accurate financial statements, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock and we could become subject to litigation or investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 
 Risks Re lated to Health Epidemics 
 We face risks related to actual or threatened health epidemics, such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic, and other outbreaks, which could significantly disrupt our operations. 
 Our business, including our employees, have been and could in the future be adversely impacted by the effects of a widespread outbreak of contagious disease or other health epidemics. As an example, the COVID-19 outbreak was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization from March 2020 until May 2023. During a portion of this time period, we experienced significant supply chain disruptions that caused delays in product deliveries due to diminished vessel capacity, diminished supplier capacity (including local shutdowns and capacity restrictions), port detainment of vessels, port congestion, labor shortages and other stresses on cargo infrastructure (including ports, warehouses, trucking and rail transportation), which contributed to increased shipping costs and increased lead times for delivery of our tracker systems. Transportation costs, including ocean freight and U.S. domestic haul rates, increased at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic but have since returned to pre-pandemic rates. Domestic fuel prices, however, continue to be elevated compared to pre-pandemic rates. Additionally, COVID-19 shutdowns in China during 2022 created a backlog of exports and increased demand for container shipments from China, but such shutdowns have since been eased by the Chinese government. These cost increases and decreases impact our operating 
 31 

margins. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted ground operations at project sites due to health-related restrictions and worker absenteeism, which resulted in delays in project completions in 2020 and 2021. 
 Any future widespread outbreak of contagious diseases, or other adverse public health developments, could cause disruption to, among other things, our contract manufacturers located in the United States and elsewhere around the world, which could cause delays in our supply chain and product shipments and delays in project completion, as well as reductions in customer support trainings and monitoring of our contract manufacturers, which could adversely affect our business, operations and customer relationships. 
 Many of our contracts with customers include liquidated damages that are payable for shipment delays, and we have in the past incurred and may in the future incur liabilities under such provisions if we face challenges from future health epidemics. 
 
 Ite m 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity . 
 Risk management and strategy 
 We recognize the importance of developing, implementing and maintaining robust cybersecurity measures to safeguard our information technology ("IT") systems and protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. 
 We have integrated cybersecurity risk management into our overall risk management and internal control framework and have established policies and controls that we believe are appropriate in light of the risks of damage to our reputation and financial condition from unauthorized access to our key digital assets and systems. 
 Many of our key IT systems are provided by third parties with extensive experience and knowledge in addressing cybersecurity risks involving those systems and have their own robust system of controls regarding their software products, which we monitor on a recurring basis through review of independent reports on their systems of internal controls provided to us. Such IT systems include our primary accounting, financial reporting, payroll and employee benefits, document storage, email and video communication and employee expense reporting systems. Our internal intranet and IT asset control systems are also managed on our behalf by a third-party service provider, with whom we participate in regular weekly meetings to discuss cybersecurity-related items such as (i) operating and application system patching, (ii) phishing attempts, (iii) malware, (iv) non-compliant devices, (v) third-party secure scorecard results, and (vi) alerts provided through our Security Operations Center. 
 We obtain security incident reports from our third-party software and service providers regarding unauthorized attempts to access our systems, when and if they occur, and we work closely with our third-party providers to explore the details of any unauthorized attempts to infiltrate those systems and to assess whether any critical information within those systems was compromised or not. We also evaluate to the extent possible our system of controls in comparison to information obtained from our third-party providers, as well as our independent accountants and other technology consultants, of practices followed by other companies in safeguarding their systems in order to ensure our cybersecurity strategies and processes remain at the forefront of industry best practices. 
 Many of our employees work remotely or in various locations around the world and are provided with company-owned IT equipment. Software and firmware updates to such equipment are managed and controlled by the Company. 
 In order to further protect ourselves financially, we maintain insurance coverage of up to 5 million with respect to losses from business interruption, data recovery, cyber-extortion and ransomware, data breach response and crisis management as a result of a cybersecurity incident. 
 As of the date of the filing of this Annual Report, we have not encountered any cybersecurity incidents that have materially impaired our business strategy, operations or financial standing. 
 Governance 
 Board of Directors Oversight 
 Our Board of Directors is aware of the critical nature of managing risks associated with cybersecurity threats and has established oversight mechanisms to ensure effective governance in managing these risks. The Audit 
 32 

Committee is central to the Board's oversight and has been directed to assume primary responsibility for such oversight by the Board. The Audit Committee is comprised of board members with diverse experience including risk management, technology and finance, which, in the judgment of the Board, equips them with the ability to oversee cybersecurity risks effectively. The Audit Committee actively participates in strategic decisions related to cybersecurity, offering guidance to our management and approval of major initiatives. 
 Management's Role Managing Risk 
 We have established a Cybersecurity Governance Committee, which meets monthly or more frequently, if needed, to monitor: 
 our current cybersecurity controls and our ability to address emerging threats; 

the status of our ongoing cybersecurity initiatives and strategy; 

incident reports from any cybersecurity events; and 

compliance with regulatory requirements and industry standards. 

Our Cybersecurity Governance Committee includes our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel, Senior Director of IT, Director of IT, Senior Director of Software, Corporate Controller, Director of SEC Reporting and Technical Accounting, and Director of Internal Audit. We believe the members of our Cybersecurity Governance Committee have relevant knowledge and experience in either IT systems, auditing of controls over IT systems, or management and assessment of risk processes and internal control systems to ensure proper management oversight. 
 Our IT management is responsible for notifying the Cybersecurity Governance Committee of cyber incidents they become aware of from software alerts, third-party vendors, employees or by other means. The Cybersecurity Governance Committee will review such incidents, including activities by IT management to evaluate the severity of the incidents, and will provide details of any cybersecurity events, including those not deemed to have a material impact, to our Internal Controls and Disclosure Committee for reporting to our Audit Committee. In addition, our Chief Financial Officer, Senior Director of IT and Director of Internal Audit maintain an ongoing dialogue with the Audit Committee during the year regarding emerging or potential cybersecurity risks. 
 The Cybersecurity Governance Committee has the responsibility for determining if a cybersecurity incident is considered to have a material impact on the Company requiring public reporting in accordance with the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Under the guidance of the Cybersecurity Governance Company, we have adopted (i) a Security Incident Response Plan, (ii) a Cybersecurity Materiality Assessment Policy, and (iii) a Cybersecurity Register of Events. 
 Our IT management, in conjunction with our Director of Internal Audit, has responsibility for monitoring and testing the effectiveness of our cybersecurity controls and procedures on a recurring basis. 
 It em 2. Properties. 
 Our corporate headquarters located in Austin, Texas, consists of approximately 9,278 square feet of office space, the lease for which expires on October 31, 2025. We also have a lease expiring in May 2026 for an applications laboratory located in Austin, Texas, consisting of 4,700 square feet. 
 We entered into a new three-year lease in January 2023 for 7,522 square feet of additional office space in Chennai, India. 
 We also entered into a five-year lease effective February 2023, for a research facility in Sequin, Texas consisting of 261,360 square feet of space. This new facility replaced the access we had prior to mid-2023 to a development sandbox of 174,240 square feet in Aurora, Colorado through our membership in SolarTAC. 
 Our lease covering approximately 43,560 square feet of space for our SolarTAC Chennai, India facility expires in May 2024. 
 In addition, we also lease approximately 5,300 square feet of warehouse space and 1,100 square feet of sales and support office space in Brendale, Australia, and 2,500 and 2,860 square feet of sales and support office space in Hyderabad and Bangalore, India, respectively. 
 We outsource all manufacturing to contract manufacturing partners and currently do not own or lease any manufacturing facilities. 
 33 

We believe that our existing properties are in good condition and are sufficient and suitable for the conduct of our business for the foreseeable future. To the extent our needs change as our business grows, we expect that additional space and facilities will be available. 
 Additional information regarding our leases may be found in Note 9, "Leases" included in our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Ite m 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 We may become involved in various claims, lawsuits, investigations, and other proceedings, arising in the normal course of business. 
 In March of 2023, CBP issued notices of tariff assessment that indicated an action taken at the Import Specialist (i.e., the port) level with respect to merchandise imported from Thailand under entry number 004-1058562-5 (the 625 Assessment and entry number 004-1063793-9 (the Original 939 Assessment , and collectively with the 625 Assessment, the Original CBP Assessments ). The Original CBP Assessments related to certain torque beams that are used in our Voyager+ product that were imported in 2022. In the Original CBP Assessments, CPB asserted that Section 301 China tariffs, Section 232 steel aluminum tariffs, and antidumping and countervailing duties applied to the merchandise. Based on correspondence received to date from CBP and our calculations based on applicable duty and tariff rates, the 625 Assessment is currently for approximately 2.84 million. In September of 2023, CBP informed us (the "Revised 939 Assessment", and together with the 625 Assessment, the "Revised CBP Assessments") that the amount owed under the Original 939 Assessment was being revised downward to approximately 2.01 million. In particular, CBP accepted our position that the Section 301 tariffs of 25 or 7.5 of the value of the merchandise, depending on tariff classification, as well as the antidumping and countervailing duties, previously assessed under the Original 939 Assessment are not applicable as they are only applicable to articles that originate in China and that, in this case, the finished goods are products of Thailand. 
 Upon review of the facts involved, and in consultation with outside legal counsel, we believe that the remaining amounts claimed in the Revised CBP Assessments are incorrect. In particular, the Section 301 tariffs of 25 or 7.5 of the value of the merchandise, depending on tariff classification, as well as the antidumping and countervailing duties, are not applicable under the 625 Assessment for the same reason stated above with respect to the Revised 939 Assessment, which has been accepted by CBP. Moreover, with respect to both Revised CBP Assessments, we believe that the goods in question were properly classified as parts of structures at the time of importation and that when properly classified, the beams and other materials are not subject to Section 232 duties applicable to more basic steel products. 
 CBP has legally finalized both Revised CBP Assessments. We filed a formal protest for the 625 Assessment in September of 2023 and plan to do the same for the Revised 939 Assessment. Based on the above, and under the relevant accounting guidance related to loss contingencies, we have made no accrual for the amounts claimed by CBP as of December 31, 2023, as we do not consider these amounts to be a probable obligation, as such term is defined and interpreted under the relevant accounting guidance, for us at this time. However, because matters of this nature are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings or developments, including future assessments of additional duties or tariffs owed in respect of other shipments or other materials beyond what is presently included in the Revised CBP Assessments, could occur despite our belief that the tariffs and duties asserted are incorrect, there can be no certainty that the Company may not ultimately incur charges that are not currently recorded as liabilities. Since the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, the costs associated with them could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. 
 Ite m 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 N/A. 
 
 34 

PART II 
 Ite m 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market information 
 Our common stock, 0.0001 par value, is currently trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol FTCI . 
 On December 22, 2023, we received notification from Nasdaq that we were not in compliance with the requirement to maintain a minimum closing bid price of 1.00 per share, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1), because the closing bid price of the Company s common stock was below 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days. The notification does not impact the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market at this time. 
 In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we have a period of 180 calendar days from the date of notification, or until June 19, 2024, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. During this period, our common stock will continue to trade on the Nasdaq Global Market. If at any time before June 19, 2024 the bid price of our common stock closes at or above 1.00 per share for a minimum of ten consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide written notification that we have achieved compliance with this minimum bid price requirement. 
 We are considering all available options to regain compliance with the listing rule. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance with the rule or will otherwise be in compliance with other Nasdaq listing criteria. In the event we do not regain compliance by June 19, 2024, we may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day compliance period to demonstrate compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. To qualify for the additional 180-day period, we may be required to meet the continued listing requirements for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards (with the exception of the bid price requirement) and transfer our listing to the Nasdaq Capital Market. In addition, we will need to provide written notice to Nasdaq of our intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. If we do not qualify for the second compliance period or fail to regain compliance during the second 180-day period, then Nasdaq will notify us that our common stock is subject to delisting. 
 Holders 
 At February 16, 2024, there were 28 holders of record of our common stock. 
 Dividends 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date. The payment of any cash dividends in the future is within the discretion of our board of directors and is subject to certain limitations under our Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility Credit Agreement entered into on April 30, 2021, with various lenders, including Barclays Bank PLC, as amended. 
 Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans 
 Shares of our common stock were issuable under our 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (the "2017 Plan") and our 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the "2021 Plan"), both of which were adopted by our board of directors and stockholders, as of December 31, 2023 as follows: 

Plan category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

Stock options 

2,415,526 

1.82 

N/A 

Restricted stock units and awards 

11,891,136 

N/A 

Total 

14,306,662 

1.82 

2,305,179 

35 

On July 1, 2022, we filed a registration statement on Form S-8 to register 5,000,000 shares of common stock for issuance upon the settlement of RSUs and the exercise of stock options previously granted under the 2017 Plan that remain outstanding. No new awards have been or will be granted under the 2017 Plan following the effectiveness of our 2021 Plan on April 27, 2021. 
 The number of shares initially reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan was 12,645,239, which will automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year prior to the tenth anniversary of the Plan's effective date in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 4 of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on the day prior (December 31st), and (ii) a number of shares of common stock determined by the compensation committee of the Company's board of directors. Through December 31, 2023, an additional 7,906,088 shares became available for issuance pursuant to the automatic increase provisions of the 2021 Plan, resulting in a total number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2021 Plan of 20,551,327. 
 Our board of directors also adopted the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("2021 ESPP Plan") concurrent with our 2021 Plan in order to provide our employees and our designated subsidiaries with an opportunity to purchase our common stock through accumulated payroll deductions at 85 of the stock's fair market value. As of December 31, 2023, this plan had not yet been implemented internally within the Company and no purchases of common stock have been made pursuant to the 2021 ESPP Plan. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 In the three years preceding the date of this Annual Report, we have sold the following securities without registration under the Securities Act: 
 Common Stock Issuances 
 On June 14, 2022, we issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to certain former stockholders of HX Tracker as partial consideration for our acquisition of this business. These shares were issued in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, in reliance on the exemptions set forth in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 under Regulation D. 
 The shares must be held indefinitely and may not be resold, transferred or otherwise disposed of without either (i) registration under the Securities Act and registration or qualification under applicable U.S. state securities laws or (ii) an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and compliance with U.S. state securities laws and the applicable laws of any other jurisdiction, and such appropriate legends were affixed to the shares. 
 Plan-Related Issuances 
 In the three years preceding the date of this Annual Report, we granted to our directors, officers and employees 4,620,813 RSUs (on a post-split basis) having estimated grant date values ranging from 3.26 to 13.50 per share (on a post-split basis). 
 None of the foregoing transactions involved any underwriters, underwriting discounts or commissions, or any public offering. We believe the offers, sales and issuances of the above securities were exempt from registration under the Securities Act (or Regulation D or Regulation S promulgated thereunder) by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act because the issuance of securities to the recipients did not involve a public offering, or in reliance on Rule 701 because the transactions were pursuant to a written compensatory plan or contract relating to compensation as provided under such rule. The recipients of the securities in each of these transactions represented their intentions to acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof, and appropriate legends were placed upon the stock certificates issued in these transactions. All recipients had adequate access, through their relationships with us, to information about us. The sales of these securities were made without any general solicitation or advertising. 
 Use of proceeds from IPO 
 Not applicable. 
 Purchases of equity securities by the issuer and affiliated purchasers 
 No purchases of equity securities were made during the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Stockholder performance graph and cumulative total return 
 The graph below shows a comparison of cumulative total stockholder return for our common stock in relation to the Russell 2000 Index and the Nasdaq Clean Edge Green Energy Index. This graph covers the period from April 
 36 

28, 2021, immediately following the effective date of our IPO, through December 31, 2023. The graph assumes the investment of 100 in our stock and on each index on April 28, 2021 (and the reinvestment of dividends thereafter). The comparisons in the graph below are based on historical data and are not indicative of, or intended to forecast, future performance of our common stock. 

Base Period 
 
 Periods Ending 

Company or Index Name/Symbol 
 4/28/2021 
 
 6/30/2021 
 
 12/31/2021 
 
 6/30/2022 
 
 12/30/2022 
 
 6/30/2023 
 
 12/31/2023 

FTC Solar, Inc. (FTCI) 
 
 100.00 

87.51 

49.70 

23.80 

17.62 

21.17 

4.55 

Russell 2000 Index (RUT) 
 
 100.00 

100.41 

97.58 

74.22 

76.54 

82.08 

88.09 

Nasdaq Clean Edge Green Energy Index (CELS) 
 
 100.00 

102.33 

100.57 

77.23 

69.81 

75.84 

62.42 

Ite m 6. [Reserved] 
 Not applicable. 
 Ite m 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other information included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to those differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in Part I, Item1A. "Risk Factors" and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Additionally, our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in any future period. 
 Overview 
 FTC Solar, Inc. (the Company , we , our , or us was founded in 2017 and is incorporated in the state of Delaware. In April 2021, we completed an initial public offering ("IPO"), and our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol FTCI . 
 37 

We are a global provider of solar tracker systems, supported by proprietary software and value-added engineering services. Solar tracker systems move solar panels throughout the day to maintain an optimal orientation relative to the sun, thereby increasing the amount of solar energy produced at a solar installation. Our original tracker system is currently marketed under the Voyager brand name Voyager ), which is our 2P single-axis tracker solution. In September 2022, we announced the introduction of Pioneer, our new 1P solar tracker solution. We have also launched a new mounting solution to support the installation and use of U.S.-manufactured thin-film modules by project owners and, in August 2023, we introduced SUNOPS, a cloud-based, tracker-agnostic solar asset monitoring solution allowing asset owners and managers to evaluate the operation and performance of their solar deployments. In addition, we have a team of renewable energy professionals available to assist our U.S. and worldwide clients in site layout, structural design, pile testing and other needs across the solar project development and construction cycle. The Company is headquartered in Austin, Texas, and has international subsidiaries in Australia, China, India and South Africa. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act. Under the JOBS Act, we elected to use the allowed extended transition period to delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 Government Regulations. Changes in the U.S. trade environment, including the imposition of import tariffs, AD/CVD investigations and the UFLPA, which became effective in June 2022, can have an impact on the timing of developer projects. The UFLPA resulted in new rules for module importers and reviews by CBP. There is currently uncertainty in the market around achieving full compliance with UFLPA, whether related to sufficient traceability of materials or other factors. Escalating trade tensions, particularly between the United States and China, have led to increased tariffs and trade restrictions, including tariffs applicable to certain raw materials and components for our products. We have taken measures with the intention of mitigating the effect of tariffs and the impact of AD/CVD and UFLPA on our business by reducing our reliance on China and enhancing our U.S.-based supply chain, including through our investment in Alpha Steel, as described further in Note 3, "Equity method investment" included in our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. In 2019, 90 of our supply chain was sourced from China. As of December 31, 2023, we have qualified suppliers outside of China for certain of our commodities and we continue to work to reduce the extent to which our supply chain for U.S.-based projects is subject to existing tariffs. We have entered into partnerships with manufacturers based in the United States, Hong Kong, India, Mexico, Canada, Spain, Brazil, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Thailand, Vietnam and Korea to diversify our supply chain and optimize costs. On June 6, 2022, President Biden issued an Executive Order allowing U.S. solar deployers to import solar modules and cells from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam free from certain duties for 24 months, along with other incentives designed to accelerate U.S. domestic production of clean energy technologies. However, on December 29, 2023, Auxin and Concept Clean Energy, Inc. filed suit in the U.S. Court of International Trade challenging the legal basis for the moratorium and implementing regulations. If the suit proves successful, solar module importers could owe retroactive duties on goods that have already cleared customs. 
 The most notable incentive program impacting our U.S. business has historically been the ITC for solar energy projects, which allows taxpayers to offset their U.S. federal income tax liability by a certain percentage of their cost basis in solar energy systems placed in service for commercial use. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, passed by the U.S. Congress and signed into law by President Biden on August 16, 2022, expanded and extended the tax credits and other tax benefits available to solar energy projects and the solar energy supply chain. ITCs have been extended for such projects through at least 2032 and, depending on the location of a particular project and its ability to satisfy certain labor and domestic content requirements, the ITC percentage can range between 30 and 50 . U.S. manufacturers of specific solar components are now eligible to claim production tax credits as an alternative to the ITC. Implementing regulations for this law are, in certain cases, still being finalized and the impact of these regulations continue to be evaluated by developers of new solar projects and manufacturers of solar components. Our investment in and commitments made to Alpha Steel will allow us to obtain certain benefits as a result of this new production tax credit program. We believe this law will bolster and extend future demand for our products in the United States, however as the implementing regulations for this law are still being finalized, this creates uncertainty about the extent of its impact on our Company and the solar energy industry. 
 Disruptions in Transportation and Supply Chain. Our costs are affected by the costs of certain components and materials, such as steel, motors and micro-chips, as well as transportation costs. Current market conditions and international conflicts that constrain the supply of materials and disrupt the flow of materials from international vendors impact the cost of our products and services, along with overall rates of inflation in the global economy, which have been higher than pre-COVID 19 pandemic historical rates. Transportation costs, including ocean freight and U.S. domestic haul rates, increased at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic but have since returned to pre-pandemic rates. Domestic fuel prices, however, continue to be elevated compared to pre-pandemic rates. Additionally, 
 38 

COVID-19 shutdowns in China during 2022 created a backlog of exports and increased demand for container shipments from China, but such shutdowns have since been eased by the Chinese government. These cost increases and decreases impact our operating margins. We have taken steps to expand and diversify our manufacturing partnerships and have adjusted our modes of transportation to mitigate the impact of headwinds that arise in the global supply chain and logistics markets. As an example, we have modified our ocean freight from previously using charter shipments to now using containerized shipments as costs in the container market began to decrease in 2022. We continue to monitor the logistics markets and will continue to evaluate our use of various modes of transportation when warranted to optimize our transportation costs. Additionally, from February 2022 to September 2023, we utilized a related-party consulting firm to support us in making improvements to our processes and performance in various areas, including design, sourcing, logistics, pricing, software and our distributed generation business. Further information may be found in Note 18 "Related party transactions" included in our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report with regard to the related-party consulting firm. We intend to maintain a sharp focus on our design-to-value initiative to continue to improve margins by reducing manufacturing and material costs of our products. 
 Megawatts ("MW") Produced and MW Shipped and Average Selling Price ("ASP"). The primary operating metrics we use to evaluate our sales performance and to track market acceptance of our products are the change in quantity of MW produced and MW shipped from period to period. MW are measured for each individual project and are calculated based on the expected output of that project once installed and fully operational. We also utilize metrics related to price and cost of goods sold per watt, including the change in ASP from period to period and cost per watt. ASP is calculated by dividing product and service revenue by total watts produced or shipped and product and service cost per watt is calculated by dividing product or service costs of goods sold by total watts produced or shipped. These metrics enable us to evaluate trends in pricing, manufacturing and logistics costs and profitability. Events such as the COVID-19 pandemic, global inflation rates and international conflicts have in the past impacted and may continue to impact the U.S. economy, global supply chains, and our business. These impacts can cause significant shipping delays and cost increases, as well as offsetting ASP increases, and also raise the price of inputs like steel and logistics, affecting our cost per watt. 
 Investment in technology and personnel. We invest in both the people and technology behind our products. We intend to continue making significant investments in the technology for our products and expansion of our patent portfolio to attract and retain customers, expand the capabilities and scope of our products, and enhance user experience. As an example, in August 2023, we introduced SUNOPS, a cloud-based, tracker-agnostic solar asset monitoring solution allowing asset owners and managers to evaluate the operation and performance of their solar deployments. We also intend over time to make significant investments to attract and retain employees in key positions, including sales leads, engineers, software developers, quality assurance personnel, supply chain personnel, product management, and operations personnel, to help us drive additional efficiencies across our marketplace and, in the case of sales leads, to continue to enhance and diversify our sales capabilities, including international expansion. 
 Impact of Climate Change. Climate change has primarily impacted our business operations by increasing demand for solar power generation and, as a result, for use of our products. While climate change has not resulted in any material negative impact to our operations to date, we recognize the risk of disruptions to our supply chain due to extreme weather events. This has led us to expand the diversity of our supplier base and to partner with more local suppliers to reduce shipping and transportation needs. We are also increasingly partnering with larger scale steel producers rather than smaller suppliers to facilitate scaling of our operations while remaining conscious of the environmental impacts of steel manufacturing as the regulatory landscape around these high-emitting industries evolves. An example of this strategy is our investment in Alpha Steel, a U.S.-based manufacturing partnership with Taihua, a leading steel fabricator. 
 We also attempt to mitigate the climate-related risks from the use of our products by designing our equipment and systems to have a high-slope tolerance and wind mitigation capabilities, while at the same time reducing the required foundation/pile count needed. This allows our trackers to be installed in increasingly hostile environments with minimal disturbance to the surrounding land. 
 Liquidity. See "Liquidity and Capital Resources" below for a discussion of the impact of the items above on our liquidity position. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net loss and adjusted earnings per share EPS 
 We utilize Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Loss, and Adjusted EPS as supplemental measures of our performance. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net loss plus (i) provision (benefit) for income taxes, (ii) interest expense, net, (iii) depreciation expense, (iv) amortization of intangibles, (v) stock-based compensation, (vi) 
 39 

non-routine legal fees, certain severance and other costs (credits), and (vii) the loss from an unconsolidated subsidiary that was sold in 2021. We also deduct the contingent gains from the disposal of our investment in an unconsolidated subsidiary and the gain from extinguishment of our debt from net loss in arriving at Adjusted EBITDA. We define Adjusted Net Loss as net loss plus (i) amortization of debt issue costs and intangibles, (ii) stock-based compensation, (iii) non-routine legal fees, severance and certain other costs (credits), (iv) the loss from an unconsolidated subsidiary that was sold in 2021, and (v) the income tax expense (benefit) of those adjustments, if any. We also deduct the gains or add back the losses from the disposal of our investment in an unconsolidated subsidiary that was sold in 2021 and the gain from extinguishment of our debt from net loss in arriving at Adjusted Net Loss. Adjusted EPS is defined as Adjusted Net Loss on a per share basis using the weighted average diluted shares outstanding. 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Loss, and Adjusted EPS are intended as supplemental measures of performance that are neither required by, nor presented in accordance with, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). We present Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Loss and Adjusted EPS, because we believe they assist investors and analysts in comparing our performance across reporting periods on an ongoing basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. In addition, we use Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Loss and Adjusted EPS to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies. 
 Among other limitations, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Loss, and Adjusted EPS do not reflect (i) our cash expenditures, or future requirements, for capital expenditures or contractual commitments, and (ii) the impact of certain cash charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative of our ongoing operations. Further, the adjustments noted in Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect the impact of any income tax expense or benefit. Additionally, other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Loss, and Adjusted EPS differently than we do, which limits its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Loss, and Adjusted EPS should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and you should not rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business. These non-GAAP financial measures, when presented, are reconciled to the most closely applicable GAAP measure as disclosed below: 
 40 

Year ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

(in thousands, except shares and per share data) 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 

Adjusted Net Loss 

Adjusted EBITDA 

Adjusted Net Loss 

Adjusted EBITDA 

Adjusted Net Loss 

Net loss per U.S. GAAP 

(50,290) 

(50,290) 

(99,613) 

(99,613) 

(106,589) 

(106,589) 

Reconciling items - 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

(338) 

435 

169 

Interest expense, net 

253 

978 

814 

Amortization of debt issue costs in interest expense 

709 

703 

461 

Depreciation expense 

833 

631 

232 

Amortization of intangibles 

542 

542 

269 

269 

Stock-based compensation 

8,295 

8,295 

20,303 

20,303 

61,765 

61,765 

Gain from disposal of investment in unconsolidated subsidiary (a) 

(1,319) 

(1,319) 

(1,745) 

(1,745) 

(20,829) 

(20,829) 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

(790) 

(790) 

Non-routine legal fees (b) 

214 

214 

8,495 

8,495 

2,791 

2,791 

Severance (c) 

4,422 

4,422 

1,478 

1,478 

1,298 

1,298 

Other costs (d) 

3,241 

3,241 

2,353 

2,353 

4,927 

4,927 

Loss from sold unconsolidated subsidiary (a) 

354 

354 

Adjusted Non-GAAP amounts 

(34,147) 

(34,186) 

(66,416) 

(67,757) 

(55,858) 

(56,612) 

U.S. GAAP net loss per share: 

Diluted 
 
 N/A 

(0.44) 
 
 N/A 

(0.98) 
 
 N/A 

(1.24) 

Adjusted Non-GAAP net loss per share (Adjusted EPS): 

Diluted 
 
 N/A 

(0.30) 
 
 N/A 

(0.67) 
 
 N/A 

(0.66) 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 

Diluted 
 
 N/A 

115,546,150 

N/A 

101,408,263 

N/A 

86,043,051 

(a) Our management excludes the gain in each year from periodic collections of contingent contractual amounts arising from the sale in 2021 of our investment in an unconsolidated subsidiary, as well as the gain from the 2021 sale, when evaluating our operating performance, along with the loss from operations of our unconsolidated subsidiary prior to the sale. 
 (b) Non-routine legal fees represent legal fees and other costs incurred for specific matters that were not ordinary or routine to the operations of the business. 
 (c) Severance costs were incurred due to restructuring changes involving executive turnover and headcount reduction events. 
 (d) Other costs in 2023 included the write-off of remaining prepaid costs resulting from termination of our consulting agreement with a related party, as described further in Note 18, "Related party transactions" in our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Other costs in 2022 included certain amounts related to our acquisition of HX Tracker, costs attributable to settlement of stock-based compensation awards in 2022 resulting from our IPO, shareholder follow-on registration costs and other items pursuant to our IPO, write-off of deferred costs relating to certain uncompleted transactions and installment payments in both 2022 and 2021 relating to a 2021 CEO transition event. Other costs in 2021 also included consulting fees in connection with operations and finance. 
 41 

Key Components of Our Results of Operations 
 The following discussion describes certain line items in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. 
 Revenue 
 Revenue from the sale of our solar tracker systems and customized components of those systems is recognized over time, as work progresses, utilizing an input measure of progress determined by cost incurred to date relative to total expected cost on these projects to correlate with our performance in transferring control over the tracker systems and their components. Revenue from the sale of individual parts is recognized at a point in time as and when control transfers based on the terms of the contract. Revenue from sale of term-based software licenses is recognized upon transfer of control to the customer. Revenue for shipping and handling services is recognized over time based on progress in meeting shipping terms of the arrangements. Revenue for stand-alone engineering consulting and pile testing services is recognized at a point in time upon completion of the services performed. Subscription revenue, which is derived from our subscription-based enterprise licensing model, and support revenue, which is derived from ongoing security updates and maintenance, are generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. 
 Our customers include project developers, solar asset owners and EPC contractors that design and build solar energy projects. For each individual solar project, we enter into a contract with our customers covering the price, specifications, delivery dates and warranty for the products being purchased, among other things. Our contractual delivery period for our solar tracker systems and related parts can vary depending on size of the project and availability of vessels and other means of delivery. Contracts can range in value from tens of thousands to tens of millions of dollars. 
 Our revenue is affected by changes in the volume and ASP of our solar tracking systems purchased by our customers and volume of sales of software products and engineering services, among other things. The ASP of our solar tracker systems and volume of sales is driven by the supply of, and demand for, our products, changes in product mix, geographic mix of our customers, strength of competitors product offerings, tariff and import restrictions, supply chain issues and availability of government incentives to the end-users of our products. Additionally, our revenue may be impacted by seasonality due to cold weather, which can cause variability in site construction activity. 
 The vast majority of our revenue in the periods presented in this Annual Report was attributable to sales in the United States and Australia. Our revenue growth is dependent on continued growth in the number of solar tracker projects and engineering services we win in competitive bidding processes and growth in our software sales each year, as well as our ability to increase our market share in each of the geographies in which we currently compete, expand our global footprint to new emerging markets, grow our production capabilities to meet demand and continue to develop and introduce new and innovative products that address the changing technology and performance requirements of our customers, among other things. 
 Cost of revenue and gross profit (loss) 
 We subcontract with third-party manufacturers to manufacture and deliver our products directly to our customers. Our product costs are affected by the underlying cost of raw materials procured by these contract manufacturers, including steel and aluminum; component costs, including electric motors and gearboxes; technological innovation in manufacturing processes; and our ability to achieve economies of scale resulting in lower component costs. We do not currently hedge against changes in the price of raw materials, but we continue to explore opportunities to mitigate the risks of foreign currency and commodity fluctuations through the use of hedges and foreign exchange lines of credit. Some of these costs, primarily personnel, are not directly affected by sales volume. 
 We have made changes to our headcount over the last three years as we initially scaled up our business and, more recently, made adjustments at the end of 2022 and in August 2023 in response to current project activity levels. Our gross profit may vary period-to-period due to changes in our headcount, ASP, product costs, product mix, customer mix, geographical mix, shipping methods, warranty costs and seasonality. Pursuant to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the "CARES Act"), we received employee retention credits during 2021, which reduced the impact of personnel costs on our operating results during that year. 
 Operating expenses 
 Operating expenses consist of research and development expenses, selling and marketing expenses and general and administrative expenses. Personnel-related costs are the most significant component of our operating expenses and include salaries, benefits, bonuses, commissions and stock-based compensation expenses. 
 42 

We froze non-essential hiring during the latter part of 2022 and implemented reductions in our workforce at the end of 2022 and in August 2023, in response to regulatory and other issues that were negatively impacting our solar project activity levels. In addition, our operating costs have been impacted by (i) our level of research activities to originate, develop and enhance our products, (ii) our sales and marketing efforts as we expand our development activities in various parts of the world, and (iii) variations in legal and professional fees, compliance costs, insurance, facility costs and other costs associated with strategic changes in response to changing market conditions and other matters. 
 Results of Operations 2023 Compared to 2022 

Year ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

(in thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Amounts 

Percentage of revenue 

Amounts 

Percentage of revenue 

Revenue: 

Product 

101,872 

80.2 

63,760 

51.8 

Service 

25,130 

19.8 

59,306 

48.2 

Total revenue 

127,002 

100.0 

123,066 

100.0 

Cost of revenue: 

Product 

93,314 

73.5 

84,766 

68.9 

Service 

25,381 

20.0 

65,528 

53.2 

Total cost of revenue 

118,695 

93.5 

150,294 

122.1 

Gross profit (loss) 

8,307 

6.5 

(27,228) 

(22.1) 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 

7,166 

5.6 

9,949 

8.1 

Selling and marketing 

14,811 

11.7 

8,659 

7.0 

General and administrative 

37,107 

29.2 

53,736 

43.7 

Total operating expenses 

59,084 

46.5 

72,344 

58.8 

Loss from operations 

(50,777) 

(40.0) 

(99,572) 

(80.9) 

Interest expense, net 

(253) 

(0.2) 

(978) 

(0.8) 

Gain from disposal of investment in unconsolidated subsidiary 

1,319 

1.0 

1,745 

1.4 

Other expense, net 

(257) 

(0.2) 

(373) 

(0.3) 

Loss from unconsolidated subsidiary 

(660) 

(0.5) 

0.0 

Loss before income taxes 

(50,628) 

(39.9) 

(99,178) 

(80.6) 

(Provision for) benefit from income taxes 

338 

0.3 

(435) 

(0.4) 

Net loss 

(50,290) 

(39.6) 

(99,613) 

(80.9) 

Revenue 
 We generate our revenue in two streams Product revenue and Service revenue. Product revenue is derived from the sale of solar tracker systems and customized components for those systems, individual part sales for certain specific transactions and the sale of term-based software licenses. Service revenue includes revenue from shipping and handling services, engineering consulting and pile testing services, our subscription-based enterprise licensing model and maintenance and support services in connection with the term-based software licenses. 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Change 

Change 

Product 

101,872 

63,760 

38,112 

59.8 

Service 

25,130 

59,306 

(34,176) 

(57.6) 

Total revenue 

127,002 

123,066 

3,936 

3.2 

Product revenue 
 The increase in product revenue in 2023, as compared to 2022, was primarily due to (i) an increase of 33 in MW produced as activity during the year ended December 31, 2022 was adversely impacted by regulatory issues involving the Solar Circumvention Investigation and the UFLPA, concerns about which have since eased to some extent in 2023 but still remain, and (ii) an increase of 17 in ASP as a result of improved project pricing. In addition, product revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was negatively impacted by a customer concession charge of 2.0 million. 
 43 

Although our 2023 production increased compared to 2022, our activity levels during the year ended December 31, 2023 continued to be constrained by recent customer project delays, as well as the regulatory issues described above. 
 
 Service revenue 
 The decrease in service revenue in 2023, as compared to 2022, primarily resulted from a decrease of 48 in the amount of MW delivered as a result of timing of project manufacturing completions, as well as a decrease of 22 in ASP as pricing has moderated in relation to lower transportation costs as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, service revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was negatively impacted by a customer concession charge of 3.0 million. 
 Cost of revenue and gross (loss) profit 
 Cost of revenue consists primarily of costs related to raw materials, freight and delivery, product warranty, and personnel costs (salaries, bonuses, benefits, and stock-based compensation). Personnel costs in cost of revenue include both direct labor costs as well as costs attributable to any individuals whose activities relate to the procurement, installment, and delivery of the finished product and services. 
 Gross profit may vary from period-to-period and is primarily affected by our ASP, product costs, product mix, customer mix, geographical mix, shipping method, logistics costs, warranty costs and potentially, seasonality. 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Change 

Change 

Product 

93,314 

84,766 

8,548 

10.1 

Service 

25,381 

65,528 

(40,147) 

(61.3) 

Total cost of revenue 

118,695 

150,294 

(31,599) 

(21.0) 

Gross profit (loss) 

8,307 

(27,228) 

35,535 

130.5 

Gross profit (loss) percentage of revenue 

6.5 

(22.1) 

The decrease in cost of revenue in 2023, as compared to 2022, was primarily driven by (i) a decrease of 48 in shipping and logistics activity. While there was an increase of 33 in MW produced, the cost of MW produced decreased by 17 as a result of lower direct costs due to our design-to-value efforts, lower remediation and warranty costs, as well as reduced overhead spending due to the impact of other cost control efforts, including lower average headcount during the current period. 
 Our gross profit (loss) percentage of revenue for 2023 was a positive 6.5 , as compared to a negative 22.1 in 2022. 
 We had positive gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2023 largely due to (i) higher production activity (ii) a mix shift to higher margin product revenue, (iii) an increase of 17 in our product ASP, and lower direct costs due to our design-to-value efforts, lower remediation and warranty costs, as well as reduced overhead spending due to the impact of other costs control efforts, including lower average headcount during the current period. 
 We had negative gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of (i) production volumes that were not sufficient to cover certain relatively fixed overhead costs, (ii) our inability to recover certain increased logistics costs on fixed price contracts, and (iii) recognition of a 5.0 million customer concession during the period. 
 Research and development 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expenses and travel expenses related to our engineers performing research and development activities to originate, develop and enhance our products. Additional expenses include consulting charges, component purchases and other costs for performing research and development on our software products. 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Change 

Change 

Research and development 

7,166 

9,949 

(2,783) 

(28.0) 

The decrease in research and development expenses in 2023, as compared to 2022, was primarily due to (i) lower spending of 1.0 million on lab activity and materials, (ii) 0.9 million of lower stock-based compensation expense largely attributable to award forfeitures from the reduction in force in August 2023, as well as the lower number of stock-based incentive compensation awards granted during the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, (iii) lower payroll-related costs of 0.7 million as a result of lower 
 44 

average headcount, and, (iv) lower research facility costs of 0.2 million. Research and development expenses as a percentage of revenue were 5.6 for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to 8.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Selling and marketing 
 Selling and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expenses and travel expenses related to our sales and marketing and business development personnel. Additionally, selling and marketing expenses include costs associated with professional fees and support charges for software subscriptions and licenses, trade shows and conventions. 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Change 

Change 

Selling and marketing 

14,811 

8,659 

6,152 

71.0 

The increase in selling and marketing expenses in 2023, as compared to 2022, was primarily attributable to (i) higher provisions for uncollectible receivables totaling 6.2 million related mainly to charges in both periods associated with a specific customer account, (ii) higher payroll-related costs of 0.5 million largely from employee severance charges in 2023, and (iii) higher travel and professional costs of 0.4 million. This was partially offset by lower stock-based compensation of 1.2 million attributable to award forfeitures resulting from the reduction in force in August 2023 and a lower number of stock-based incentive compensation awards issued during the year ended December 31, 2023. Selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue were 11.7 for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to 7.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 General and administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expenses, and travel expenses related to our executives, finance team, and administrative employees. It also consists of legal, consulting, and professional fees, rent and lease expenses pertaining to our headquarters and international offices, business insurance costs and other costs. 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Change 

Change 

General and administrative 

37,107 

53,736 

(16,629) 

(30.9) 

The decrease in general and administrative expense in 2023, as compared to 2022, was primarily attributable to (i) lower legal fees and settlement costs of 7.9 million, primarily related to our December 2022 settlement of an outstanding legal matter which eliminated a large amount of legal fees and costs during 2023, as compared to 2022, (ii) 8.2 million of lower stock-based compensation expense related primarily to (a) forfeiture of awards in connection with the September 2023 termination of the Service Agreement with a related party as described further in Note 18, "Related party transactions" in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report, (b) forfeiture of awards in connection with our reduction in force in August 2023 and the departure of certain executive officers, effective December 2023, and (c) a lower number of stock-based incentive compensation awards in 2023 as compared to 2022, (iii) lower consulting and professional fees of 1.8 million, and (iv) 2.1 million of lower insurance costs. These decreases were partially offset by a 3.2 million write-off of remaining prepaid expense balances also associated with the termination of the Service Agreement with a related party as described in Note 18, as referenced above. In addition, higher severance costs during 2023 were mostly offset by headcount reductions and lower cash incentive compensation. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue were 29.2 for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to 43.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Interest expense, net 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Change 

Change 

Interest expense, net 

253 

978 

(725) 

(74.1) 

Interest expense for 2023 and 2022 totaled approximately 1.3 million and 1.4 million, respectively, and consisted primarily of commitment fees on our revolving credit facility with Barclays Bank that we entered into in April 2021, along with associated debt issue cost amortization and lender fees paid in connection with a June 2022 amendment to our revolving credit facility. Interest income earned on our cash equivalents in 2023 and 2022 totaled approximately 1.0 million and 0.4 million, respectively. 
 45 

Gain from disposal of investment in unconsolidated subsidiary 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Change 

Change 

Gain from disposal of investment in unconsolidated subsidiary 

1,319 

1,745 

(426) 

(24.4) 

We sold our interest in our unconsolidated subsidiary, Dimension Energy LLC ("Dimension"), on June 24, 2021. Dimension is a community solar developer based in Atlanta, Georgia that provides renewable energy solutions for local communities in the United States. The sales agreement with Dimension included an earnout provision which provides the potential to receive additional contingent consideration of up to approximately 14.0 million through December 2024, based on Dimension achieving certain performance milestones. The sales agreement also includes a projects escrow release which is an additional contingent consideration to receive 7 million based on Dimension s completion of certain construction projects in progress at the time of the sale. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, we received escrow release payments of 1.3 million and 1.7 million, respectively, that were recognized in accordance with our policy election of recording such gains when realizable. 
 Loss from unconsolidated subsidiary 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Change 

Change 

Loss from unconsolidated subsidiary 

660 

660 

N/A 

The loss from unconsolidated subsidiary for 2023, represents our share of net operating losses incurred to date by Alpha Steel that are accounted for using the equity method. 
 Results of Operations 2022 Compared to 2021 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(in thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Amounts 

Percentage of revenue 

Amounts 

Percentage of revenue 

Revenue: 

Product 

63,760 

51.8 

227,397 

84.1 

Service 

59,306 

48.2 

43,128 

15.9 

Total revenue 

123,066 

100.0 

270,525 

100.0 

Cost of revenue: 

Product 

84,766 

68.9 

239,149 

88.4 

Service 

65,528 

53.2 

63,921 

23.6 

Total cost of revenue 

150,294 

122.1 

303,070 

112.0 

Gross loss 

(27,228) 

(22.1) 

(32,545) 

(12.0) 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 

9,949 

8.1 

11,540 

4.3 

Selling and marketing 

8,659 

7.0 

6,823 

2.5 

General and administrative 

53,736 

43.7 

75,896 

28.1 

Total operating expenses 

72,344 

58.8 

94,259 

34.8 

Loss from operations 

(99,572) 

(80.9) 

(126,804) 

(46.9) 

Interest expense, net 

(978) 

(0.8) 

(814) 

(0.3) 

Gain from disposal of investment in unconsolidated subsidiary 

1,745 

1.4 

20,829 

7.7 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

0.0 

790 

0.3 

Other expense, net 

(373) 

(0.3) 

(67) 

0.0 

Loss from unconsolidated subsidiary 

0.0 

(354) 

(0.1) 

Loss before income taxes 

(99,178) 

(80.6) 

(106,420) 

(39.3) 

Provision for income taxes 

(435) 

(0.4) 

(169) 

(0.1) 

Net loss 

(99,613) 

(80.9) 

(106,589) 

(39.4) 

46 

Revenue 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Product 

63,760 

227,397 

(163,637) 

(72.0) 

Service 

59,306 

43,128 

16,178 

37.5 

Total revenue 

123,066 

270,525 

(147,459) 

(54.5) 

Product revenue 
 The decrease in product revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to (i) a 56 decrease in MW produced, (ii) a decrease of approximately 35 in ASP, and (iii) a customer concession charge during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The decrease in MW produced was due to the impact of supply chain availability and concerns by project developers and owners over regulatory and tariff issues described below under "Liquidity and Capital Resources", which slowed or pushed out demand for our trackers in comparison to higher production levels for various large projects during the year ended December 31, 2021. We believe the regulatory concerns regarding module availability, among other things, slowed new and existing project activity during the year ended December 31, 2022, by pushing some activity out into 2023 and beyond. The decrease in ASP for our products was the result of a change in the mix of projects between the periods. 
 Service revenue 
 The increase in service revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to increased shipping and logistics activity levels in 2022 resulting from high production activity in the fourth quarter of 2021, and an increase in ASP for shipping and logistics services due to higher pricing required to cover higher costs. During the year ended December 31, 2021, increases in shipping and logistics costs were not fully recoverable under existing contracts at that time. The differential between service revenue and costs during the year ended December 31, 2022, was largely due to a customer concession charge recorded against revenue during the first quarter of 2022 and higher warehousing costs for products in transit to customers. 
 Cost of revenue and gross (loss) profit 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Product 

84,766 

239,149 

(154,383) 

(64.6) 

Service 

65,528 

63,921 

1,607 

2.5 

Total cost of revenue 

150,294 

303,070 

(152,776) 

(50.4) 

Gross loss 

(27,228) 

(32,545) 

5,317 

16.3 

Gross loss percentage of revenue 

(22.1) 

(12.0) 

The decrease in cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily driven by (i) a decrease of 56 in MW produced, and (ii) lower stock-based compensation cost as a result of accelerated vesting of stock-based awards following our IPO in 2021. This was partially offset by increases in shipping and logistics costs in 2022 based on higher logistics activity, as well as higher product costs due to project mix changes compared to last year and higher employee costs due to headcount increases. 
 Our gross profit (loss) percentage of revenue for 2022 was a negative 22.1 , as compared to a negative 12.0 in 2021. We had a gross margin loss in our products for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as (i) 2022 volumes were not sufficient to cover certain relatively fixed overhead costs, and (ii) due to certain projects that were in a loss position during the year ended December 31, 2021, due to our inability to pass on significant cost increases to our customers on fixed price contracts. The decline in the gross profit (loss) percentage was largely due to a 5.0 million customer concession and lower production levels in relation to certain relatively fixed costs during the year ended December 31, 2022. This was partially offset by (i) an increase in shipping and logistics activity levels, as well as increased shipping and logistics revenue in order to cover increased costs, which improved our service margins, despite higher warehousing costs for product in transit to customers, and (ii) lower stock-based compensation costs. 
 Research and development 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Research and development 

9,949 

11,540 

(1,591) 

(13.8) 

47 

The decrease in research and development expenses in 2022, as compared to 2021, was primarily attributable to 2.2 million of lower stock-based compensation expense as a result of accelerated vesting of stock-based awards following our IPO in 2021. This was partially offset by 0.4 million of higher personnel-related expenses due to higher headcount for much of 2022, as well as severance costs associated with our reduction in force in December 2022. Research and development expenses as a percentage of revenue were 8.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4.3 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Selling and marketing 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Selling and marketing 

8,659 

6,823 

1,836 

26.9 

The increase in selling and marketing expenses in 2022, as compared to 2021, was primarily attributable to higher provisions for uncollectible receivables totaling 1.3 million, as well as higher payroll, marketing and travel costs. Selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue were 7.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.5 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 General and administrative 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

General and administrative 

53,736 

75,896 

(22,160) 

(29.2) 

The decrease in general and administrative expense in 2022, as compared to 2021, was primarily attributable to 34.3 million of lower stock-based compensation expense as a result of accelerated vesting of stock-based awards following our IPO in 2021. This was partially offset by (i) higher costs of 6.3 million for legal fees and settlement of litigation with FCX Solar, LLC in December 2022, (ii) higher payroll-related costs 2.8 million due to headcount increases, including costs associated with our December 2022 reduction in force, and (iii) higher insurance and other operating costs of 1.8 million primarily as a result of being a public company since April 2021. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue were 43.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 28.1 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Interest expense, net 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Interest expense, net 

978 

814 

164 

20.1 

Interest expense primarily consists of commitment fees on our revolving credit facility with Barclays Bank that we entered into in April 2021, along with associated debt issue cost amortization and lender fees paid in connection with a June 2022 amendment to our revolving credit facility. Interest income earned on our cash equivalents during the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled approximately 0.4 million. 
 Gain from disposal of investment in unconsolidated subsidiary 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Gain from disposal of investment in unconsolidated subsidiary 

1,745 

20,829 

(19,084) 

(91.6) 

We sold our interest in our unconsolidated subsidiary, Dimension, on June 24, 2021, recognizing a gain of 20.8 million on the sale. Prior to the sale, we incurred an equity loss in 2021 of 0.4 million from our holding of this investment, which is reflected as a "Loss from unconsolidated subsidiary" in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received 1.7 million from escrow for subsequent completion of certain construction projects that were in progress at the time of the sale. 
 Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

790 

(790) 

(100.0) 

48 

In January 2021, our Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") loan that was received in April 2020 pursuant to the CARES Act, was forgiven, resulting in a gain on extinguishment of debt. The terms of the CARES Act provided for loan forgiveness if the proceeds were used to retain and pay employees and for other qualifying expenditures. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have incurred cumulative losses since inception and have a history of cash outflows from operations During the three-year period ended December 31, 2023, we used 240.0 million of cash in our operations, inclusive of 52.7 million utilized during the year ended December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, we had 25.2 million of cash on hand, 53.8 million of working capital and approximately 64.9 million of remaining capacity available for future sales of our common stock under our ATM program as defined and described further in Note 5, "ATM program" in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. There can be no assurance that we will be able to sell any additional shares of our common stock under the ATM program and no assurance regarding the price at which we will be able to sell such shares, and any sales of our common stock under the ATM program may be at prices that result in additional dilution to our existing stockholders. 
 On December 22, 2023, we received notification from Nasdaq that we were not in compliance with the requirement to maintain a minimum closing bid price of 1.00 per share, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1), because the closing bid price of the Company s common stock was below 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days. The notification does not impact the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market at this time. 
 In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we have a period of 180 calendar days from the date of notification, or until June 19, 2024, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. During this period, our common stock will continue to trade on the Nasdaq Global Market. If at any time before June 19, 2024 the bid price of our common stock closes at or above 1.00 per share for a minimum of ten consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide written notification that we have achieved compliance with this minimum bid price requirement. 
 In the event we do not regain compliance by June 19, 2024, we may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day compliance period to demonstrate compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. To qualify for the additional 180-day period, we may be required to meet the continued listing requirements for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards (with the exception of the bid price requirement) and transfer our listing to the Nasdaq Capital Market. In addition, we will need to provide written notice to Nasdaq of our intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. If we do not qualify for the second compliance period or fail to regain compliance during the second 180-day period, then Nasdaq will notify us that our common stock is subject to delisting. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we were not in compliance with the minimum liquidity covenant in our existing Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility (the "Credit Facility") which currently prevents us from borrowing under the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility will terminate on April 30, 2024, unless earlier extended or replaced. 
 Also, as of December 31, 2023, we had a material contractual obligation that could require us to make additional capital contributions of up to 2.6 million to Alpha Steel, as described further in Note 3, "Equity method investment" in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 The most notable incentive program impacting our U.S. business has historically been the ITC for solar energy projects, which allows taxpayers to offset their U.S. federal income tax liability by a certain percentage of their cost basis in solar energy systems placed in service for commercial use. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, passed by the U.S. Congress and signed into law by President Biden on August 16, 2022, expanded and extended the tax credits and other tax benefits available to solar energy projects and the solar energy supply chain. ITCs have been extended for such projects through at least 2032 and, depending on the location of a particular project and its ability to satisfy certain labor and domestic content requirements, the ITC percentage can range between 30 and 50 . U.S. manufacturers of specific solar components are now eligible to claim production tax credits as an alternative to the ITC. Implementing regulations for this law are, in certain cases, still being finalized and the impact of these regulations continue to be evaluated by developers of new solar projects and manufacturers of solar components. Our investment in and commitments made to Alpha Steel will allow us to obtain certain benefits as a result of this new production tax credit program. 
 We have taken steps to expand and diversify our manufacturing partnerships and have adjusted our modes of transportation to mitigate the impact of headwinds that might arise in the global supply chain and logistics markets. As an example, we modified our ocean freight from previously using charter shipments to now using containerized shipments as costs in the container market began to decrease in 2022 after having risen at the beginning of the COVID 19 pandemic. We continue to monitor the logistics markets and will continue to evaluate our use of various modes of transportation when warranted to optimize our transportation costs. Additionally, from February 2022 to September 
 49 

2023, we utilized a related-party consulting firm to support us in making improvements to our processes and performance in various areas, including design, sourcing, logistics, pricing, software and our distributed generation business. 
 We also took steps in 2022 and 2023, and continue to evaluate our opportunities in 2024, to address existing market challenges, our cost structure and our historical use of cash. Further, we recently launched Pioneer, a 1P solar tracker solution, and introduced a new mounting solution to support the installation and use of U.S.-manufactured thin-film modules. Additionally, as noted above, we have seen improvements in the logistics markets and easing of supply chain constraints beginning in 2022. These factors have contributed to us having positive gross profit during each quarter in 2023, a first since our IPO in April 2021. 
 In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 205-40, Going Concern, we have evaluated whether there are conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, which raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date our consolidated financial statements are issued. 
 Management believes that our existing cash on hand, as well as the continuing impact of certain of the actions described above and our expectations of (i) improved market conditions, (ii) the expected timing of customer project activity, including activity related to certain large project awards received in 2023, and (iii) positive results from our efforts to increase gross margins, will allow us to grow profitably and generate positive cash flow from operations during the next twelve months in amounts that will be sufficient, along with our other available resources such as our existing working capital and remaining capacity available for future sales of our common stock under our ATM program, to fund our operations for at least one year from the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements. 
 While there are already many underlying drivers of growth in the solar industry, the expected positive impact on demand for our products, or the timing of construction activity by existing customers and solar project developers, could take longer than expected to occur. In addition, domestic and international market conditions could deteriorate significantly from what we currently expect, and regulatory and international trade policies could become more stringent as a result of (i) findings from the Solar Circumvention Investigation, (ii) CBP's enforcement of the UFLPA, and (iii) other factors, which may result in a need for us to issue additional debt or obtain new equity financing to adequately fund our existing operations beyond the next twelve months. We continue to actively explore options to obtain additional sources of capital through the issuance of new debt, asset financing or other potential measures for our longer-term needs. However, we may be unable to obtain any desired additional financing on terms favorable to us, or at all, depending on market and other conditions, which could result in curtailment of our current operations and our ability to further invest in our products and new technology. The ability to raise additional financing depends on numerous factors, some of which that are outside of our control, including macroeconomic factors such as the impact of inflation, the level of interest rates, supply chain or other effects from the ongoing conflicts in the Ukraine and the Middle East, general market conditions, the health of financial institutions (including the recent bankruptcy of certain regional banks and related impacts that have occurred and continue to occur in the banking industry), investors' and lenders' assessments of our prospects and the prospects of the solar industry in general and the ability of our common stock to continue to trade in active markets. 
 Statements of cash flows 
 Our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities were as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Net cash used in operations 

(52,656) 

(54,510) 

(132,854) 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

(397) 

(4,247) 

21,307 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

33,950 

903 

180,369 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

(47) 

54 

(10) 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

(19,150) 

(57,800) 

68,812 

Operating activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we used approximately 27.0 million of cash to fund a portion of our expenditures for personnel and facilities, legal and professional fees, insurance, research and development and various other operating activities. This compares to approximately 63.3 million used in 2022 to fund (i) losses on certain of our projects, largely related to increased material and logistics costs due to supply chain disruptions since 2021 that were not fully recoverable, and (ii) expenditures for various operating activities. Economic conditions during 2022 and 2021 caused our industry to experience rapid commodity price increases and significant increases in transportation costs which negatively impacted our margins and thus our cash flow from operations. Additionally, the 
 50 

level of project activity significantly decreased in 2022 due to concerns by project developers and owners over regulatory and tariff issues, including AD/CVD and WROs pursuant to UFLPA. 
 We also used over 25.7 million of cash in 2023 for increases in working capital and other items, primarily due to timing of customer receipts and payments and higher project activity levels, net of inventory utilization. In 2022, we generated 8.8 million of cash from reductions in working capital and other items, primarily customer receivables, due to lower project activity levels and from settlements with certain customers earlier in the year to collect past due receivables owed. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we used 57.3 million of cash to fund losses on certain of our projects, as well as for operating costs and expenses as we continued to expand our presence to additional countries. In addition, we used 75.6 million of cash to fund increases in working capital and other items largely related to increased project activity and making deposits to ensure steel capacity for our projects and to acquire inventory that had a longer lead time due to global market supply and logistics constraints. Our working capital at December 31, 2021, was also impacted by a slowdown in collections from a major customer during the latter part of 2021. 
 Investing activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we made an initial equity investment of 0.9 million in Alpha Steel, a manufacturing partnership with Taihua in which we hold a 45 interest. Pursuant to our agreement with Alpha Steel, we could be required to make up to 2.6 million in future additional capital contributions as Alpha Steel expands production. Additionally, we received 1.3 million of contingent payments from escrow in connection with the June 2021 sale of our equity interest in Dimension due to the subsequent completion of certain construction projects that were in progress at the time of the sale. We also spent approximately 0.8 million in 2023 for leasehold improvements, tooling, software, and new computer and IT equipment. 
 On June 14, 2022, we closed on the acquisition of HX Tracker for a total purchase price of 8.7 million consisting of cash and stock. Additionally, on July 1, 2022, we acquired certain assets from Standard Sun, Inc., constituting their pile testing and equipment installation business, for approximately 0.8 million. The cash portion of the purchase price for both businesses, totaled approximately 5.1 million. 
 Additionally, during 2022, we received net proceeds of 1.7 million from the sale of our equity investment in Dimension. This was partially offset by 1.0 million of cash paid for new lab equipment to be used for product testing, as well as new tooling, computer and IT equipment, nearly one-half of which was acquired during the latter part of 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we received net proceeds of 22.3 million from the sale of our equity investment in Dimension. This was partially offset by 1.0 million spent for new lab, computer and IT equipment. 
 Financing activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we began selling newly issued shares of our common stock in various daily transactions under our ATM program, receiving cash proceeds of 34.0 million. Offering costs associated with the sale of our common stock totaled 0.3 million. We also received proceeds from exercise of stock options totaling 0.2 million. This compares to proceeds received from exercise of stock options during 2022 of 0.9 million 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we received 235.2 million of proceeds, net of offering costs, from our IPO in April 2021. A portion of these proceeds, totaling 54.2 million, were subsequently used to purchase an aggregate of 4,455,384 shares of our common stock. We also repaid the outstanding balance on our revolving line of credit with Western Alliance Bank during 2021, totaling 1.0 million, after which this facility was closed and a new facility was entered into with various lenders, including Barclays Bank (see "Revolving credit facility" below). We also received cash from the exercise of stock options during 2021 totaling 0.3 million. 
 Revolving credit facility 
 On April 30, 2021, we entered into the Credit Facility with various lenders, including Barclays Bank PLC, as issuing lender, the swingline lender and as administrative agent. The Credit Facility has an initial three-year term expiring April 30, 2024 and is secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of our assets, subject to certain exclusions, and customary guarantees. 
 The Credit Facility, as amended, includes the following terms: (i) aggregate commitments of up to 100 million, (ii) borrowings bearing interest at (a) a secured overnight financing rate ("Term SOFR"), plus 3.25 per annum, or (b) an alternate base rate ("ABR") equal to the highest of (x) the Prime Rate, (y) the Federal Funds Rate, plus 0.50 , 
 51 

or (z) Term SOFR plus 1.00 , (iii) initial commitment fees of 0.50 per annum; (iv) initial letter of credit fees of 3.25 per annum; and (v) other customary terms for a corporate revolving credit facility. 
 The Credit Facility also includes the following financial condition covenants that we are required to satisfy: (i) maintain a minimum liquidity limit of 125 million on the last business day of a quarter; (ii) maintain a 3.75 times leverage ratio; and (iii) maintain a 1.5 times interest coverage ratio. The leverage and interest coverage ratios are triggered if we achieve 50 million in adjusted EBITDA over a trailing twelve-month period, or upon our election if we have achieved positive adjusted EBITDA over a trailing twelve-month period. Once the leverage and interest coverage ratios are triggered the minimum liquidity limit will not be applicable. Minimum liquidity includes unrestricted cash plus the undrawn balance of the revolving credit facility. We were not in compliance with the minimum liquidity covenant as of December 31, 2023, which was the only financial condition covenant applicable to us at that date. As a result, we are currently unable to borrow under the Credit Facility. 
 We had no debt outstanding under our Credit Facility at December 31, 2023 and 2022. At December 31, 2023, we did have 1.9 million of letters of credit outstanding that were issued under the Credit Facility, resulting in unused and currently unavailable borrowing capacity at that date of 98.1 million. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported revenue and expenses during the period. Estimates are used for calculating the measure of progress of our solar tracker projects and deriving the standalone selling prices of the individual performance obligations when determining amounts to recognize for revenue, estimating allowances for credit losses and slow-moving and obsolete inventory, determining useful lives of long-lived assets and the estimated fair value of those assets for impairment assessments, and estimating the fair value of investments, stock compensation awards, warranty liabilities and federal and state taxes, including tax valuation allowances, as well as other contingencies. We base our estimates on historical experience and anticipated results, trends, and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, including assumptions as to future events. Actual results could differ from those estimates due to risks and uncertainties. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. Critical accounting policies and estimates are those that we consider the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations because they require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 We believe that the accounting policies described below involve a significant degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, we believe these are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. For further information, see Note 2 "Summary of significant accounting policies" included in our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Revenue recognition 
 Our accounting policy on revenue recognition may be found in Note 2, "Summary of significant accounting policies" in our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Judgments and assumptions 
 The timing and amounts of revenue and cost of revenue recognition, as well as recording of related receivables and deferred revenue, is highly dependent on our identification of performance obligations in each contract and our estimates by contract of total project cost and our progress toward project completion as of each period end. Certain estimates are subject to factors outside of our control that may impact our suppliers and the global supply chain. As an example, we began to experience increases in steel prices and shipping and logistics costs, as well as delays in delivery of our products to customers during 2021, which negatively impacted our results of operations as we were not able to recover all of the additional costs under certain of our fixed fee contracts. In addition, regulatory, tariff and import concerns such as those caused by the UFLPA and the Solar Circumvention Investigation have in the past, and may continue to, affect our ability to obtain project materials and may delay the timing of customer project activity which has had in the past, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our results of operations, including the expected timing of the recognition of revenue needed to cover our relatively fixed overhead costs. We base our estimates on the best information available at each period end, but future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, and actual results could differ materially from our assumptions and estimates. 
 52 

Accounts receivable, net 
 Our accounting policy relating to our accounts receivable and allowance for credit losses may be found in Note 2, "Summary of significant accounting policies" in our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 We adopted Accounting Standard Update ("ASU") No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments effective January 1, 2023. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we utilized the incurred loss model in estimating our allowance for doubtful accounts. 
 Judgments and assumptions 
 The allowance for credit losses is based on the lifetime expected credit loss of our customer accounts. To assess the lifetime expected credit loss, we utilize a loss rate method that takes into consideration historical experience and certain other factors, as appropriate, such as credit quality and current economic or other conditions that may affect a customer's ability to pay. This method accelerates the recognition of expected credit losses as compared to the incurred loss model used in 2022 and 2021 and may result in material differences between our estimates and actual collection results. We may also have greater fluctuations in our credit loss expense over time based on changes in our historical experience or changes in estimates of future economic conditions which may not adequately reflect future actual customer payment activity. 
 Adjustments to our allowance for doubtful accounts in 2022 and 2021 were made through bad debt expense when changes in customer credit risk or a customer's expected ability to pay amounts previously invoiced occurred and through write-off of uncollectible receivables. 
 As part of our regular periodic assessments of credit loss exposure, we recognized an additional 6.2 million of credit loss expense during 2023 as compared to bad debt expense recognized in 2022, primarily due to a specific customer. 
 Warranty 
 Our accounting policy relating to our warranty obligations may be found in Note 2, "Summary of significant accounting policies" in our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Judgments and assumptions 
 We base our estimated warranty obligations on available industry data relating to the nature and frequency of product failure rates and, where possible, on our historical experience, to make estimates of costs to address future claims. These estimates are inherently uncertain given our relatively short history of sales, and changes to our historical or projected warranty experience or fluctuations in available industry data may result in material changes to our warranty reserves in the future. Additionally, we make estimates of what costs we believe will be recoverable from the manufacturers of our products that we use to offset our obligations to our customers. 
 While we periodically monitor our warranty activities and claims, if actual costs incurred were to be different from our estimates, we would recognize adjustments to our warranty reserves in the period in which those differences arise or are identified. Such adjustments could be material to our results of operations in the period the adjustments are made. 
 Costs recognized for warranties issued during each of the three years ended December 31, 2023, as well as other activity in our warranty accruals, may be found in Note 13, "Accrued expenses and other current liabilities" in our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Our accounting policy relating to stock-based compensation may be found in Note 2, "Summary of significant accounting policies" in our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Judgments and assumptions 
 The Black-Scholes model relies on various assumptions, in addition to the exercise price of our options and the value of our common stock on the date of grant. These assumptions include: 
 Expected Term: The expected term represents the period that the Company s stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding and is calculated as the average of the option vesting and contractual terms, based on the simplified method, as we do not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term for options granted. The simplified method deems the term to be the average of the time-to-vesting and the contractual life of the options. The contractual life of an option may be up to 10 years. 
 53 

Expected Volatility: Since the Company did not have a trading history of its common stock prior to our IPO and since such trading history subsequent to our IPO is limited and may be less than the expected term of an award, the expected volatility is derived from the average historical stock volatilities of several public companies within the Company s industry that it considers to be comparable to its business over a period equivalent to the expected term of the stock option grants. 
 Risk-Free-Interest-Rate: The Company bases the risk-free interest rate on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equivalent to the expected term. 
 Expected Dividend: The Company has not issued any dividends in its history and does not expect to issue dividends over the life of the options and, therefore, has estimated the dividend yield to be zero. 
 We used Monte Carlo simulations for certain awards granted with market conditions which provided an estimated average present value for each award based on a simulation assuming Geometric Brownian Motion in a risk-neutral framework using 100,000 simulation paths to determine the derived service and vesting periods. 
 Our use of the simplified method for estimating the expected outstanding term our options may differ significantly from future actual exercise patterns of our option holders. Estimates of the outstanding term our options that are less than the actual exercise patterns of our option holders, may result in lower recognized expense. Alternatively, our recognized expense may be higher if our option holders exercise their options sooner than our estimates project. 
 Similarly, our use of a volatility estimate based on historical stock volatilities of a peer group of other public companies may differ significantly from the actual future volatility of our stock over the term options are held. Higher estimated volatility compared to future actual results may result in higher recognized expense and alternatively, lower expected volatility compared to future actual results may result in lower recognized expense. 
 Changes to any of any of our assumptions, but particularly our estimates of expected term and volatility, could change the fair value of our options and impact the amount of stock-based compensation expense we report each period. 
 Impairment 
 Our accounting policies relating to impairment of our long-lived assets held for use, including intangible assets, and of goodwill may be found in Note 2, "Summary of significant accounting policies" in our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Judgments and assumptions 
 Key judgments and assumptions involving our assessment of impairment of our long-lived and intangible assets, as well as goodwill, may include: 
 Determination of whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our long-lived and intangible assets or goodwill might be impaired. Such factors to consider may include an evaluation of changes in the business or regulatory climate, market conditions or other events impacting our operations; 

Estimating future cash flows of our long-lived assets or asset groups and intangible assets, which may involve assumptions as to the lowest level of our assets at which cash flows are generated, including future growth and risk-adjusted discount rates, as well as a terminal growth rate or value and future market conditions; 

Estimates of assumptions a market participant would use in determining the fair value of the affected long-lived and intangible assets or asset groups; and 

Estimating the fair value of the consolidated company. 

In estimating the fair value of the consolidated company, we used our market capitalization based on our closing stock price on the Nasdaq Global Market at December 31, 2023. Our daily closing stock price is affected by numerous factors, some of which may not directly involve the operations of the company, and, historically, has demonstrated high volatility. 
 Other than writing off certain prepaid costs relating to a contract termination with a related party and deferred costs relating to uncompleted transactions, we did not identify any impairments of our long-lived assets, intangible assets or goodwill during the three-year period ended December 31, 2023. 
 JOBS Act accounting election 
 54 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We elected to use the allowed extended transition period for adopting new or revised accounting standards. 
 
 55 

Ite m 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Fair value of financial instruments 
 Our financial instruments consist of cash, cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and debt obligations, if any. Cash, cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable are stated at their carrying value, which approximates fair value due to the short time to the expected receipt or payment date. The carrying values of debt obligations bearing variable rates of interest, if any, are also considered to approximate fair value due to applicable interest rates resetting to market rates periodically. The fair value of our fixed-rate debt obligations, if any, will be impacted by changes in market rates for similar debt subsequent to our initial borrowings. 
 We had 25.2 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand, the vast majority of which was located in the United States, and no debt outstanding at December 31, 2023. 
 We have no other financial instruments at December 31, 2023 and 2022, other than certain non-functional currency intercompany and third-party receivables and payables, which are subject to foreign exchange, interest rate or market risks. 
 Concentrations of major customers 
 Our customers include project developers, solar asset owners and EPC contractors that design and build solar energy projects. We do not require collateral on our accounts receivables. 
 At December 31, 2023, four customers accounted for approximately 42 , 20 , 13 and 11 , respectively, of our total accounts receivable. At December 31, 2022, three customers accounted for approximately 55 , 15 , and 12 , respectively, of our total accounts receivable. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, four customers accounted for approximately 23 , 19 , 17 and 13 , respectively, of total revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2022, three customers accounted for approximately 23 , 20 and 11 , respectively, of total revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2021, three customers accounted for approximately 37 , 20 and 15 , respectively, of total revenue. 
 Further, our accounts receivables are from companies within or serving the solar industry and, as such, we are exposed to normal industry credit risks. We continually evaluate our reserves for potential credit losses and establish reserves for such losses. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 We subcontract to various contract manufacturers, who manufacture and deliver products directly to our customers. We, therefore, do not procure raw materials and commodities directly. We are subject to indirect risk from fluctuating market prices of certain commodity raw materials, including steel and aluminum, which are used in our products, through our contract manufacturers, as increases in these commodity prices would increase our cost of procuring subcontracting services. Prices of these raw materials may be affected by supply restrictions or other market factors from time to time. Significant price increases for these raw materials could reduce our operating margins if we are unable to recover such increases in costs from our customers, and could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

56 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - current (PCAOB ID 
 58 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - predecessor (PCAOB ID 
 59 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 60 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 61 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 62 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 63 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 64 

Note 1. Description of business 
 64 

Note 2. Summary of significant accounting policies 
 64 

Note 3. Equity method investment 
 74 

Note 4. Reduction in force 
 74 

Note 5. ATM program 
 75 

Note 6. Accounts receivable, net 
 75 

Note 7. Inventories, net 
 76 

Note 8. Prepaid and other current assets 
 76 

Note 9. Leases 
 77 

Note 10. Property and equipment, net 
 77 

Note 11. Intangible assets, net and goodwill 
 78 

Note 12. Debt 
 78 

Note 13. Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 79 

Note 14. Income taxes 
 80 

Note 15. Commitments and contingencies 
 82 

Note 16. Stockholders' equity 
 83 

Note 17. Stock compensation and other employee benefit plans 
 84 

Note 18. Related party transactions 
 86 

Note 19. Net loss per share 
 87 

Note 20. Fair value measurements 
 88 

Note 21. Sale of investment in unconsolidated subsidiary 
 88 

Note 22. Geographic and customer concentrations 
 89 

57 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 FTC Solar, Inc. 
 Austin, Texas 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of FTC Solar, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2023, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. 

March 15, 2024 

58 

R ep ort of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of FTC Solar, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the consolidated balance sheet of FTC Solar, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, of changes in stockholders' equity and of cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Emphasis of Matter 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred cumulative losses since inception and has a history of cash outflows from operations. Management s evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans to mitigate these matters are also described in Note 2. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 We served as the Company s auditor from 2020 to 2023. 

59 

FTC Solar, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(in thousands, except shares and per share data) 
 
 December 31, 2023 

December 31, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Equity method investment 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Deferred revenue 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 15 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock par value of per share, shares authorized; issued as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 

Common stock par value of per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 

Treasury stock, at cost; shares as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

60 

FTC Solar, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statemen t s of Comprehensive Loss 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands, except shares and per share data) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Revenue: 

Product 

Service 

Total revenue 

Cost of revenue: 

Product 

Service 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross profit (loss) 

() 

() 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 

Selling and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Interest expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

Gain from disposal of investment in unconsolidated subsidiary 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

Other expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

Loss from unconsolidated subsidiary 

() 

() 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

(Provision for) benefit from income taxes 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share: 

Basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 61 

FTC Solar, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cha nges in Stockholders' Equity 

Preferred stock 

Common stock 

Treasury stock 

(in thousands, except shares) 
 
 Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Additional paid-In capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Shares issued during the period for vested restricted stock awards 

Acquisition of treasury stock 

() 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Repurchase and retirement of common stock held by related parties 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock in connection with IPO 

Impact of stock split 

() 

Deferred offering costs 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

() 

Shares issued during the period for vested restricted stock awards 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Shares issued for HX Tracker acquisition 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

Shares issued during the period for vested restricted stock awards 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Shares issued for legal settlement 

Sale of shares 

Stock offering costs 

() 

() 

Shares acquired and retired 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2023 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

FTC Solar, Inc. 
 Consolidated Stat ements of Cash Flows 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

(Gain) loss from sale of property and equipment 

() 

Amortization of debt issue costs 

Provision for litigation settlement 

Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventory 

Loss from unconsolidated subsidiary 

Gain from disposal of investment in unconsolidated subsidiary 

() 

() 

() 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

() 

Warranty and remediation provisions 

Warranty recoverable from manufacturer 

() 

() 

Credit losses and bad debt expense (credit) 

() 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

Lease expense and other 

Impact on cash from changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

Prepaid and other current assets 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

() 

Accruals and other current liabilities 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

() 

Other non-current liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Lease payments and other, net 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in operations 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

Equity method investment in Alpha Steel 

() 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

() 

Proceeds from disposal of investment in unconsolidated subsidiary 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repayments of borrowings 

() 

Repurchase and retirement of common stock held by related parties 

() 

Sale of common stock 

Stock offering costs paid 

() 

() 

Proceeds from stock issuance 

Proceeds from stock option exercises 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Purchases of property and equipment included in ending accounts payable and accruals 

Stock issued for accrued legal settlement 

Right-of-use asset and lease liability recognition for new leases 

Cash paid during the period for third party interest 

Cash paid during the period for related party interest 

Cash paid during the period for taxes, net of refunds 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 63 

FTC Solar, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidat ed Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2023 

million in cash utilized for our operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, we had million of cash on hand, million of working capital and approximately million of remaining capacity available for future sales of our common stock under our ATM program as defined and described further in Note 5 below. There can be no assurance that we will be able to sell any additional shares of our common stock under the ATM program and no assurance regarding the price at which we will be able to sell such shares, and any sales of our common stock under the ATM program may be at prices that result in additional dilution to our existing stockholders. On December 22, 2023, we received notification from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq that we were not in compliance with the requirement to maintain a minimum closing bid price of per share, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1), because the closing bid price of the Company s common stock was below per share for consecutive business days. The notification does not impact the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market at this time. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we have a period of 180 calendar days from the date of notification, or until June 19, 2024, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. During this period, our common stock will continue to trade on the Nasdaq Global Market. per share for a minimum of consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide written notification that we have achieved compliance with this minimum bid price requirement. In the event we do not regain compliance by June 19, 2024, we may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day compliance period to demonstrate compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. To qualify for the additional 180-day period, we may be required to meet the continued listing requirements for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards (with the exception of the bid price requirement) and transfer our listing to the Nasdaq Capital Market. In addition, we will need to provide written notice to Nasdaq of our intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. If we do not qualify for the second compliance period or fail to regain compliance during the second 180-day period, then Nasdaq will notify us that our common stock is subject to delisting. As of December 31, 2023, we were not in compliance with the minimum liquidity covenant in our existing Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility (the "Credit Facility") which currently prevents us from borrowing under the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility will terminate on April 30, 2024, unless earlier extended or replaced. Also, as of December 31, 2023 , we had a material contractual obligation that could require us to make additional capital contributions of up to million to Alpha Steel , as described further in Note 3, "Equity method investment". The most notable incentive program impacting our U.S. business has historically been the investment tax credit ("ITC") for solar energy projects, which allows taxpayers to offset their U.S. federal income tax liability by a certain percentage of their cost basis in solar energy systems placed in service for commercial use. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, passed by the U.S. Congress and signed into law by President Biden on August 16, 2022, expanded and extended the tax credits and other tax benefits available to solar energy projects and the solar energy supply chain. ITCs have been extended for such projects through at least 2032 and, depending on the location of a particular project and its ability to satisfy certain labor and domestic content requirements, the ITC percentage can range between and . U.S. manufacturers of specific solar components are now eligible to claim production tax credits as an alternative to the ITC. Implementing regulations for this law are, in certain cases, still being finalized and the impact of these regulations continue to be evaluated by developers of new solar projects and manufacturers of solar components. Our investment in and commitments made to Alpha Steel will allow us to obtain certain benefits as a result of this new production tax credit program. We have taken steps to expand and diversify our manufacturing partnerships and have adjusted our modes of transportation to mitigate the impact of headwinds that might arise in the global supply chain and logistics markets. As an example, we modified our ocean freight from previously using charter shipments to now using containerized shipments as costs in the container market began to decrease in 2022 after having risen at the beginning of the COVID 19 pandemic. We continue to monitor the logistics markets and will continue to evaluate our use of various modes of transportation when warranted to optimize our transportation costs. Additionally, from February 2022 to September 2023, we utilized a related-party consulting firm to support us in making improvements to our processes and performance in various areas, including design, sourcing, logistics, pricing, software and our distributed generation business. For further information regarding this consulting firm, see "Note 18. Related party transactions" below. We also took steps in 2022 and 2023, and continue to evaluate our opportunities in 2024, to address existing market challenges, our cost structure and our historical use of cash. Further, we recently launched Pioneer, a 1P solar tracker solution, and introduced a new mounting solution to support the installation and use of U.S.-manufactured thin-film modules. Additionally, as noted above, we have seen improvements in the logistics markets and easing of supply chain constraints beginning in 2022. These factors have contributed to us having positive gross profit during each quarter in 2023, a first since our IPO in April 2021. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 205-40, Going Concern, we have evaluated whether there are conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, which raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date our consolidated financial statements are issued. Management believes that our existing cash on hand, as well as the continuing impact of certain of the actions described above and our expectations of (i) improved market conditions, (ii) the expected timing of customer project activity, including activity related to certain large project awards received in 2023, and (iii) positive results from our efforts to increase gross margins, will allow us to grow profitably and generate positive cash flow from operations during the next twelve months in amounts that will be sufficient, along with our other available resources such as our existing working capital and remaining capacity available for future sales of our common stock under our ATM program, to fund our operations for at least one year from the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements. While there are already many underlying drivers of growth in the solar industry, the expected positive impact on demand for our products, or the timing of construction activity by existing customers and solar project developers, could take longer than expected to occur. In addition, domestic and international market conditions could deteriorate significantly from what we currently expect, and regulatory and international trade policies could become more stringent as a result of (i) findings from the Solar Circumvention Investigation, (ii) CBP's enforcement of the UFLPA, and (iii) other factors, which may result in a need for us to issue additional debt or obtain new equity financing to adequately fund our existing operations beyond the next twelve months. We continue to actively explore options to obtain additional sources of capital through the issuance of new debt, asset financing or other potential measures for our longer-term needs. However, we may be unable to obtain any desired additional financing on terms favorable to us, or at all, depending on market and other conditions, which could result in curtailment of our current operations and our ability to further invest in our products and new technology. The ability to raise additional financing depends on numerous factors, some of which that are outside of our control, including macroeconomic factors such as the impact of inflation, the level of interest rates, supply chain or other effects from the ongoing conflicts in the Ukraine and the Middle East, general market conditions, the health of financial institutions (including the recent bankruptcy of certain regional banks and related impacts that have occurred and continue to occur in the banking industry), investors' and lenders' assessments of our prospects and the prospects of the solar industry in general and the ability of our common stock to continue to trade in active markets. 

restricted cash balances at either December 31, 2023 or December 31, 2022 . 

Depreciation 

Field equipment 

Information technology equipment 

Tooling 

Capitalized software 

Imp airment 
 We review our long-lived assets that are held for use for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable or that its useful life may be shorter than previously expected. If such impairment indicators are present or other factors exist that indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable, we determine whether an impairment has occurred through the use of an undiscounted cash flow analysis of the asset at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows exist. If an impairment has occurred, we recognize a loss for the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the asset, which in most cases is estimated based upon Level 3 unobservable inputs. If the asset is determined to have a remaining useful life shorter than previously expected, an adjustment for the shorter remaining life will be made for purposes of recognizing future depreciation expense. Assets are classified as held for sale when we have a plan, approved by the appropriate levels of management, for disposal of such assets, as well as other considerations, and those assets are stated at the lower of carrying value or estimated fair value less estimated costs to sell. 
 - years, using the straight-line method. Costs incurred to renew or extend the term of a recognized intangible asset, if any, are expensed as incurred. We evaluate intangible assets for impairment using the method described above under "Impairment". 
 impairment of our goodwill as of December 31, 2023 . 
 reviewing an equity method investment for impairment include the length of time and the extent to which the fair value of the equity method investment has been less than its cost, the investee s financial condition and near-term prospects and the intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for anticipated recovery. An impairment that is other-than temporary is recognized in the period identified. We made an accounting policy election that, upon the sale of our equity method investments, we will recognize contractual contingent gains arising from earnout provisions and project escrow releases when such amounts are realizable in periods subsequent to the disposal date. 
 
 . We also accrue for costs relating to remediation efforts involving product issues we believe require correction. We record a provision for estimated warranty and remediation expenses in cost of sales, net of amounts recoverable from manufacturers under their warranty obligations to us. When historical claims information relating to our equipment is not sufficient, we will base our estimates on industry studies involving the nature and frequency of product failure rates for similar parts used by our competitors, as well as other related businesses. We do not maintain general or unspecified reserves; all warranty reserves are related to specific projects. All actual or estimated material costs incurred for warranty or remediation services in subsequent periods are charged to those established reserves. While we periodically monitor our warranty activities and claims, if actual costs incurred were to be different from our estimates, we would recognize adjustments to our warranty reserves in the period in which those differences arise or are identified. 
 . Expected Volatility: Since the Company did not have a trading history of its common stock prior to our IPO and since such trading history subsequent to our IPO is limited and may be less than the expected term of an award, the expected volatility is derived from the average historical stock volatilities of several public companies within the Company s industry that it considers to be comparable to its business over a period equivalent to the expected term of the stock option grants. Risk-Free-Interest-Rate: The Company bases the risk-free interest rate on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equivalent to the expected term. Expected Dividend: The Company has not issued any dividends in its history and does not expect to issue dividends over the life of the options and, therefore, has estimated the dividend yield to be zero. Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. For service-based awards, stock-based compensation is recognized using the straight-line attribution approach over the requisite service period. For performance-based awards, stock-based compensation is recognized based on graded vesting over the requisite service period when the performance condition is probable of being achieved. Stock compensation expense for market-based awards is recognized over the derived service period determined in the valuation model, inclusive of any vesting conditions. 

and consists of subscription fees from the licensing of subscription services. Our hosted on-demand service arrangements do not provide customers with the right to take possession of the software supporting the hosted services. Support services include ongoing security updates, upgrades, bug fixes, and maintenance. We recognize revenue when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services by following a five-step process: (1) identify the contract with a customer, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determine the transaction price, (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (5) recognize revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation, as further described below. Identify the contract with a customer: A contract with a customer exists when (i) the Company enters into an enforceable contract with a customer that defines each party s rights regarding the products and services to be transferred and identifies the payment terms related to these products and services, (ii) the contract has commercial substance, and (iii) the Company determines that collection of substantially all consideration for products and services that are transferred is probable based on the customer s intent and ability to pay the promised consideration. In assessing the recognition of revenue, we also evaluate whether two or more contracts should be combined and accounted for as one contract and if the combined or single contract should be accounted for as multiple performance obligations which could change the amount of revenue and profit (loss) recorded in a period. Change orders may include changes in specifications or design, manner of performance, equipment, materials, scope of work, and/or the period of completion of the project. We analyze change orders to determine if they should be accounted for as a modification to an existing contract or a new stand-alone contract. Contracts we enter into with our customers for sale of solar tracker systems are generally under two different types of arrangements: (1) purchase agreements and equipment supply contracts Purchase Agreements ), and (2) sale of individual parts for those systems. Change orders from our customers are generally modifications to existing contracts and are included in the total estimated contract revenue when it is probable that the change order will result in additional value that can be reliably estimated and realized. Identify the performance obligations in the contract: We enter into contracts that can include various combinations of products and services, which are either capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations or as one performance obligation since the majority of tasks and services are part of a single project or capability. However, determining whether products or services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may sometimes require significant judgment. Our Purchase Agreements typically include two performance obligations: 1) our solar tracker systems or customized components of those systems, and 2) shipping and handling services. The deliverables included as part of our solar tracker systems are predominantly accounted for as one performance obligation, as these deliverables are part of a combined promise to deliver a project. The revenue for shipping and handling services will be recognized over time based on progress in meeting shipping terms of the arrangements, as this faithfully depicts the Company s performance in transferring control. Revenue for stand-alone engineering consulting and pile testing services is recognized at a point in time upon completion of the services performed. Sales of individual parts of our solar tracker systems for certain specific transactions include multiple performance obligations consisting of individual parts of those systems. Revenue is recognized for parts sales at a point in time when the obligations under the terms of the contract with our customer are satisfied. Generally, this occurs with the transfer of control of the asset, which is in line with shipping terms. Determine the transaction price: The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which we will be entitled in exchange for transferring services to the customer. Such amounts are typically stated in the customer contract, and to the extent that we identify variable consideration, we will estimate the variable consideration at the onset of the arrangement as long as it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. The majority of our contracts do not contain variable consideration provisions as a continuation of the original contract. None of our contracts contain a significant financing component. Taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are not included in revenue. Allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract: Once we have determined the transaction price, we allocate the total transaction price to each performance obligation in a manner depicting the amount of consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for transferring the good(s) or service(s) to the customer. We allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation identified in the contract on a relative standalone selling price basis. We use the expected cost-plus margin approach based on hardware, labor, and related overhead cost to estimate the standalone selling price of our solar tracker systems, customized components of those systems, and individual parts for certain specific transactions. We also use the expected cost-plus margin approach based on expected third-party shipping and transportation costs to estimate the standalone selling price of our shipping, handling and logistics performance obligations. We use the adjusted market assessment approach for all other performance obligations. Recognize revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation : For each performance obligation identified, we determine at contract inception whether we satisfy the performance obligation over time or at a point in time. The performance obligations in the contracts for our solar tracker systems and customized components of those systems are satisfied over time as work progresses, utilizing an input measure of progress determined by cost-to-cost measures on these projects as this faithfully depicts our performance in transferring control. Additionally, our performance does not create an asset with an alternative use, due to the highly customized nature of the product, and we have an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. Our performance obligations for individual part sales for certain specific transactions are recognized at a point in time as and when control transfers based on the Incoterms for the contract. Our performance obligations for engineering consulting and pile testing services are recognized at a point in time upon completion of the services. Our performance obligations for term-based software licenses are recognized at a point in time as and when control transfers, either upon delivery to the customer or the software license start date, whichever is later. Our performance obligations for shipping and handling services are satisfied over time as the services are delivered over the term of the contract. We recognize revenue for subscription and other services on a straight-line basis over the contract period. With regard to support revenue, a time-elapsed method is used to measure progress because we transfer control evenly over the contractual period. Accordingly, the fixed consideration related to support revenue is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract term. Contract assets and liabilities: The timing of revenue recognition, billing, and cash collection results in the recognition of accounts receivable, unbilled receivables for revenue recognized in excess of billings, and deferred revenue in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We have elected to use the practical expedient of expensing incremental costs of obtaining a contract as incurred since the majority of the performance obligations in our contracts are satisfied in less than one year. We may receive advances or deposits from our customers before revenue is recognized, resulting in contract liabilities, which are reflected as deferred revenue in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Customer deposits are short term as the related performance obligations are typically fulfilled within 12 months. Changes in deferred revenue relate to fluctuations in the timing of customer deposits and completion of performance obligations. Revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2023 from amounts included in deferred revenue at December 31, 2022 totaled million . Revenue recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 from amounts included in deferred revenue at the end of each respective prior year period was not materially different than the prior year end deferred revenue balances applicable to those periods. Cost of revenue consists primarily of costs related to raw materials, equipment manufacturing activities, freight and delivery, product warranty, remediation and personnel costs (salaries, bonuses, benefits, and stock-based compensation). Personnel costs in cost of revenue include both direct labor costs, as well as costs attributable to any individuals whose activities relate to the procurement, installment and delivery of the finished product and services. Cost of revenue owed but not yet paid is recorded as accrued cost of revenue. Deferred cost of revenue results from the timing differences between the costs incurred in advance of the satisfaction of all revenue recognition criteria consistent with our revenue recognition policy. 

We extend credit to customers in the normal course of business, often without requiring collateral. We also perform credit analyses and monitor the financial health of our customers to reduce credit risk. Our accounts receivables are derived from revenue earned from customers primarily located in the United States, Australia and in the Asia Pacific region. No countries other than the United States and Australia account for or more of our revenue. Most of our customers are p roject developers, solar asset owners and engineering, procurement and construction EPC contractors that design and build solar energy projects. Often times, as discussed further in "Note 6. Accounts receivable, net " below, a small number of customers account for a significant portion of our revenue for each period and our outstanding receivables at each period end. 
 
 In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09 - Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ("ASU 2023-09"). ASU 2023-09 requires companies to disclose (i) additional categories of information about federal, state and foreign income taxes above a quantitative threshold in their rate reconciliation table and (ii) income taxes paid, net of refunds, disaggregated by federal, state and foreign taxes for annual periods, as well as other disclosure changes. As an emerging growth company, we are not required to adopt ASU 2023-09 prior to 2026, although earlier adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2023-09 on our existing income tax disclosures. Other standards that have been issued but not yet adopted as of December 31, 2023 , are either not applicable to us or are not expected to have any material impact upon adoption. 

. Alpha Steel is intended to enhance our domestic supply chain, our ability to support our customers and the growth of the U.S. solar market, with domestic manufacturing utilizing U.S. steel. We have a interest in Alpha Steel, which is accounted for under the equity method of accounting as we are not the primary beneficiary in the operations of this entity as a result of our variable interest. Taihua has a interest in Alpha Steel and DAYV LLC, an entity owned by members of the Board of Managers of Alpha Steel and a related party with the parent company of Taihua, has a interest in Alpha Steel. The Chief Executive Officer of Taihua is the General Manager of Alpha Steel. We have equal voting representation with Taihua and DAYV LLC, combined, on Alpha Steel's Board of Managers which will be responsible, through majority vote, for making certain "major decisions" involving Alpha Steel, as specified in the LLC Agreement, including, among other things, approval of an annual business plan. As of December 31, 2023 , we have made a required initial capital contribution to Alpha Steel of million. Pursuant to the LLC Agreement, we could be required to make up to million in additional capital contributions as Alpha Steel expands production. We recognized a loss of million from this unconsolidated subsidiary during the year ended December 31, 2023, reflecting our share of Alpha Steel's net operating losses incurred to date. In connection with the creation of Alpha Steel, we also entered into a three-year equipment supply agreement (the "Supply Agreement") with Alpha Steel, the terms of which will apply to our equipment purchase orders. . In the event we fail to meet our minimum required purchase commitments in any annual period, we may be required to make a cash payment for the net profit attributable to any unfilled requirements, calculated as specified in the agreement, in an amount not to exceed million in the aggregate. The Supply Agreement may be terminated early in accordance with its provisions or may be extended beyond the initial term if mutually agreed to by the parties. At December 31, 2023, we were contingently liable for unpaid vendor obligations, including issued but unsatisfied purchase orders, of Alpha Steel totaling approximately million . We expect Alpha Steel will be able to satisfy these obligations with financial resources available to them in the normal course of operations. 

employees, including certain members of our executive leadership team, or approximately of our existing headcount at that time. Also, in November 2023, we announced that certain other members of our executive leadership team, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our then Chief Financial Officer, would step down from their positions and depart the Company, effective in December 2023. Additionally, in December 2022, we implemented a reduction in force impacting employees, or approximately of our then existing workforce, in order to align our cost structure with our strategic and financial objectives and expected market conditions at that time. In connection with these events, 

Research and development 

Selling and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total 

At December 31, 2023 and 2022, we had accruals totaling approximately million and million , respectively, relating to payments still to be made to our former employees. The majority of the remaining liability will be paid in 2024. Payments made to former employees for the year ended December 31, 2023 was approximately million . Payments made during year ended December 31, 2022 were not material. 

million in "at the money" offerings (the "ATM program"). We have and intend to continue to use the net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including working capital and operating expenses. We may also use a portion of such proceeds to acquire or invest in businesses, products, services or technologies. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC served as our initial sales agent under the EDA until August 9, 2023, when that role was assumed by Barclays Capital Inc. ("Barclays") pursuant to an amendment to the EDA. The offering of our common stock under the EDA will terminate upon the earlier of (1) the sale of all common stock subject to the EDA or (2) the termination of the EDA by us or by Barclays as permitted therein. The EDA contains customary representations, covenants and indemnification provisions. Under the ATM program, we sold shares of newly issued common stock valued at million (for proceeds, net of commissions and fees, of approximately million ), during the year ended December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, approximately million of capacity remained for future sales of our common stock under the ATM program. Such future sales are dependent on the current price of our common stock and the continued ability of our stock to trade in active public markets. 

Related party receivables 

Revenue recognized in excess of billings 

Other receivables 

Total 

Allowance for credit losses 

() 

() 

Accounts receivable, net 

Information about our related party receivables at December 31, 2023, may be found below in Note 18, "Related party transactions". We bill our customers for contracted amounts in accordance with agreed-upon contractual terms, which generally coincide with achievement of specified milestones on a project, such as completion of engineering, shipment, delivery or commissioning. Changes in our revenue recognized in excess of billings relate to fluctuations in the timing of billings in relation to the amount of revenue recognized over time as work progresses. Included in total receivables above are amounts billed under retainage provisions totaling million and million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which are due within the upcoming year. At December 31, 2023 , customers accounted for approximately , , and , respectively, of our total accounts receivable. At December 31, 2022, customers accounted for approximately , , and , respectively, of our total accounts receivable. 

Impact of adoption of ASU 2016-13, effective January 1, 2023 

N/A 

N/A 

Additions charged to earnings during the period 

Write-offs of uncollectible accounts 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period 

Allowance for slow-moving and obsolete inventory 

() 

() 

Total 

Additions charged to earnings 

Write-offs of obsolete inventory 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid taxes 

Deferred cost of revenue 

Surety collateral 

Other current assets 

Total 

At December 31, 2023, other current assets included million of (i) (ii) 

in establishing our operating lease ROU assets and liabilities at lease inception. At December 31, 2023, our weighted average remaining lease term for our operating leases was approximately years. 

Short-term lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Reported in: 

Cost of revenue 

Research and development 

Selling and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total lease cost 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of operating lease liability 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

Field equipment 

Information technology equipment 

Tooling 

Capitalized software 

Total 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Capitalized software depreciation 

Total depreciation expense 

Total 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Intangible assets, net 

On January 13, 2017, we entered into an asset purchase agreement with SunEdison Utility Holdings, Inc. ("Seller") to purchase all assets and liabilities of the Seller. The assets purchased as part of this acquisition included million of developed technology in the form of software tools for the AP90 tracker, a first-generation tracker based on a 1P linked-row design. The developed technology for the AP90 tracker was amortized over a -year period and is now fully amortized. We acquired the outstanding stock of HX Tracker on June 14, 2022. In connection with that acquisition, we identified nearly million of developed technology in connection with the Helios 1P tracker system. We are amortizing this developed technology over a -year period on a straight-line basis. Amortization expense recognized for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, totaled million and million, respectively. amortization expense was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021. Amortization expense for the year ending December 31, 2024, will be approximately million. 

Acquisition of HX Tracker 

Acquisition of pile testing and equipment installation business 

Translation 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period 

term expiring April 30, 2024 and is secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of our assets, subject to certain exclusions, and customary guarantees. The Credit Facility, as amended, includes the following terms: (i) aggregate commitments of up to million, (ii) borrowings bearing interest at (a) a secured overnight financing rate ("Term SOFR"), plus per annum, or (b) an alternate base rate ("ABR") equal to the highest of (x) the Prime Rate, (y) the Federal Funds Rate, plus , or (z) Term SOFR plus , (iii) initial commitment fees of per annum; (iv) initial letter of credit fees of per annum; and (v) other customary terms for a corporate revolving credit facility. The Credit Facility also includes the following financial condition covenants that we are required to satisfy: (i) maintain a minimum liquidity limit of million on the last business day of a quarter; (ii) maintain a times leverage ratio; and (iii) maintain a times interest coverage ratio. The leverage and interest coverage ratios are triggered if we achieve million in adjusted EBITDA over a trailing twelve-month period, or upon our election if we have achieved positive adjusted EBITDA over a trailing twelve-month period. Once the leverage and interest coverage ratios are triggered the minimum liquidity limit will not be applicable. Minimum liquidity includes unrestricted cash plus the undrawn balance of the revolving credit facility. We were not in compliance with the minimum liquidity covenant as of December 31, 2023, which was the only financial condition covenant applicable to us at that date. As a result, we are currently unable to borrow under the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility also provides for certain restrictions on dividend payments. We have not made any draws on the Credit Facility; however, we have million of outstanding letters of credit resulting in unused and currently unavailable borrowing capacity of million at December 31, 2023. We incurred million of costs relating to establishment of the Credit Facility, of which million remains unamortized and is included in "Other assets" in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. We incurred interest expense totaling million , million , and million during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for commitment and letter of credit fees, as well as amortization of costs relating to the establishment of the Credit Facility. On April 30, 2020, we received a Paycheck Protection Program PPP loan pursuant to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act) in the amount of million. The PPP loan had a term and a fixed interest rate of . Under the terms of the CARES act, the PPP loan was eligible for forgiveness, in part or whole, if the proceeds were used to retain and pay employees and for other qualifying expenditures. On January 20, 2021, the Company received notification from the Small Business Administration that they approved the forgiveness of the full million PPP loan. The Company recorded the forgiveness of the PPP loan as a gain on extinguishment of debt in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss during the year ended December 31, 2021. On June 17, 2019, the Company entered into a revolving line of credit agreement with Western Alliance Bank for a total principal amount of million, which was to mature from the date of borrowing. The line of credit had a variable rate of interest, based on the prime rate as published in the Wall Street Journal, and required monthly interest payments. The prime rate at the time of borrowing was at per annum. The outstanding balance of million was paid in full, and the revolving credit line was closed in 2021. 

Related party accrued cost of revenue 

Accrued compensation 

Other accrued expenses 

Total accrued expenses 

Warranty reserves 

Current portion of operating lease liability 

Non-federal tax obligations 

Total other current liabilities 

Information about our related party accrued cost of revenue at December 31, 2023, may be found below in Note 18, "Related party transactions". At December 31, 2022, we had accrued million for employee bonuses earned in the fourth quarter of 2022 that were settled in stock issued during the first quarter of 2023. This amount was reflected in accrued compensation in the table above as of December 31, 2022. There were similar amounts accrued at December 31, 2023. Other accrued expenses primarily include amounts due for (i) legal and other costs associated with outstanding legal matters and (ii) other professional services. 

Warranties issued and remediation added during the period 

Settlements made during the period 

() 

() 

() 

Changes in liability for pre-existing warranties 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period 

Warranty accruals are reported in: 

Other current liabilities 

Other non-current liabilities 

Balance at end of period 

() 

() 

Foreign income (loss) 

() 

() 

Total loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

State 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

Deferred - 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

() 

() 

Provisions for (benefits from) income taxes 

() 

Federal income tax benefit at statutory rate 

() 

() 

() 

State taxes, net of federal 

() 

() 

() 

Research and experimentation tax credit 

() 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

Stock compensation 

() 

() 

Section 162m limitation on executive compensation 

Deferred tax true ups 

() 

() 

State payable true ups 

() 

Permanent differences and other 

() 

Provisions for (benefits from) income taxes 

() 

Leases 

Accrued expenses 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Stock options 

R D credit carryforward 

Other 

Subtotal 

Less: valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Leases 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

The net change in the total valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2023, was an increase of million recorded through continuing operations. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2022, was an increase of million recorded through continuing operations. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, we considered whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. We considered the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, carryback potential, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of these factors and based upon the level of historical taxable losses, we believe it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize the benefits of these deductible differences at December 31, 2023. We have federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million at December 31, 2023. These loss carryforwards have an indefinite carryforward period. We also have state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million which begin to expire in 2034 . We have federal R D credit carryforwards of approximately million at December 31, 2023, which begin to expire in 2038 . Utilization of the Company's net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset federal taxable income may be subject to annual limitation due to changes in ownership, pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Sections 382 and 383. We are subject to U.S. federal income tax, as well as income tax in multiple state and foreign jurisdictions. The tax returns for years 2018 and beyond remain open for examination. As of December 31, 2023, the Company is not currently under audit by any taxing authority. 

Increase for tax positions related to the current period 

Increase for tax provisions related to prior periods 

Decrease for tax positions related to prior periods 

() 

Balance at end of period 

The unrecognized tax benefits would not impact the effective tax rate if recognized due to the valuation allowance. We do t anticipate a significant increase or decrease over the next twelve months in the unrecognized tax benefits reported above. As of December 31, 2023, and 2022 , we have t accrued any interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits. 

million. In September of 2023, CBP informed us (the "Revised 939 Assessment", and together with the 625 Assessment, the "Revised CBP Assessments") that the amount owed under the Original 939 Assessment was being revised downward to approximately million. or of the value of the merchandise, depending on tariff classification, as well as the antidumping and countervailing duties, previously assessed under the Original 939 Assessment are not applicable as they are only applicable to articles that originate in China and that, in this case, the finished goods are products of Thailand. Upon review of the facts involved, and in consultation with outside legal counsel, we believe that the remaining amounts claimed in the Revised CBP Assessments are incorrect. . Moreover, with respect to both Revised CBP Assessments, we believe that the goods in question were properly classified as parts of structures at the time of importation and that when properly classified, the beams and other materials are not subject to Section 232 duties applicable to more basic steel products. CBP has legally finalized both Revised CBP Assessments. We filed a formal protest for the 625 Assessment in September of 2023 and plan to do the same for the Revised 939 Assessment. Based on the above, and under the relevant accounting guidance related to loss contingencies, we have made no accrual for the amounts claimed by CBP as of December 31, 2023, as we do not consider these amounts to be a probable obligation, as such term is defined and interpreted under the relevant accounting guidance, for us at this time. However, because matters of this nature are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings or developments, including future assessments of additional duties or tariffs owed in respect of other shipments or other materials beyond what is presently included in the Revised CBP Assessments, could occur despite our belief that the tariffs and duties asserted are incorrect, there can be no certainty that the Company may not ultimately incur charges that are not currently recorded as liabilities. Since the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, the costs associated with them could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. 

million shares of preferred stock with a par value of with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2023, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Common stock The Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the Company to issue million shares of par value of common stock. Holders of our common stock are entitled to dividends, as and when declared by the board of directors, subject to the rights of the holders of all classes of stock outstanding having priority rights as to dividends. There have been dividends declared to date. The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock; provided that, except as otherwise required by law, holders of our common stock (in such capacity) shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of preferred stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation. On April 30, 2021, the Company closed on its IPO in which we issued and sold shares of our common stock at a public offering price of per share. We received aggregate proceeds of million from the IPO, net of approximately million in underwriting discount and commissions and before offering costs. The Company used million of net proceeds from the IPO to purchase and retire an aggregate of shares of our common stock, of which was a repurchase of common shares and shares were from the settlement of certain vested RSUs and common shares exercised from options in connection with the IPO. The Company used the remaining proceeds from the IPO for general corporate purposes, including working capital, operating expenses and acquisitions. Treasury stock On July 21, 2020, the Company s board of directors approved the acquisition of shares of common stock for an aggregate price of from founders of the Company. The acquisition of these shares was recorded as treasury stock on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2020, and the shares were added to the overall pool of stock available to be utilized for future option/stock award issuances to other employees of the organization. On January 8, 2021, the Company s board of directors approved the acquisition of shares of common stock for an aggregate price of from founders of the Company. The acquisition of these shares was recorded as treasury stock on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021, and the shares were added to the overall pool of stock available to be utilized for future option/stock award issuances to other employees of the organization. On April 5, 2021, the Company s board of directors approved the acquisition of shares of common stock for an aggregate price of from founders of the Company. The acquisition of these shares was recorded as treasury stock on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021, and the shares were added to the overall pool of stock available to be utilized for future option/stock award issuances to other employees of the organization. 

 , which will automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year prior to the tenth anniversary of the Plan's effective date in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on the day prior (December 31st), and (ii) a number of shares of common stock determined by the compensation committee of the Company's board of directors. Through December 31, 2023, an additional shares became available for issuance pursuant to the automatic increase provisions of the 2021 Plan, resulting in a total number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2021 Plan of . On July 1, 2022, we filed a registration statement on Form S-8 to register shares of common stock for issuance upon the settlement of RSUs and the exercise of stock options previously granted under the 2017 Plan that remain outstanding. No new awards have been or will be granted under the 2017 Plan following the effectiveness of our 2021 Plan on April 27, 2021. Concurrent with the adoption of the 2021 Plan, we also adopted the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "2021 ESPP Plan") in order to provide employees of the Company and its designated subsidiaries with an opportunity to purchase the Company's common stock through accumulated payroll deductions at of the stock's fair market value. As of December 31, 2023 , this plan has not yet been implemented internally within the Company, and purchases of common stock have been made pursuant to the 2021 ESPP Plan. Stock options generally vest between two and from the date of grant, and, for those remaining outstanding as of December 31, 2023, have only service-based vesting conditions. RSU grants may contain either (i) service-based vesting conditions or (ii) a combination of market or performance and service-based vesting conditions, which must be met in order to vest. Awards with service-based vesting conditions generally vest over a period of from the date of grant. Awards with market or performance-based vesting conditions will generally vest upon achievement of the related targets, providing the employee continues to be employed at the date of vesting. Performance conditions in certain of our outstanding awards are based on the recipient achieving specified sales metrics whereas, market conditions in certain outstanding awards are based on the closing price of our common stock achieving specified levels for a period of time. Our IPO in April 2021 was deemed to meet the liquidity event provisions in our 2017 Plan, which resulted in the vesting of all awards that had previously satisfied the time-based vesting conditions of such awards as of that date. Generally, new shares of authorized common stock are issued to satisfy vesting or exercise of awards under both the 2017 and 2021 Stock Incentive Plans, although treasury shares are also available for issuance at our discretion. 

Research and development 

Selling and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total stock compensation expense 

Granted 

Modified (1) 

() 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Expired 

() 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2023 

Vested at December 31, 2023 or expected to vest in the future 

Exercisable at December 31, 2023 

Unvested and expected to vest in the future 

At December 31, 2023: 

Stock-based compensation cost not yet recognized (in thousands) 

Weighted-average remaining expense recognition period (in years) 

(1) - options initially made to our former Chief Executive Officer in September 2021. The options originally granted vested after a period of time once our stock price reached certain targets and had an exercise price of per option. The modification in April 2023 resulted in cancellation of options, reset the stock price targets for vesting and reduced the exercise price to per option, based on the estimated fair value of our stock as of the modification date. As a result of the departure of our former Chief Executive Officer during the fourth quarter of 2023, the remaining options, all of which were unvested, were forfeited. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Volatility 

Dividend yield 

Valuations: 

Grant-date fair value per option (2) 

Intrinsic value of options exercised (in thousands) 

Average intrinsic value per share of options exercised 

(2) - 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Nonvested as of December 31, 2023 

Restricted stock unit vesting conditions: 

Service-based vesting 

Performance conditions and service-based vesting 

Market conditions and service-based vesting 

Nonvested as of December 31, 2023 

At December 31, 2023: 

Stock-based compensation cost not yet recognized (in thousands) 

Weighted-average remaining expense recognition period (in years) 

Other employee benefit plans We sponsor a 401(k) savings plan for our U.S. employees, whereby the employees can elect to make pre- or post-tax contributions, subject to certain limitations. We make matching contributions equal to of the first and of the next of an employee's contribution. Employee and company contributions are both immediately vested. Company matching contributions were approximately million , million , and million for the years ending December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Employees are also eligible to participate in various employee welfare benefit plans, including medical, dental, prescription and life insurance, in which the Company pays a portion of the cost. All such plans are unfunded. 

of our outstanding capital stock, is an investor in Ayna. In addition, Discrimen LLC is an investor in Ayna, and Isidoro Quiroga Cort s is affiliated with that entity. Isidoro Quiroga Cort s is also on the board of directors of Ayna. On September 13, 2023, we executed a termination of the master services agreement and statement of work (collectively, the "Service Agreement") with Ayna and Fernweh Group LLC, the parent company of Fernweh Engaged Operator Company LLC, which resulted in a forfeiture of unvested stock options that were part of the initial consideration for the engagement. Due to the accelerated timing of the payments required for the cash portion of the initial consideration and the expected service period over which the engagement was estimated to last, we had unamortized prepaid balances remaining at the termination date totaling approximately million . These prepaid balances were fully amortized during the year ended December 31, 2023 as a charge to general and administrative expense. In addition, approximately million of stock-based compensation expense previously recognized on the unvested stock options was reversed upon termination of the Service Agreement in connection with their forfeiture. An additional options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share were fully vested and exercisable as of the termination date. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, we incurred million and million, respectively, of general and administrative expense associated with our engagement of FEOC. Cash payments during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, totaled million in each year. Acquisitions of common stock and issuance of RSUs Effective July 5, 2023, we acquired shares of our outstanding common stock held by ARC Family Trust, a related party and greater than shareholder, for no monetary consideration. The acquired shares were then retired. The ARC Family Trust was established by Mr. Ahmad Chatila, a member of our Board of Directors, for the benefit of certain members of his family. Mr. Shaker Sadasivam, the Chairman of our Board of Directors, is the trustee of the ARC Family Trust. Concurrent with the transaction described above and with the approval of our Board of Directors, we issued RSUs to Mr. Tony Alvarez, who was appointed as our Board Observer, effective July 5, 2023, and RSUs to Mr. William Aldeen "Dean" Priddy, Jr., a member of our Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board. These RSU grants will vest upon the one-year anniversary of the date of grant. Information relating to acquisitions of shares from founders of the Company during 2020 and 2021 at no cost for inclusion in treasury stock may be found in Note 16 "Stockholders' Equity" above. Related party receivables, deposits and payables We have related party receivables at December 31, 2023, totaling million for future material cost discounts contractually owed to us by Alpha Steel in connection with the expected receipt of manufacturing incentives available to Alpha Steel under the Inflation Reduction Act as costs are incurred by Alpha Steel to purchase raw materials and manufacture torque tubes and other products that will be used to fulfill purchase orders we issue to Alpha Steel. We also have related party liabilities to Alpha Steel at December 31, 2023, totaling million for the accrued cost of revenue recognized on certain of our customer projects associated with the cost of products that are being manufactured for us by Alpha Steel. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we made total deposits of million to Alpha Steel, of which million remains in our balance of vendor deposits as of December 31, 2023, as shown in Note 8 "Prepaids and other current assets" above. Other During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into a contract with a customer in China in which our Vice President General Manager, FTC China/Southeast Asia, and Director of FTC Solar (China) Co. Ltd., our Chinese subsidiary, is also a member of the customer's board of directors. We recognized a million gross margin loss on this project in our 2022 operating results, with material loss incurred in 2023. 

() 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding for calculating basic and diluted loss per share 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

() 

() 

() 

Shares of common stock issuable upon vesting of RSUs 

Potential common shares excluded from diluted net loss per share calculation 

All share and per share amounts in the table above for 2021 reflect an approximately -for-1 forward stock split which took effect on April 28, 2021. 

million at December 31, 2023 and million at December 31, 2022. We did not hold any other financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis as categorized within the fair value hierarchy at December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Class A common unit interest in Dimension Energy LLC, Dimension ), representing approximately of the total outstanding common shares, for approximately million, net of a success-based fee described below, resulting in a gain of million . Prior to the third-party sale, we had recognized a net loss from our investment in this unconsolidated subsidiary of million in 2021. On June 29, 2021, we made a success-based fee payment in the amount of million to two executive members of Dimension for entering into voting and support letter agreements and for recommending to all Executive Members of Dimension that they support the purchase agreement and the consummation of the transaction on June 24, 2021. million through December 2024, based on Dimension achieving certain performance milestones. This potential earnout is calculated each quarter starting January 1, 2022, as times the number of kilowatts constituting each Notice To Proceed (NTP) megawatt (MW) achieved during such quarterly earnout period, provided that no earnout amount is payable in respect to the first 100 NTP MW achieved in any earnout year. million based on Dimension s completion of certain construction projects currently in progress. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, we received million and million , respectively, from escrow for subsequent completion of certain construction projects that were in progress at the time of the sale. In accordance with our accounting policy, these amounts were recognized as a "Gain from disposal of investment in unconsolidated subsidiary" in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss upon realization. 

88 

Australia 

All other 

Total third-party revenue 

Australia 

India 

All other 

Total long-lived assets 

Cash and cash equivalents concentration At December 31, 2023, approximately of our cash and cash equivalents were in financial institutions located in the United States. Customer concentration During the year ended December 31, 2023, four customers accounted for approximately , , and , respectively, of total revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2022, three customers accounted for approximately , and , respectively, of total revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2021, three customers accounted for approximately , and , respectively, of total revenue. 

Ite m 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 As previously reported in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 6, 2023, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors dismissed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ("PwC"), our independent registered public accounting firm on April 3, 2023, and approved the appointment of BDO USA, LLP ("BDO") as our new independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. 
 PwC s reports on the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles, except for the matters that raised substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern as of December 31, 2021. The substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern was removed as of December 31, 2022, as the matters were alleviated. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the subsequent interim period through April 3, 2023, there were: (i) no disagreements within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K between the Company and PwC on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to PwC s satisfaction, would have caused PwC to make reference thereto in their reports; and (ii) no reportable events within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K, except for the following material weaknesses that were disclosed as of December 31, 2021 and remediated as of December 31, 2022 relating to (a) the lack of a sufficient complement of experienced personnel with the requisite technical knowledge of public company accounting and reporting for non-routine, unusual or complex transactions which contributed to (b) the lack of a design and operations of adequate controls over the period-end close and financial reporting process including (i) establishment of accounting policies and procedures, (ii) preparation of account reconciliations for certain accounts, (iii) ensuring proper cut-off, (iv) providing for adequate segregation of duties, (v) approving journal entries, and (vi) ensuring adequate financial statement preparation, and (c) ineffective information technology general controls over the information technology ("IT") systems used for the preparation of the financial statements, specifically, we had not designed and maintained (i) program change management controls to ensure that IT program and data changes affecting financial applications and underlying accounting records were identified, tested, authorized and implemented appropriately; (ii) user access controls to ensure appropriate 
 89 

segregation of duties and that adequately restricted user and privileged access to financial applications, programs and data to appropriate Company personnel; and (iii) testing and approval controls for program development to ensure that new software development was aligned with business and IT requirements. 
 The Company provided PwC with a copy of the foregoing disclosures and requested that PwC furnish a letter addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating whether or not it agrees with the statements made herein. A copy of PwC s letter dated April 6, 2023, is filed as Exhibit 16.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 6, 2023. 
 During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the subsequent interim period through April 3, 2023, neither the Company nor anyone on its behalf has consulted with BDO regarding: (i) the application of accounting principles to a specific transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company's financial statements, and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to the Company that BDO concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing, or financial reporting issue; (ii) any matter that was the subject of a disagreement within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions; or (iii) any reportable event within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 
 Ite m 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chairman of the Board of Directors (functioning as our principal executive officer) and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2023. Based on that evaluation, our Chairman of the Board of Directors and our principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2023. 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management's report on internal control over financial reporting 
 It is the responsibility of the Company's management to establish and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of FTC Solar; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of FTC Solar are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of FTC Solar; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements of FTC Solar. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management has performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 based upon criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023. 
 This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company, as an emerging growth company, to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 
 90 

Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 In November 2023, we announced that our then President and Chief Executive Officer and our then Chief Financial Officer, would step down from their positions and depart the Company. Certain functions, including the responsibility for establishing, maintaining and evaluating the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, previously performed by of our former President and Chief Executive Officer and our former Chief Financial Officer were assumed by Mr. Shaker Sadasivam, our Chairman of the Board of Directors, and by Ms. Cathy Behnen, our current Chief Financial Officer, during the fourth quarter of 2023. Apart from this change, which did not have a material effect, nor is it expected to have a material effect in the future, on our internal control over financial reporting, there were no other changes during the quarter ended December 31, 2023 in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 It em 9B. Other Information. 
 plans intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("10b5-1 Plan") as follows: 

Name and title 
 
 Date trading plan adopted 
 
 Duration of trading plan 
 
 Aggregate number of securities to be sold 

Adoption of trading plans to sell securities: 

3/18/2024 to 12/31/2024 
 
 Sale of sufficient shares to cover taxes, commissions and fees relating to vesting of restricted stock units 

3/4/2024 to 8/30/2024 

3/5/2024 to 12/31/2024 

During the three months ended December 31, 2023 , no executive officers or directors or amended existing 10b5-1 Plans and no executive officers or directors or a "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 

 Ite m 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 91 

PART III 
 Ite m 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and an Insider Trading Policy applicable to all of our directors, officers and employees, copies of which have been filed as Exhibit 14.1 and Exhibit 19.1, respectively, to this Annual Report. In addition, both our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and our Insider Trading Policy are available on our website at www.ftcsolar.com and paper copies may also be obtained at no cost upon request to our General Counsel at 9020 North Capital of Texas Hwy., Building 1, Suite 260, Austin, TX 78759 or by calling (737) 787-7906. 
 Other information required by Item 10 will be set forth in the 2024 Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. Except as otherwise specifically incorporated by reference, our 2024 Proxy Statement is not deemed filed as part of this Annual Report. 
 It em 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Information required by Item 11 will be set forth in the 2024 Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Ite m 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Information required by Item 12 will be set forth in the 2024 Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 It em 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Information required by Item 13 will be set forth in the 2024 Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Ite m 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 Information required by Item 14 will be set forth in the 2024 Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

92 

PART IV 
 It em 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report or incorporated by reference 

(1) The Consolidated Financial Statements of FTC Solar, Inc. as listed on the Index to Financial Statements in Item 8. 

(2) All financial statement schedules are omitted as they are not applicable, or not required, or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

(3) Those exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are included in the Exhibit Index below. 

93 

Exhibit Index 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of FTC Solar, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of FTC Solar, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Correction of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 19, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 

4.2 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 21, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.1 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 29, 2021, by and among FTC Solar, Inc. and certain holders of its capital stock (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 17, 2022, by and among FTC Solar, Inc. and certain holders of its capital stock (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 21, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.3 
 
 Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, by and among FTC Solar, Inc., as borrower, the several financial institutions from time to time parties thereto, and Barclays Bank PLC, as an issuing lender, the swingline lender and as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.4 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, by and among FTC Solar, Inc., as borrower, HSBC Bank USA, N.A. and Barclays Bank PLC, as an issuing lender and as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 16, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.5 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, by and among FTC Solar, Inc., as borrower, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 2, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.6 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Senior Secured Revolving Facility, by and among FTC Solar, Inc., as borrower, and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, dated as of June 7, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 9, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.7 
 
 FTC Solar, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan and form of agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 11, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.8 
 
 FTC Solar, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 11, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.9 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 19, 2021) 

10.10 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between FTC Solar, Inc. and Patrick M. Cook (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.11 
 
 Amendment, dated July 1, 2022, to Employment Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2021, between FTC Solar, Inc. and Patrick Cook (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 9, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.12 
 
 Amendment, dated August 17, 2022, to Employment Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2021, between FTC Solar, Inc. and Patrick Cook (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 9, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.13 
 
 Amendment, dated May 11, 2023, to Employment Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2021, between FTC Solar, Inc. and Patrick Cook (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 9, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between FTC Solar, Inc. and Sasan Aminpour 

10.15 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between FTC Solar, Inc. and Sean Hunkler (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.16 
 
 Amendment, dated March 1, 2023, to the September 2021 Employment Agreement between FTC Solar, Inc. and Sean Hunkler (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.17 
 
 Amendment 2, dated April 3, 2023, to the September 2021 Employment Agreement between FTC Solar, Inc, and Sean Hunkler (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 3, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference) 

94 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

10.18 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between FTC Solar, Inc. and Robert Phelps Morris (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 16, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.19 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2022, between FTC Solar, Inc. and Phelps Morris (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.20 
 
 Amendment, dated May 11, 2023, to Employment Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2022, between FTC Solar, Inc. and Phelps Morris (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 9, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference) 

14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

19.1 
 
 Insider Trading Policy 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of FTC Solar, Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of BDO USA, P.C. 

23.2 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included in signature page) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

97.1 
 
 FTC Solar, Inc. Clawback Policy 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 Ite m 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 95 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

FTC Solar, Inc. 

Date: March 15, 2024 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Cathy Behnen 

Cathy Behnen 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENT, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Shaker Sadasivam and Cathy Behnen, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution for him in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto each said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as such person might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or either of them, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Shaker Sadasivam 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 15, 2024 

Shaker Sadasivam 

/s/ Cathy Behnen 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 15, 2024 

Cathy Behnen 

/s/ Ahmad Chatila 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2024 

Ahmad Chatila 

/s/ Isidoro Quiroga Cortes 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2024 

Isidoro Quiroga Cortes 

/s/ Lisan Hung 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2024 

Lisan Hung 

/s/ Tamara Mullings 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2024 

Tamara Mullings 

/s/ William Aldeen Priddy, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2024 

William Aldeen Priddy, Jr. 

/s/ David Springer 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2024 

David Springer 

96 

<EX-10.14>
 2
 ftci-ex10_14.htm
 EX-10.14

EX-10.14 

Exhibit 10.14 

FTC SOLAR, INC. EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Employment Agreement (this Agreement is made and entered into as of June 14, 2022 by and between FTC Solar, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company and together with its Affiliates, the Company Group ), and Sasan Aminpour Executive and, together with the Company, the Parties ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Parties intend that Executive shall serve the Company as its Vice President, Global Operations, effective as of the date of this Agreement (the Effective Date under the terms and conditions specified herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree as follows: 
 1. Term . Executive s employment with the Company Group under the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall begin as of the Effective Date and shall continue until such time as Executive s employment is terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of Section 5 of this Agreement (the Term ). Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Executive shall be employed on an at-will basis and Executive s employment may be terminated by either Party at any time. 

2. Title; Services and Duties . 

(a) During the Term, Executive shall be employed by the Company as its Vice President of Global Operations, and shall report to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

(b) During the Term, Executive shall (i) be a full-time employee of the Company, or such other member of the Company Group as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), (ii) have such duties, responsibilities and authority as are reasonably prescribed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company from time to time and normally associated with the roles of vice president of global operations at an entity of similar size and nature as the Company and (iii) devote substantially all of Executive s business time and best efforts to the performance of his duties to the Company Group and shall not engage in any other business, profession or occupation for compensation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may (x) serve as a director or advisor of non-profit organizations without approval of the Board and as director or advisor of for profit companies with the prior approval of the Board, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, (y) perform and participate in charitable civic, educational, professional, community, industry affairs and other related activities, and (z) manage personal investments; provided , however , that such activities do not materially interfere, individually or in the aggregate, with the performance of his duties hereunder and do not materially breach the Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement between Executive and the Company or Section 6(c) hereof or have an adverse impact on the Company Group. 

(c) The principal location of Executive s employment with the Company shall be 

at the Company s headquarters in Austin, Texas, although Executive understands and agrees that Executive may be required to travel from time to time for business reasons. 

3. Compensation . 

(a) Base Salary . The Company Group shall pay Executive a base salary in the amount of 300,000.00 per annum, as adjusted as permitted herein (the Base Salary during the Term, payable in accordance the Company Group s regular payroll practices as in effect from time to time. The Base Salary shall be periodically reviewed by the Board during the Term and subject to change upon reasonable notice. 

(b) Cash Bonus . 

(i) Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Company s annual incentive plan for each fiscal year of the Company during the Term with a target amount equal to 60 of the Base Salary (the Target Bonus ). The Target Bonus may be increased, but not decreased during the Term. The actual amount of the annual cash bonus, if any, payable to Executive in respect of any fiscal year during the Term may be based on the achievement of performance criteria established by, and may relate to financial and non-financial metrics as determined by, the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board. 

(ii) Any annual cash bonus that becomes payable to Executive under this Section 3(b) shall be paid to Executive, in cash, as soon as practicable following the end of the year of the Company to which it relates; provided , that , except as otherwise provided in Section 5(a)(ii) , Section 5(b) or Section 5(c) herein, Executive is an active employee of the Company Group, and has not given or received notice of termination or resignation of employment as of the date on which such payment is made. 

(c) Long Term Incentives . Executive shall be eligible to participate in the long- term incentive compensation program adopted by the Compensation Committee from time to time in its sole discretion. 

4. Employee Benefits . 

(a) Employee Benefits and Perquisites . During the Term, Executive shall be eligible to participate in all benefit plans made available by the Company Group to its executives generally. Such benefits shall be subject to the applicable limitations and requirements imposed by the terms of such benefit plans and shall be governed in all respects in accordance with the terms of such plans as in effect from time to time. Nothing in this Section 4(a) , however, shall require the Company or any member of the Company Group to maintain any benefit plan or provide any type or level of benefits to its current or former employees, including Executive. 

(b) Paid Vacation . During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Company s vacation policies as in effect from time to time. 

(c) Reimbursement of Business Expenses . The Company Group shall reimburse Executive for any expenses reasonably and necessarily incurred by Executive during the Term in furtherance of Executive s duties hereunder, including travel, meals and accommodations, upon submission by Executive of vouchers or receipts and in compliance with such rules and policies relating thereto as the Company may from time to time adopt. 

5. Termination of Employment . Executive s employment shall be terminated at the earliest to occur of the following during the Term: (i) the date on which the Company Group provides notice to Executive of termination for Disability (as defined below); (ii) the date of Executive s death; (iii) the date on which the Company Group provides notice to Executive of 

termination for Cause (as defined below); (iv) the date which is 30 days following the date on which the Company Group provides notice to Executive of termination without Cause (or, in the sole discretion of the Company, pay in lieu of 30 days notice of termination); (v) the date which is 30 days following the date on which Executive provides notice to the Company of termination of employment by Executive other than for Good Reason (as defined below); or (vi) the applicable date set forth in the definition of Good Reason if such termination is by Executive for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, the last day of Executive s employment with the Company for any reason shall be referred to herein as the Date of Termination . 

(a) For Cause; Resignation by Executive Other than for Good Reason; Death or Disability . If Executive s employment with the Company Group is terminated by the Company for Cause or as a result of Executive s death or Disability, or Executive resigns his employment other than for Good Reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any further compensation or benefits other than, in each case if applicable as of the Date of Termination: (i) any accrued but unpaid Base Salary (payable as provided in Section 3(a) hereof); (ii) if the Executive s employment with the Company Group is terminated as a result of Executive s death or Disability, any unpaid annual cash bonus for the immediately preceding (completed) fiscal year, as determined and payable at the same time as other senior officers of the Company; (iii) reimbursement for any expenses properly incurred and reported by Executive prior to the Date of Termination in accordance with Section 4(c) hereof, payable on the Company Group s first regularly scheduled payroll date which occurs at least 10 business days after the Date of Termination; and (iv) vested employee benefits, if any, to which Executive may be entitled under the Company Group s employee benefit plans described in Section 4(a) and Section 4(b) as of the Date of Termination (collectively, the Accrued Rights ). 

(b) Termination by the Company without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason . If Executive s employment is terminated by the Company Group without Cause or Executive terminates his employment for Good Reason, then Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Rights, and if (x) subject to Section 5(d), Executive executes a release of claims in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto, subject to any revisions necessary to reflect changes in applicable law occurring after the date hereof (the Release ), and the applicable revocation period with respect to the Release expires within 60 days (or such longer period as required by law) following the Date of Termination and (y) Executive does not breach in any material respect the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 6 hereof, then Executive shall receive the following: 

(i) An amount in cash equal to one times the Base Salary as in effect immediately prior to the Date of Termination (without regard to any reduction resulting in Good Reason), which amount shall be payable in substantially equal installments during the 12 month period immediately following the Date of Termination in accordance with the Company Group s regular payroll practices as in effect from time to time; provided , that , the first such payment shall be made on the first regularly scheduled payroll date of the Company Group that occurs on or following the 60 th day after the Date of Termination (the Payment Commencement Date and shall include all payments that would have been made to Executive had such payments commenced on the first regularly scheduled payroll date of the Company Group following the Date of Termination; 

(ii) any unpaid annual cash bonus for the immediately preceding (completed) fiscal year as determined and payable at the same time as other senior officers of the Company for such year, and a pro rata annual cash bonus for the year in which the Date of Termination occurs for days worked through the Date of Termination, based on actual Company financial performance, payable at the same time as annual cash bonuses are paid to senior officers of the Company for such year; and 

(iii) with respect to health insurance coverage, COBRA benefits (to the extent elected by the Executive) and a lump sum payment equal to the cost of COBRA benefits for Executive and his spouse and eligible dependents for a period of 18 months following the Date of 

Termination, payable on the Payment Commencement Date. Executive acknowledges that such payments shall be taxable to him. 

(c) Termination by the Company without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason on or Following a Change in Control . If, on or within 12 months following a Change in Control, Executive s employment is terminated by the Company Group without Cause or Executive resigns his employment for Good Reason, then Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Rights, and if (x) subject to Section 5(d), Executive executes the Release, subject to any revisions necessary to reflect changes in applicable law occurring after the date hereof, and the applicable revocation period with respect to the Release expires within 60 days (or such longer period as required by law) following the Date of Termination and (y) Executive does not breach in any material respect the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 6 hereof, then Executive shall receive the following: 

(i) An amount in cash equal to one times the sum of (A) the Base Salary as in effect immediately prior to the Date of Termination (without regard to any reduction resulting in Good Reason) and (B) the Target Bonus (without regard to any reduction resulting in Good Reason), which amount shall be payable in a lump sum on the first regularly scheduled payroll date of the Company Group that occurs on or following the Payment Commencement Date; 

(ii) any unpaid annual cash bonus for the immediately preceding (completed) fiscal year as determined and payable at the same time as other senior officers of the Company, and a pro rata annual cash bonus for the year in which the Date of Termination occurs for days worked through the Date of Termination, based on actual Company financial performance, payable in each case at the same time as annual cash bonuses are paid to senior officers of the Company for such years; 

(iii) with respect to health insurance coverage, COBRA benefits (to the extent elected by Executive) and a lump sum payment equal to the cost of COBRA benefits for Executive and his spouse and eligible dependents for a period of 18 months following the Date of Termination, payable on the Payment Commencement Date. Executive acknowledges that such payments shall be taxable to him; 

(iv) The stock option awards held by Executive shall become vested and exercisable in full, the restricted stock units held by Executive shall become vested in full (and the Company shall be required to thereafter settle such restricted stock units in common stock (provided that, to the extent that the restricted stock unit award is subject to Section 409A of the Code, the restricted stock units shall be settled at the time and in the form required by the restricted stock unit award agreement), and any other restrictions with respect to any stock-based awards held by Executive shall lapse in full (including for any performance-based award, with respect to the number of shares that would be earned at the target level of achievement), and, in the case of stock options, any such stock options (together with any stock options that have vested and become exercisable prior to the Date of Termination) shall remain exercisable for a period of 90 days following the Date of Termination. The provisions of this clause (iii) shall apply in respect of any stock options, restricted stock units or other stock-based award of Executive, whether issued prior to the date hereof or after the date hereof, and whether issued pursuant to a stock incentive plan of the Company or otherwise. The provisions of this clause (iii) shall be fully incorporated into any agreement between the Company and Executive governing stock options, restricted stock units or other stock-based awards of Executive, and shall supplement (and shall not limit or restrict) any other rights of Executive under any such agreement related to accelerated vesting or exercise or lapsing of any restrictions for stock-based awards (or the terms of any stock incentive plan that is incorporated therein) 1 ; and 

(v) The Company also shall pay to Executive all legal fees and expenses incurred by Executive in disputing in good faith any issue hereunder relating to the termination of the Executive s employment, in seeking in good faith to obtain or enforce any benefit or right provided by this Agreement or in connection with any tax audit or proceeding to the extent attributable to the application of section 4999 of the Code to any payment or benefit provided hereunder. Such payments shall be made within five (5) business days after delivery of Executive s written requests for payment accompanied with such evidence of fees and expenses incurred as the Company reasonably may require; provided that in no event will payment be made for requests that are submitted later than December 31 st of the year following the year in which the expense is incurred. 

(d) If the Company does not provide the Release to Executive within ten (10) business days of the Date of Termination pursuant to Section 5(b) or 5(c), as the case may be, or if the Company informs Executive that Executive will not be obligated to sign the Release, then Executive shall be entitled to receive the severance and other benefits provided by such section without signing the Release. 

(e) Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement: 

(i) Affiliate as applied to any Person, means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, that Person. For the purposes of this definition control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlling , controlled by and under common control with ), as applied to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of that Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities (the ownership of more than 

1 This language means that the accelerated vesting terms in the RSU agreement will also apply and not be limited. The accelerated vesting terms there are more favorable than those here (which are our standard for executives). 

50 of the voting securities of an entity shall for purposes of this definition be deemed to be control ), by contract or otherwise. 
 (ii) Cause means (in each case, other than due to death or Disability): 

(A) Executive s conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, any felony or crime involving fraud, misrepresentation or moral turpitude (excluding traffic offenses other than traffic offenses involving the use of alcohol or illegal substances); (B) any act of theft, dishonesty, embezzlement or misappropriation by Executive against the Company or any of its Affiliates that has or could reasonably be expected to result in economic harm to any member of the Company Group; (C) Executive s willful or material breach of a fiduciary obligation or any willful malfeasance or gross negligence; (D) a violation by Executive of any written policy of the Company that has or could reasonably be expected to result in material harm to member of the Company Group; (E) a material breach by Executive of Section 6 of this Agreement or of any other noncompetition, non-solicitation, confidentiality or similar agreement between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates; (F) any willful failure by Executive to follow the reasonable and lawful written directives of the Board that are related to Executive s position with the Company; or (G) Executive s material violation of the Company Group s code of conduct, employee handbook or similar written policies, including, without limitation, the Company Group s sexual harassment policy and policies or rules relating to other types of harassment or abusive conduct. For the avoidance of doubt, a failure of the Company to attain any applicable performance goals or financial metrics shall not, in and of itself, constitute Cause. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the occurrence of any such condition constitute Cause unless the Company provides notice to Executive of the existence of the condition giving rise to Cause within 120 days following 

the Company s knowledge of its existence. 
 (iii) Change in Control has the meaning set forth in the Company s 2021 Stock Plan, as amended from time to time, or any successor plan thereto. 

(iv) Disability means Executive is unable, due to physical or mental incapacity, to perform his duties to the Company under this Agreement for a period of either (A) 90 consecutive days or (B) 180 days in any 365 day period. 

(v) Good Reason means, in each case without Executive s written consent, (A) a material diminution in Executive s Base Salary or Target Bonus opportunity; (B) a material diminution or material adverse change in Executive s authority, duties, responsibilities or role (and following a Change in Control, the assignment of duties or responsibilities that are materially inconsistent with those in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control; including, without limitation, if the Executive was, immediately prior to the Change in Control, an executive officer of a public company, any such change in duties or responsibilities attributable to the Executive ceasing to be an executive officer of a public company) or an adverse change in Executive s title or role; (C) any relocation of Executive s primary office location that increases Executive's one-way commute by fifty (50) miles or more, and, following a Change in Control, any required travel on the Company s business to an extent substantially inconsistent with the Executive s business travel obligations immediately prior to a Change in Control; (D) in connection with a Change in Control, the failure of the Company to obtain an express assumption and agreement by a successor of the Company to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place; or (E) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the occurrence of any such condition constitute Good Reason unless (1) Executive provides notice to the Company of the existence of the condition giving rise to Good Reason within 60 days following Executive s knowledge of its existence and (2) the Company fails to cure such condition within 30 days following the date of such notice, upon which failure to cure Executive s employment will immediately terminate with Good Reason. 

(vi) Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, trust or other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof. 

6. Restrictive Covenants . 

(a) Acknowledgment . Executive agrees and acknowledges that, in the course of Executive s employment, Executive shall acquire access to and become acquainted with information about the Company Group that is non-public, confidential or proprietary in nature. Executive acknowledges that the Company is engaged throughout the world in a highly competitive business and the success of the Company in the marketplace depends upon its goodwill and reputation, and that Executive has developed and shall continue to develop such goodwill and reputation through substantial investment by the Company. Executive agrees and acknowledges that reasonable limits on Executive s ability to engage in activities competitive with the Company are warranted to protect its substantial investment in developing and maintaining its status in the marketplace, reputation and goodwill. Executive recognizes that in order to guard the legitimate interests of the Company, it is necessary for it to protect all Confidential Information (as defined below) and the disclosure of Confidential Information would place the Company at a competitive disadvantage. Executive further agrees that Executive s obligations under this Section 6 are reasonable and shall be absolute and unconditional. 

(b) Confidential Information . During Executive s employment and at all times following Executive s termination of employment for any reason, Executive shall hold in a fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Company all non-public information, matters and materials of the Company Group, including, without limitation, know-how, trade secrets, customer lists, 

pricing policies, operational methods, information relating to products, processes, customers, services and other business and financial affairs and information as to customers or other third parties (collectively, the Confidential Information ), in each case to which Executive has had or may have access and shall not, directly or indirectly, use or disclose such Confidential Information to any Person other than (i) to the extent required in the course of Executive s employment or as otherwise expressly required in connection with court process or requested by a governmental or regulatory body, (ii) as may be required by law (with advance notice to the Company prior to any such disclosure to the extent legally permitted) or (iii) to Executive s personal advisers for purposes of enforcing or interpreting this Agreement (or in the case of any other litigation between Executive and the Company), or to a court or arbitrator for the purpose of enforcing or interpreting this Agreement (or in the case of any other litigation between Executive and the Company), and who in each case have been informed as to the confidential nature of such Confidential Information and, as to advisers, their obligation to keep such Confidential Information confidential. Confidential Information shall not include any information which is in the public or industry domain during Executive s employment, provided such information is not in the public or industry domain as a consequence of any action or inaction by Executive in violation of this Agreement. Upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason, Executive shall deliver to the Company all documents, papers and records (including, but not limited to, electronic media) in Executive s possession or subject to Executive s control that (x) belong to the Company Group or (y) contain or reflect any Confidential Information concerning the Company Group. 

(c) Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation . In consideration of the Company s obligations hereunder, during Executive s employment and for a period of 18 months thereafter, Executive will not, whether for Executive s own account or for any other Person, directly or indirectly, with or without compensation: 

(i) Own, operate, manage, or control, serve as an officer, director, partner, employee, agent, consultant, advisor or developer or in any similar capacity to, or have any financial interest in, or aid or assist anyone else in the conduct of, any Person which directly competes with any product line of or application or service offered by the Company or any member of the Company Group or any of their respective subsidiaries anywhere in the world; 

(ii) Call upon for competitive purposes, solicit, divert, take away or attempt to solicit for competitive purposes any of the customers, prospective customers or suppliers or any other business contacts of the Company or any member of the Company Group or any of their respective subsidiaries with whom Executive had direct or indirect contact during Executive s employment with the Company Group; or 

(iii) Solicit, retain, knowingly hire, knowingly offer to hire, entice away or in any manner persuade or attempt to persuade any officer, employee or agent of the Company or any member of the Company Group or any of their respective subsidiaries who was employed, engaged or recruited during Executive s employment with the Company Group to discontinue his or her relationship with the Company Group or such Affiliates. 

Non-targeted, general, solicitations to the public shall be deemed not to breach this Section 6 . Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 6(c) will prohibit Executive from acquiring or holding not more than two percent (2 of any class of publicly traded securities. 
 (d) Intellectual Property . All copyrights, trademarks, trade names, servicemarks, patents and other intangible or intellectual property rights that may be invented, conceived, developed or enhanced during Executive s employment with the Company Group (whether prior to or after the Effective Date) that either (i) relate to the business of the Company Group or (ii) result from any work performed by Executive for the Company Group, shall be the sole property of the Company or such Affiliate, as the case may be, and Executive hereby waives any right or 

interest that Executive may otherwise have in respect thereof. Upon request of the Company Group, Executive shall execute, acknowledge and deliver any assignment or other instrument or document reasonably necessary or appropriate to give effect to this Section 6(d) and do all other acts and things reasonably necessary to enable the Company or such Affiliate, as the case may be, to exploit the same or to obtain patents or similar protection with respect thereto. Executive agrees that Executive shall execute such additional stand-alone agreements protecting the intellectual property of the Company Group as are provided generally to employees of the Company upon their hire or otherwise as a condition to employment. 

(e) Non-Disparagement . Executive agrees that, at all times after Executive s employment with the Company Group, Executive shall not make critical, negative or disparaging remarks about the Company Group that could reasonably be expected to result in material harm to the Company Group, including, but not limited to, comments about any of their respective products, services, management, business or employment practices; provided , that , nothing in this paragraph shall prevent Executive from asserting his legal rights before an administrative agency or court of law, or from responding fully and accurately to any question, inquiry or request for information when required by applicable law or legal process. 

(f) Modification . The parties agree and acknowledge that the duration, scope and geographic area of the covenants described in this Section 6 are fair, reasonable and necessary in order to protect the goodwill and other legitimate interests of the Company, that adequate consideration has been received by Executive for such obligations, and that these obligations do not prevent Executive from earning a livelihood. If, however, for any reason any arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction determines that the restrictions in this Section 6 are not reasonable, that consideration is inadequate or that Executive has been prevented unlawfully from earning a livelihood, such restrictions shall be interpreted, modified or rewritten to include as much of the duration, scope and geographic area identified in this Section 6 as shall render such restrictions valid and enforceable. 

(g) Remedies for Breach . The Parties agree that the restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement are severable and separate, and the unenforceability of any specific covenant herein shall not affect the validity of any other covenant set forth herein. Executive acknowledges that the Company shall suffer irreparable harm as a result of a material breach of such restrictive covenants by Executive for which an adequate monetary remedy does not exist and a remedy at law may prove to be inadequate. Accordingly, in the event of any actual or threatened material breach by Executive of any provision of this Section 6 , the Company shall, in addition to any other remedies permitted by law, be entitled to seek to obtain remedies in equity, including, without limitation, specific performance, injunctive relief, a temporary restraining order, and/or a permanent injunction in any court of competent jurisdiction (each, an Equitable Remedy ), to prevent or otherwise restrain a material breach of this Section 6 , without the necessity of proving damages, posting a bond or other security. Such relief shall be in addition to and not in substitution of any other remedies available to the Company. The existence of any claim or cause of action of Executive against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of said covenants. . 

(h) Permitted Disclosures . Executive and the Company acknowledge that nothing contained in this Agreement or in any other agreement with or policy of the Company is intended, nor shall be construed, to restrict Executive from voluntarily communicating with, or participating in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by, any governmental agency, regulatory authority or self- regulatory organization concerning possible violations of law, including providing documents or other information in that connection to any governmental agency, regulatory authority or self- regulatory organization, in each case without notice to the Company or any other member of the Company Group. Moreover, pursuant to Section 7 of the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (which added 18 U.S.C. 1833(b)), Executive and the Company acknowledge that Executive shall not have criminal or civil liability under any federal or State trade secret law 

for the disclosure of a trade secret that (a) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by such Section. 

7. Assignment . This Agreement, and all of the terms and conditions hereof, shall bind the Company and its successors and assigns and shall bind Executive and Executive s heirs, executors and administrators. No transfer or assignment of this Agreement shall release the Company from any obligation to Executive hereunder. Neither this Agreement, nor any of the Company s rights or obligations hereunder, may be assigned or otherwise subject to hypothecation by Executive, and any such attempted assignment or hypothecation shall be null and void. The Company may assign any of its rights hereunder, in whole or in part, to any successor or assign in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets or equity interests or in connection with any merger, acquisition and/or reorganization. 

8. Arbitration . 

(a) Except as otherwise set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement, the Company and Executive mutually consent to the resolution by final and binding arbitration of any and all disputes, controversies or claims between them including, without limitation, (i) any dispute, controversy or claim related in any way to Executive s employment with the Company or any termination thereof, (ii) any dispute, controversy or claim of alleged discrimination, harassment or retaliation (including, but not limited to, claims based on race, sex, sexual preference, religion, national origin, age, marital or family status, medical condition, handicap or disability) and (iii) any claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof (collectively, Disputes ); provided , however , that nothing herein shall require arbitration of any claim or charge which, by law, cannot be the subject of a compulsory arbitration agreement. All Disputes shall be resolved exclusively by arbitration administered by the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services JAMS under the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules Procedures then in effect (the JAMS Rules ). 

(b) Any arbitration proceeding brought under this Agreement shall be conducted in Austin, Texas or another mutually agreed upon location before one arbitrator selected in accordance with the JAMS Rules. Each party to any Dispute shall pay its own expenses, including attorneys fees; provided , that , the arbitrator shall award the prevailing party reasonable costs and attorneys fees incurred but shall not be able to award any special or punitive damages. The arbitrator shall issue a decision or award in writing, stating the essential findings of fact and conclusions of law. 

(c) Any judgment on or enforcement of any award, including an award providing for interim or permanent injunctive relief, rendered by the arbitrator may be entered, enforced or appealed from in any court of competent jurisdiction. Any arbitration proceedings, decision or award rendered hereunder, and the validity, effect and interpretation of this arbitration provision, shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1 et seq. 

(d) It is part of the essence of this Agreement that any Disputes hereunder shall be resolved expeditiously and as confidentially as possible. Accordingly, the Company and Executive agree that all proceedings in any arbitration shall be conducted under seal and kept strictly confidential. In that regard, no party shall use, disclose or permit the disclosure of any information, evidence or documents produced by any other party in the arbitration proceedings or about the existence, contents or results of the proceedings except as may be required by any legal process, as required in an action in aid of arbitration or for enforcement of or appeal from an arbitral award or as may be permitted by the arbitrator for the preparation and conduct of the arbitration proceedings. Before making 

any disclosure permitted by the preceding sentence, the party intending to make such disclosure shall give the other party reasonable written notice of the intended disclosure and afford such other party a reasonable opportunity to protect its interests. 

9. General. 

(a) Notices. All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given: (i) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt); (ii) when received by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested); (iii) on the date sent by facsimile or e-mail; or (iv) on the third (3 rd day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Such communications must be sent to the respective parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 9(a) ): 

To the Company: 
 
 Attention: General Counsel 9020 N Capital of Texas Hwy 
 Suite I-260, Austin, Texas 78759 Email: jwolf@ftcsolar.com 
 To Executive: 
 At the address shown in the Company Group s personnel records. 
 (b) Entire Agreement . This Agreement (including any Exhibits hereto) constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement with respect to the subject matter contained herein and therein, and, effective as of the Effective Date, supersedes all other prior and contemporaneous representations, warranties, understandings and agreements, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter; provided, that this Agreement shall not supersede in full the terms of any agreement related to stock-based awards of Executive, but shall instead supplement (and shall not limit or restrict) the existing rights of Executive under any such agreement, including by expanding Executive s rights thereunder in respect of accelerated vesting or exercise or lapsing of any restrictions for stock-based awards, in each case, as set forth in this Agreement. 

(c) Headings . The headings in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 

(d) Amendment and Modification; Waiver . This Agreement may only be amended, modified or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed by all of the parties hereto. No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege arising from this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. 

(e) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Texas without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Texas or any other jurisdiction). 

(f) Survivorship . The provisions of this Agreement necessary to carry out the intention of the parties as expressed herein shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement, including without limitation, the provisions of Section 6 hereof. 

(g) No Third-party Beneficiaries . This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person or entity any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(h) Construction . The parties acknowledge that this Agreement is the result of arm s-length negotiations between sophisticated parties, each afforded representation by legal counsel. Each and every provision of this Agreement shall be construed as though both parties participated equally in the drafting of the same, and any rule of construction that a document shall be construed against the drafting party shall not be applicable to this Agreement. 

(i) Withholding . All compensation payable to Executive pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to any applicable statutory withholding taxes and such other taxes as are required or permitted under applicable law and such other deductions or withholdings as authorized by Executive to be collected with respect to compensation paid to Executive. 

(j) Section 409A . The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A of the Code, to the extent subject thereto, and accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered to be in compliance therewith. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Executive shall not be considered to have terminated employment with the Company for purposes of any payments under this Agreement which are subject to Section 409A of the Code until Executive would be considered to have incurred a separation from service from the Company Group within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. Each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided under this Agreement shall be construed as a separate identified payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. Without limiting the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 409A of the Code, amounts that would otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to this Agreement or any other arrangement between Executive and the Company Group during the six-month period immediately following Executive s separation from service shall instead be paid on the first business day after the date that is six months following Executive s separation from service (or, if earlier, Executive s date of death). To the extent required to avoid an accelerated or additional tax under Section 409A of the Code, amounts reimbursable to Executive under this Agreement shall be paid to Executive on or before the last day of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred and the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement (and in kind benefits provided to Executive) during one year may not affect amounts reimbursable or provided in any subsequent year. The Company makes no representation that any or all of the payments described in this Agreement shall be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A of the Code from applying to any such payment. 

(k) 280G Payments . Any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if any portion of any payment or benefit under this Agreement either individually or in conjunction with any payment or benefit under any other plan, agreement or arrangement (all such payments and benefits, the Total Payments would constitute an excess parachute payment within the meaning of Internal Revenue Code Section 280G, that is subject to the tax imposed by Section 4999 of such Code (the Excise Tax ), then the Total Payments to be made to Executive shall be reduced, but only to the extent that Executive would retain a greater amount on an after-tax basis than he would retain absent such reduction, such that the value of the Total Payments that Executive is entitled to receive shall be 1 less than the maximum amount which the Employee may receive without becoming subject to the Excise Tax. For purposes of this Section 9(k), the determination of whichever amount is greater on an after-tax basis shall be (x) based on maximum federal, state and local income and employment tax rates and the Excise Tax 

that would be imposed on Executive and (y) made at the Company s expense by independent consultants or accountants selected by the Company and Executive (which may be the Company s income tax return preparers provided that Executive so agrees) which determination shall be binding on both Executive and the Company. Any such reduction as may apply under this Section 9(k) shall be applied in the following order: (i) payments that are payable in cash the full amount of which are treated as parachute payments under Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q A 24(a) will be reduced (if necessary, to zero), with amounts that are payable last reduced first; (ii) payments and benefits due in respect of any equity the full amount of which are treated as parachute payments under Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q A 24(a), with the highest values reduced first (as such values are determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q A 24) will next be reduced; (iii) payments that are payable in cash that are valued at less than full value under Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q A 24, with amounts that are payable last reduced first, will next be reduced; (iv) payments and benefits due in respect of any equity valued at less than full value under Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q A 24, with the highest values reduced first (as such values are determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q A 24) will next be reduced; and (v) all other non-cash benefits not otherwise described in clauses (ii) or (iv) will next be reduced pro-rata. 

(l) No Mitigation . The Company agrees that, upon termination of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive is not required to seek other employment or to attempt in any way to reduce any amounts payable to Executive by the Company Group under this Agreement or otherwise. Further, no payment or benefit provided for in this Agreement or elsewhere shall be reduced by any compensation earned by Executive as the result of employment by another employer. 

(m) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF AND INTENDING TO BE LEGALLY BOUND THEREBY, 
 the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the year and date first above written. 
 
 FTC SOLAR, INC. 
 
 By: 	/s/ Jacob Wolf	 Name: Jacob Wolf 
 Title:	General Counsel 
 
 EXECUTIVE 

/s/ Sasan Aminpour		 
 Sasan Aminpour 

[Signature Page to Employment Agreement] 

Exhibit A 
 
 Form of General Release of Claims 
 
 This General Release of Claims (this Agreement is entered into by and between FTC Solar, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and [ ] Executive on the below- indicated date. 
 WHEREAS, Executive, and the Company entered into an Employment Agreement dated as of [ ], (the Employment Agreement ), that provides Executive certain severance and other benefits in the event of certain terminations of Executive s employment; 
 WHEREAS, Executive s employment has so terminated; and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to [ Section 5(b)] [ Section 5(c)] of the Employment Agreement, a condition precedent to Executive s entitlement to certain severance and other benefits thereunder is his agreement to this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the severance and other benefits provided under [ Section 5(b) ] [ Section 5(c) ] of the Employment Agreement, the sufficiency of which Executive hereby acknowledges, Executive agrees as follows: 
 1. General Release of Claims . Executive, for and on behalf of Executive and Executive s heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns, hereby voluntarily, knowingly and willingly release and forever discharge the Company and all of its past and present parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, each of their respective members, officers, directors, stockholders, partners, employees, agents, representatives and attorneys, and each of their respective subsidiaries, affiliates, estates, predecessors, successors, and assigns (each, individually, a Releasee , collectively referred to as the Releasees from any and all rights, claims, charges, actions, causes of action, complaints, sums of money, suits, debts, covenants, contracts, promises, obligations, damages, demands or liabilities of every kind whatsoever, in law or in equity, whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected (collectively, Claims which Executive or Executive s heirs, executors, administrators, successors or assigns ever had, now has or may hereafter claim to have by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever: (i) arising from the beginning of time up to the date Executive executes this Agreement with respect to (A) any such Claims relating in any way to Executive s employment relationship with the Company or any other Releasee, and (B) any such Claims arising under any federal, local or state statute or regulation, including, without limitation, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, each as amended and including each of their respective implementing regulations and/or any other federal, state, local or foreign law (statutory, regulatory or otherwise) that may be legally waived and released; (ii) arising out of or relating to the termination of Executive s employment; or (iii) arising under or relating to any policy, agreement, understanding or promise, written or oral, formal or informal, between the Company or any other Releasee and Executive. 

2. Exceptions to General Release of Claims . 

(a) Nothing contained in this Agreement shall in any way diminish or impair: 

(i) any Claims Executive may have that cannot be waived under applicable law, (ii) Executive s rights under this Agreement and to severance and other benefits provided under Section 5[(b)][(c)] of the Employment Agreement, (iii) any rights Executive may have to vested benefits under health, welfare and tax-qualified retirement employee benefit plans, or (iv) any rights Executive may have to indemnification from the Company or coverage under any director and officer liability insurance policy. The Company acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement does not preclude Executive from filing any charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental agency or from any way participating in any investigation, hearing, or proceeding of any government agency. Executive does not need prior authorization from the Company to make any such reports or disclosures and except as may otherwise be required by applicable law, is not required to notify the Company that Executive has made such reports or disclosures. This Agreement does not limit Executive s right to receive an award for information provided to any governmental agency or entity. 
 (b) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret of the Company that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to Executive s attorney, and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. If Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the trade secret to his attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Executive (1) files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and (2) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by such section. Further, nothing in any agreement Executive has with the Company shall prohibit or restrict Executive from making any voluntary disclosure of information or documents related to any violation of law to any governmental agency or legislative body, or any self-regulatory organization, in each case, without advance notice to the Company. 

3. Affirmations . Executive affirms that he has not filed, caused to be filed, or presently is a party to any claim, complaint, or action against the Company or the other Releasees in any forum or form. Executive furthermore affirms that Executive has no known workplace injuries or occupational diseases, and has been provided and has not been denied any leave requested under the Family and Medical Leave Act. Executive disclaims and waives any right of reinstatement with the Company. 

4. Restrictive Covenants . Executive acknowledges and agree that each of the restrictive covenants to which Executive is subject as of the date hereof (including without limitation, the provisions set forth in Section 6 of the Employment Agreement) shall continue to apply in accordance with their terms for the applicable periods with respect thereto. 

5. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Texas without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Texas or any other jurisdiction). 

6. No Admission of Wrongdoing . The parties agree that neither this Agreement nor the furnishing of the consideration set forth in the Employment Agreement shall be deemed or construed at any time for any purpose as an admission by any party of any liability, wrongdoing 

or unlawful conduct of any kind. 

7. Consultation With Attorney; Voluntary Agreement . Executive acknowledges that 

(a) the Company has advised Executive of Executive s right to consult with an attorney of Executive s own choosing prior to executing this Agreement, (b) Executive has carefully read and fully understands all of the provisions of this Agreement, (c) Executive is entering into this Agreement, including the releases set forth in Section 1 , knowingly, freely and voluntarily in exchange for good and valuable consideration and (d) Executive would not be entitled to the benefits described in the applicable sections of the Employment Agreement in the absence of this Agreement. 
 8. Revocation . Executive acknowledges that Executive has been given 21 calendar days to consider the terms of this Agreement, although Executive may sign it sooner. Executive agrees that any modifications, material or otherwise, made to this agreement do not restart or affect in any manner the original 21 calendar day consideration period. Executive shall have seven calendar days from the date on which Executive sign this Agreement to revoke Executive s consent to the terms of this Agreement by providing notice to the Company in accordance with Section 9(a) of the Employment Agreement. Notice of such revocation must be received within the seven calendar days referenced above. In the event of such revocation by Executive, this Agreement shall not become effective and Executive shall not have any rights under Section 5[(b)][c] of the Employment Agreement. Provided that Executive does not revoke this Agreement within such seven calendar day period, this Agreement shall become effective on the eighth calendar day after the date on which Executive signs this Agreement. 

[Remainder of page is left blank intentionally] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF AND INTENDING TO BE LEGALLY BOUND THEREBY, 
 the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date written below. 
 
 FTC SOLAR, INC. 
 
 By: 		 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 EXECUTIVE 

[Name] 

[Signature Page to Release Agreement] 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-14.1>
 3
 ftci-ex14_1.htm
 EX-14.1

EX-14.1 

Exhibit 14.1 

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 
 
 Adopted as of 16 th April 2021 

Dear Colleagues, 
 The good name and reputation of FTC Solar, Inc. and its operating subsidiaries (collectively, the Company are a direct result of the dedication and hard work of all of us. Together, we are all collectively responsible for preserving and enhancing our reputation, a duty that is fundamental to our continued success. Our goal is not just to comply with the laws and regulations that apply to our business; we also strive to abide by world class standards of business conduct. 
 We set forth in the succeeding pages the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code ), which has been approved by the Board of Directors of FTC Solar, Inc. The purpose of the Code is to reinforce and enhance the Company s commitment to an ethical way of doing business. The contents of the Code are not new, however. The policies set forth here are part of the Company s tradition of ethical business standards. 
 All employees, officers and directors of the Company are expected to comply with the policies set forth in the Code. We have a zero-tolerance policy for violations of the Code. Read the Code carefully and make sure that you understand it, the consequences of non-compliance, and the Code s importance to the success of the Company. If you have any questions, speak to your supervisor, the Company s legal department or any of the other resources identified in this Code. The Code cannot and is not intended to cover every applicable law or provide answers to all questions that might arise; for that we must ultimately rely on each person s good sense of what is right, including a sense of when it is proper to seek guidance from others on the appropriate course of conduct. When in doubt about the advisability or propriety of a particular practice or matter, we believe it is always a good idea to seek such guidance. 
 We at the Company are committed to providing the best and most competitive services to our customers. Adherence to the policies set forth in the Code will help us achieve that goal. 

Sean Hunkler 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2 

I. INTRODUCTION 

FTC Solar, Inc. (the Company is committed to conducting its business in compliance with the law and the highest ethical standards and to promoting ethical and honest behavior within the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. As part of this commitment, the Company requires compliance with this Code of Conduct (the Code by all directors, officers and other employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Code is in addition to the Company s other corporate policies and procedures. Any individual violating the Code will be subject to disciplinary measures, up to and including termination of employment. 
 The General Counsel, together with the Board and any applicable committee thereof, is responsible for overseeing compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, governmental policies, the Code, and all other relevant Company policies and procedures. In this role, the General Counsel reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer, the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee. The Company is committed to establishing an environment that encourages and allows employees to seek and receive prompt guidance as to questionable conduct so that they do not engage in conduct that is unlawful, unethical, or creates a real or perceived conflict with their duties to the Company. 
 II. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS, RULES AND REGULATIONS 

Each individual covered by the Code, in connection with his or her activities related to or on behalf of the Company, is required to comply with applicable laws, rules, standards and regulations of federal, state and local governments, and other appropriate public or private regulatory, listing and standard-setting agencies. 
 Employment Laws and Practices 
 Federal and state laws provide employees with a variety of protections and rights. The Company is dedicated to the goal of providing equal employment opportunities for all employees and applicants for employment. All employees are required to refrain from any act which is designed to cause, or does cause, unlawful employment discrimination in any aspect of a person s employment. 
 Antitrust Laws 
 Antitrust laws are designed to ensure a fair and competitive free market system where no single company has a monopoly on providing a service or a product. We seek to maintain and grow our businesses through superior products and services not through improper or anticompetitive practices. Some of the most serious antitrust offenses occur between competitors, such as agreements to fix prices or to divide customers, territories or markets. Therefore, it is very important for you to not engage in any form of agreement or understanding with competitors to fix prices, rig bids, allocate customers or restrict the supply of products or services. Antitrust laws are complex and may vary among different countries and states. If you are unsure of appropriate practices, consult with the General Counsel for additional information and guidance. 
 3 

Global Trade Compliance Laws 
 The Company does business globally and complies with U.S. and other applicable laws and regulations governing trade compliance in order to ensure our ongoing success. Our activity is primarily regulated by U.S. trade compliance laws and regulations and we will not do business with parties or countries (or territories) that are subject to sanctions or embargoes; we will not support prohibited activities or organizations; we will obtain export authorization when required; and we will not agree to any boycott that is contrary to U.S. law. The Company expects all employees to be aware on the types of parties they are engaged with including the location of those parties. Trade compliance laws are complex and employees should consult the Company s Global Trade Compliance and Screening Policy when dealing with any foreign party. 
 Competition and Fair Dealing 
 The Company is committed not only to free competition, but to competition that is fair and ethical. This applies particularly to competitive intelligence gathering and to statements about our products and services and those of our competitors. The Company prohibits using illegal or unethical means to obtain confidential information from its business partners or competitors. We also prohibit improperly taking advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse or privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts or any other unfair practice. 
 In addition, the Company expects all employees to honor any disclosure or use restrictions on information obtained from former employers or other third parties. If you are unsure whether prior employer information would be considered confidential or subject to use restrictions, you should not use or share information until you have consulted with the General Counsel. 
 Anti-Bribery and Corruption 
 The Company conducts business honestly and is committed to winning and retaining business based on our merits. We do not offer or pay bribes to anyone, anywhere, anytime; this includes providing anything of value with the intent obtain an improper benefit to any government official or family member of a government official. 
 Employees are expected to conduct business honestly, ethically, and with the highest standard of integrity. All employees must read our Company s Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy as well as the Gifts and Hospitality policy when conducting business internationally. 
 III. POLITICAL ACTIVITIES AND CONTRIBUTIONS 

You must comply with all campaign finance and ethics laws. Generally, federal law prohibits the use of company funds, assets, services, or facilities on behalf of a political party or candidate in an election for a federal office. The Company s ability to contribute to state and local political campaigns or ballot initiatives is regulated by state laws. Only the General Counsel may authorize the use of corporate funds for political purposes. 
 If you are aware of any conduct which violates the Company s policy, you must immediately notify the General Counsel and refrain from participation in such questionable 
 4 

conduct until you are advised that it is allowable. The Company s policy is not intended to discourage or prohibit employees from: voluntarily making personal political contributions; participating in the political process on their own time and at their own expense; expressing their personal views on legislative or political matters; or otherwise engaging in political activities. 
 IV. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 

Each director, officer and employee should engage in honest and ethical conduct, including avoiding any actual or apparent conflict of interest between his or her personal affairs and relationships and his or her professional responsibilities to the Company. This means avoiding any activity that interferes, may interfere, or may appear to interfere with the ability of a director, officer or employee to act in accordance with the Company s best interests such as pursuing any existing business or any opportunity for prospective business that could be considered by the Company. Employees and officers may not hold outside employment that interferes with their job performance at the Company. Officers and directors should also refer to the Company policy regarding related party transactions for additional information. 
 Duty to Disclose Conflicts of Interest 
 All directors, officers and employees are obligated to review their personal and employment situations and should promptly report to the General Counsel any material transaction or relationship that could be expected to give rise to an actual or apparent conflict of interest. 
 Corporate Opportunities 
 If you become aware of a business or financial opportunity as part of your work with the Company, you are not permitted to use any such information or take that opportunity for your own personal gain. You should not use company property, information or position for personal gain and should not compete with the Company or any of its affiliates directly or indirectly. 
 V. BUSINESS COURTESIES 

When you make business decisions on behalf of the Company, we rely on you to be objective. Business courtesies such as meals, gifts, and entertainment should not compromise, or appear to compromise, your ability to make objective and fair business decisions. Gifts and entertainment may not be offered or exchanged under any circumstances to or with any employees of the U.S., state or local governments, or of any foreign governments. 
 
 Entertainment through special events (e. g, concerts, sporting events) must not be solicited or encouraged as a prerequisite for doing business with the Company. Such entertainment may, however, occasionally be accepted when appropriate (e.g., a meal) for business objectives and in compliance with the law. All such events should be discussed with your supervisor or the General Counsel. 
 
 Consult our General Counsel if you have any questions or concerns regarding the exchange of any gifts or other things of value. 
 5 

VI. DISCLOSURES 

It is company policy to make full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations in all reports and documents that the Company files with, or submits to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and in all other public communications made by the Company. All directors, officers and employees are required to comply with this policy and to abide by the Company s standards, policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with this policy. 
 Proper Accounting and Financial Integrity 
 The Company s financial accounting system was established to record and control all financial transactions of the Company. All Company records must be maintained accurately. All transactions must be executed only in accordance with management s general or specific authorization. The Company s books, records, and accounts must reflect, accurately and fairly, within the Company s normal system of accounting, all transactions of the Company including the acquisition and disposition of its assets. 
 No payment on behalf of the Company shall be approved or made with the intention, understanding, or awareness that any part of such payment is to be used for any purpose other than that described by the documents supporting the payments. All payments made by, or on behalf of, the Company must be supported by the appropriate documentation, properly describing their purposes. 
 All of the Company s assets and liabilities must be recorded in the regular books of the Company pursuant to generally accepted accounting procedures. Under no circumstances shall there be any unrecorded fund or asset of the Company, regardless of the purposes for which such fund or asset may have been intended, or any improper or inaccurate entry knowingly made on the books and records of the Company. 
 VII. KEEPING INFORMATION CONFIDENTIAL 

Confidential information and trade secrets may consist of any plan, procedure, names of customers, forecasts, or compilation of information not available to the general public. However, information ceases to be confidential once it has entered the public domain. 
 Disclosure of Confidential Information 
 One of our most important assets is the information that we generate in the course of business, whether technical, business, financial or otherwise. All information that you receive or obtain while you are employed with the Company, including, without limitation, information regarding the Company s business, employees, vendors, business partners or customers, is the property of the Company. This information, which we refer to collectively in the Code as Company information, includes non-public information that might be of use to competitors, or harmful to our business partners or us if disclosed. Protecting Company information is very important to our continued growth and ability to compete. Such information should be disclosed only if properly authorized. 
 6 

You may not use Company information against the Company s interests and you may not retain, use or disclose Company information after you are no longer employed with the Company. You may not retain any Company information after your employment ends. 
 Insider Trading 
 All non-public information about the Company should be considered confidential information. Key functionaries and employees who have access to confidential information about the Company are not permitted to use or share that information for purposes of trading in the securities of the Company (or any other entity) or for any other purpose unrelated to the conduct of the Company s business. For example, using non-public information for personal financial benefit or to tip others who might make an investment decision on the basis of this information is not only unethical, but illegal. Refer to the Company s Insider Trading Policy or contact the General Counsel with any questions. 
 Social Networks 
 We recognize that social media can be a powerful communication tool for sharing ideas and exchanging information. However, if not done properly, use of social media may expose the Company to additional risk. Never post information about or discuss any product, service, or other company business, unless approved by the General Counsel and the Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. If you see anything posted on a social media site that may include misinformation or a customer complaint, please notify the General Counsel. 
 VIII. REPORTING ILLEGAL OR UNETHICAL BEHAVIOR 

Information about known or suspected violations of any applicable laws, rules or regulations or Company policies, including the Code , other than concerns regarding Accounting Matters (as defined below), on the part of any director, officer, employee or other third party such as an independent agent, adjuster, appraiser, supplier, or vendor must be reported immediately to the General Counsel. If the General Counsel is the subject of such report, you may report the violation to the Chief Executive Officer or the Board or any applicable committee thereof. You should contact the General Counsel for clarification or interpretation of any of the policies or provisions of the Code. 
 Employees are expected to demonstrate reasonable grounds for concern and encouraged to provide sufficient information to permit a thorough investigation of their concerns. Reports of a violation, or possible violation, may be made anonymously by calling our toll-free hotline at (888)448-4821 or accessing our website at http://ftcsolar.ethicspoint.com/Direct , which is managed by an independent third-party service provider and allows employees to report a complaint anonymously. 
 Reports of a violation, or possible violation, may also be made by telephone, email, in person or in writing. A sufficiently detailed description of the factual basis for the allegations should be given in order to allow for an appropriate investigation. Contact information for reporting violations, or possible violations, is: 
 7 

CONFIDENTIAL 
 FTC Solar, Inc. 
 9020 N Capital of Texas Hwy, Suite I-260 
 Austin, Texas 78759 
 
 Attention: 	General Counsel 
 
 Accounting Matters 
 Any employee may submit a good faith complaint regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters Accounting Matters ). The Audit Committee will oversee treatment of complaints and employee concerns in this area. 
 Anti-Retaliation 
 The Company prohibits any form of intimidation, harassment, threats, discrimination or other retaliation or adverse employment consequence against any employee who reports a complaint in good faith. Any act of alleged retaliation should be reported immediately to the General Counsel or the Chair of the Audit Committee. 
 Any employee found to have knowingly made a false complaint with malicious intent or to have knowingly produced false information with respect to the complaint may be subject to disciplinary measures, up to and including termination of employment. 
 Investigations 
 All directors, officers and employees are required to cooperate with the General Counsel or his or her designees regarding any investigation into a potential violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations or Company policies, including the Code. Based on the characteristics of the possible violation, other representatives involved in the investigation may include the Company s internal audit function or an independent third party. Following the investigation, if necessary, the investigation team may recommend corrective actions to the appropriate managers for implementation. 
 The identity of the individual reporting possible violations will be kept confidential, to the fullest extent practicable, consistent with enforcing the Code and in accordance with the Company s legal rights and obligations under applicable law. At that time, the information will only be released on a need-to-know basis, consistent with applicable law. Requests for information by law enforcement officials should be immediately referred to the General Counsel. 
 IX. WAIVERS AND REVISIONS 

Waivers of or exceptions to the Code will be granted only in rare circumstances. Any waiver of the Code for a director or officer, or any amendment of the Code, may only be made by the Company s Board of Directors or the appropriate committee of the Board and will be promptly disclosed in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. All related person transactions 
 8 

must be approved by Audit Committee in accordance with any Company policy regarding related party transactions. Waivers for all other employees will be considered by the Chief Executive Officer, together with the General Counsel. 
 X. CERTIFICATION OF THE CODE 

Due to the importance of adhering to these principles of business conduct and ethics, the Company requires directors, officers and employees to submit a certification confirming that they have received the Code, read it, understood it, agree to comply with it and abide the standards and procedures contained therein. Such certification may be submitted electronically in a manner provided for by the Company. Abiding by the standards and procedures outlined in the Code and the Company s other policies is a condition of continued employment with the Company and continued service as a director. Any questions as to the issues or interpretation of policies covered in the Code should be directed to the General Counsel. 
 
 9 

FTC SOLAR, INC. 
 ANNUAL COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATION 
 
 1. I have received, read and understand the Code of Conduct (the Code ). I agree to comply with each of the terms of the Code. 
 2. (a)	I have not received any gifts, entertainment or favors in violation of this Code of Conduct, and confirm my complete compliance with the Code of Conduct, or 
 (b)	I have listed below any present or anticipated financial interest, outside employment or other activities and any additional information that might constitute a conflict of interest or a violation of the Code of Conduct. 

I understand that if any changes should occur, I will immediately complete a new Compliance Certification Form. 

Executed on __________________, 2021 

Signature:_________________________________ 
 
 Name: 							 
 
 Department: 						 
 10 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-19.1>
 4
 ftci-ex19_1.htm
 EX-19.1

EX-19.1 

Exhibit 19.1 
 
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY 
 
 Adopted 16 th April 2021 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ 
 In the course of conducting the business of FTC Solar, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, the Company ), you may come into possession of material information about the Company or other entities that is not available to the investing public (referenced herein as material nonpublic information , as explained in greater detail below). You have a legal and ethical obligation to maintain the confidentiality of material nonpublic information. In addition, it is illegal and a violation of Company policy to purchase or sell securities of the Company or any other entity while you are in possession of material nonpublic information about the Company or that other entity obtained in the course of your position with the Company. The Company s Board of Directors has adopted this Policy in order to ensure compliance with the law and to avoid even the appearance of improper conduct by anyone associated with the Company. 
 I. PERSONS SUBJECT TO THIS POLICY 

The procedures and restrictions set forth in this Policy apply to all Company officers, directors and employees, wherever located. The Company may also determine that other persons should be subject to this Policy, such as contractors or consultants, who have access to material nonpublic information. This Policy also applies to family members, such as spouses, minor children, adult family members who share the same household, and any other person or entity whose securities trading decisions are influenced or controlled by the officer, director or employee (collectively, Related Insiders ). For additional information regarding post-termination transactions, see section XIII of this Policy. 
 II. TRANSACTIONS SUBJECT TO THIS POLICY 

This Policy applies to transactions in common stock, preferred stock, bonds and other debt securities, options to purchase common stock, convertible debentures and warrants, as well as derivative securities whether or not issued by the Company, such as exchange-traded put or call options or swaps relating to the Company s securities. See the section V, Special Transactions and section VII, Prohibited Transactions for further discussion of certain types of securities and transactions. 
 To avoid even the appearance of impropriety, additional restrictions on trading Company securities apply to directors, officers and certain designated employees who have regular access to material nonpublic information about the Company. These policies are set forth in the Company s Addendum to the Insider Trading Policy , attached hereto (the Addendum ). The Company will notify you if you are subject to the Addendum. The Addendum generally prohibits directors, officers, and designated employees from trading in Company securities during blackout periods and requires pre-clearance for all transactions in Company securities. 

III. INDIVIDUAL RESPONSIBILITY 

Each person subject to this Policy is individually responsible for complying with this Policy and ensuring the compliance of any Related Insiders whose transactions are subject to this Policy. Accordingly, you should make your family and household members aware of the need to confer with you before they trade in Company securities, and you should treat all such transactions for the purposes of this Policy and applicable securities laws concerning trading while in possession of material nonpublic information as if the transactions were for your own account. 
 In all cases, the responsibility for determining whether an individual is in possession of material nonpublic information rests with that individual, and any action on the part of the Company or any other employee pursuant to this Policy (or otherwise) does not in any way constitute legal advice or insulate an individual from liability under applicable securities laws. 
 IV. MATERIAL NONPUBLIC INFORMATION 

What is Material Information? Under Company policy and United States laws, information is material if: 
 there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider the information important in determining whether to trade in a security; or 

the information, if made public, likely would affect the market price of a company s securities. 

Information may be material even if it relates to future, speculative or contingent events and even if it is significant only when considered in combination with publicly available information. Material information can be positive or negative. Nonpublic information can be material, even with respect to companies that do not have publicly-traded stock, such as those with outstanding bonds. 
 Depending on the facts and circumstances, information that could be considered material includes, but is not limited to, information pertaining to the following: 
 earnings announcements or guidance, or changes to previously released announcements or guidance; 

other unpublished financial results; 

execution, termination or deferral of significant contracts; 

expansion or curtailment of operations and business disruptions; 

a cybersecurity incident or risk that may adversely impact the Company s business, reputation or share value; 

development of a significant new product, process, or service; 

new inventions or discoveries; 

2 

pending or threatened significant litigation or government action, or the resolution thereof; 

a pending or proposed merger, acquisition, tender offer, joint venture, restructuring or change in assets; 

news of the disposition, construction or acquisition of significant assets; 

significant developments to the Company s relationships with material counterparties; 

new investments or financings or developments regarding investments or financing; 

changes in analyst recommendations or debt ratings; 

write-downs and additions to reserves for contingencies; 

changes in control of the Company or extraordinary management developments; 

changes in the Company s pricing or cost structure; 

extraordinary borrowing or other financing transactions out of the ordinary course; 

liquidity problems or impending bankruptcy; 

changes in auditors or auditor notification that the Company may no longer rely on an audit report; 

the gain or loss of a significant customer or manufacturer; or 

events regarding the Company s securities e.g ., defaults on senior securities, calls of securities for redemption, repurchase plans, stock splits, changes in dividends, changes to the rights of securityholders or an offering of additional securities). 

What is Nonpublic Information? Information is considered to be nonpublic unless it has been adequately disclosed to the public. This means that the information must be publicly disseminated and sufficient time must have passed for the securities markets to digest the information. 
 It is important to note that information is not necessarily public merely because it has been discussed in the press or on social media, which will sometimes report rumors. You should presume that information is nonpublic, unless you can point to its official release by the Company in at least one of the following ways: 
 publicly available filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or securities regulatory authorities; 

issuance of press releases via major newswire such as Dow Jones or Reuters; 

meetings with members of the press and the public; or 

posting the information on the Company s website at www.ftcsolar.com or other method of wide dissemination. 

3 

You may not attempt to beat the market by trading simultaneously with, or shortly after, the official release of material information. Although there is no fixed period for how long it takes the market to absorb information, out of prudence a person in possession of material nonpublic information should refrain from any trading activity for 24 hours following its official release. 
 Twenty-Twenty Hindsight . If securities transactions ever become the subject of scrutiny, they are likely to be viewed after-the-fact with the benefit of hindsight. As a result, before engaging in any transaction you should carefully consider how the transaction may be construed in the bright light of hindsight. If you have any questions or uncertainties about this Policy or a proposed transaction, please ask the General Counsel. 
 V. TIPPING MATERIAL NONPUBLIC INFORMATION IS PROHIBITED 

In addition to trading while in possession of material nonpublic information, it is also illegal and a violation of this Policy to provide such information to another tipping who may trade or to advise another to trade on the basis of such information. This Policy applies regardless of whether the person or entity who receives the information, the tippee, is related to you and regardless of whether you receive any monetary benefit from the tippee. 
 VI. SPECIAL TRANSACTIONS 

The trading restrictions in this Policy do not apply in the case of the following transactions (the Special Transactions ), except as specifically noted: 
 A. Stock Option Plans. The trading restrictions in this Policy do not apply to exercises of stock options that the Company may grant where no Company common stock is sold in the market to fund the option exercise price or related taxes i.e ., a net exercise or where cash is paid to exercise the option) or to the exercise of a tax withholding right pursuant to which a person has elected to have the Company withhold shares subject to an option to satisfy tax withholding requirements. The trading restrictions do apply , however, to subsequent sales of Company common stock received upon the exercise of options in which the proceeds are used to fund the option exercise price i.e. , a cashless exercise of options) or related taxes. In addition, the Company reserves the right to limit or restrict stock option exercises or tax withholdings not made pursuant to standing elections in appropriate circumstances. 

B. 401(k) Plan. The trading restrictions in this Policy do not apply to purchases of Company stock in any 401(k) plan that the Company may adopt, resulting from periodic contributions of money to the plan pursuant to payroll deduction elections. The trading restrictions do apply , however, to elections made under a 401(k) plan to: (i) increase or decrease the percentage of periodic contributions that will be allocated to the Company stock fund; (ii) make an intra-plan transfer of an existing account balance into or out of the Company stock fund; (iii) borrow money against a 401(k) plan account if the loan will result in a liquidation of some or all of a Company stock fund balance; and (iv) pre-pay a plan loan if the pre-payment will result in allocation of loan proceeds to the Company stock fund. 

C. Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The trading restrictions in this Policy do not apply to purchases of Company stock in any employee stock purchase plan that the Company may 

4 

adopt, resulting from periodic payroll contributions to the plan under an election made at the time of enrollment in the plan. The trading restrictions also do not apply to purchases of Company securities resulting from lump sum contributions to the plan, provided that you elected to participate by lump sum payment at the beginning of the applicable enrollment period. The trading restrictions do apply , however, to an election to participate in the plan or changes in payroll contributions made outside of an open enrollment period and to subsequent sales of Company stock purchased under the plan. 

D. Restricted Stock Awards. The trading restrictions in this Policy do not apply to the vesting of restricted stock, or the exercise of a tax withholding right pursuant to which you elect to have the Company withhold shares of stock to satisfy tax withholding requirements upon the vesting of any restricted stock. The trading restrictions do apply , however, to any market sale of restricted stock. 

E. Dividend Reinvestment Plan. The trading restrictions in this Policy do not apply to purchases of Company securities under any dividend reinvestment plan that the Company may adopt resulting from your reinvestment of dividends paid on Company securities. The trading restrictions do apply, however, to: (i) voluntary purchases of Company securities resulting from additional contributions you choose to make to the dividend reinvestment plan; (ii) your election to participate in the plan or change your level of participation in the plan; and (iii) your sale of any Company securities purchased pursuant to the plan. 

F. Other Similar Transactions. Any other purchase of Company securities directly from the Company or sales of Company securities directly to the Company may be exempted from the trading restrictions of this Policy with the approval of the General Counsel or Board of Directors. 

VII. GIFTS OF SECURITIES 

Bona fide gifts of securities are not transactions subject to this Policy, unless the person making the gift has reason to believe that the recipient intends to sell the Company securities while the officer, director, or employee is aware of material nonpublic information, or the person making the gift is subject to the trading restrictions specified in the Addendum (in which case pre-clearance is required). Gifts of securities may include gifts to trusts for estate planning purposes, as well as donations to a charitable organization. Whether a gift is bona fide may depend on various circumstances surrounding the gift. Accordingly, you are encouraged to consult the General Counsel when contemplating a gift of securities. 
 VIII. PROHIBITED TRANSACTIONS 

Due to the heightened legal risk associated with the following transactions, the individuals subject to this Policy may not engage in the following: 
 A. Publicly-Traded Options. You may not trade in options, warrants, puts and calls or similar instruments on Company securities. Given the relatively short term of publicly-traded options, transactions in options may create the appearance that a director, officer or other employee is trading based on material nonpublic information and focus a director s, 

5 

officer s or other employee s attention on short-term performance at the expense of the Company s long-term objectives. 

B. Short Sales. You may not engage in short sales of Company securities. A short sale has occurred if the seller (i) does not own the securities sold or (ii) does own the securities sold, but does not deliver them within 20 days or place them in the mail within 5 days of the sale. Short sales may reduce a seller s incentive to seek to improve the Company s performance and often have the potential to signal to the market that the seller lacks confidence in the Company s prospects. 

C. Margin Accounts and Pledges. Because a margin sale or foreclosure sale may occur at a time when the pledgor is aware of material nonpublic information or otherwise is not permitted to trade in Company securities, you may not hold Company securities in a margin account or otherwise pledge Company securities as collateral for a loan. 

D. Hedging Transactions. You may not engage (directly or indirectly) in hedging transactions, or otherwise engage in transactions that hedge or offset, or are designed to hedge or offset, any decrease in the market value of Company securities. Hedging transactions include (but are not limited to) collars, equity swaps, exchange funds and prepaid variable forward sale contracts. Hedging transactions may allow a director, officer or other employee to continue to own Company securities, but without the full risks and rewards of ownership. This may lead to the director, officer or other employee no longer having the same objectives as the Company s other shareholders. 

E. Short-Term Trading. If you purchase Company securities in the open market, you may not sell any Company securities of the same class (which includes any other securities that are convertible or exchangeable into such class) during the six months following the purchase (or vice versa). Short-term trading of Company securities may be distracting to the person and may unduly focus the person on the Company s short-term stock market performance instead of the Company s long-term business objectives. 

F. Standing and Limit Orders. You may not place standing or limit orders on Company securities. Standing and limit orders create heightened risks for insider trading violations because there is no control over the timing of purchases or sales that result from standing instructions to a broker, and as a result, the broker could execute a transaction when a director, officer or other employee is in possession of material nonpublic information. 

IX. RULE 10B5-1 TRADING PLANS 

Notwithstanding the prohibition against insider trading, SEC Rule 10b5-1 provides an affirmative defense against insider trading liability under Rule 10b-5. A person subject to this Policy can rely on this defense and trade in Company securities, regardless of their awareness of inside information, if the transaction occurs pursuant to a pre-arranged written trading plan Rule 10b5-1 Plan that was entered into when the person was not in possession of material nonpublic information and that complies with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1. 
 Anyone subject to this Policy who wishes to enter into a Rule 10b5-1 Plan must submit the Rule 10b5-1 Plan to the General Counsel for its approval at least five business days prior to the 
 6 

planned entry into the Rule 10b5-1 Plan. Rule 10b5-1Plans may not be adopted by a person when he or she is in possession of material nonpublic information about the Company. 
 Once the Rule 10b5-1 Plan is adopted, you must not exercise any subsequent influence over the amount of securities to be traded, the price at which they are to be traded or the date of the trade. You may amend or replace a Rule 10b5-1 Plan only during periods when trading is permitted in accordance with this Policy, and you must submit any proposed amendment or replacement of a Rule 10b5-1 Plan to the General Counsel for approval prior to adoption. You must provide notice to the General Counsel prior to terminating a Rule 10b5-1 Plan. You should understand that frequent modifications or terminations of a Rule 10b5-1 Plan may call into question your good faith in entering into the plan (and therefore may jeopardize the availability of the affirmative defense against insider trading allegations). 
 X. SAFEGUARDING CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 

At all times during the term of your employment relationship with the Company and thereafter, you must hold in the strictest confidence and not disclose Confidential Information (as defined below) to any person, firm, corporation or other entity, without the written authorization from the General Counsel of the Company, and not use Confidential Information except to perform your obligations to the Company with the scope of your employment relationship, until such Confidential Information becomes publicly and widely known and made generally available through no wrongful act of yours or of others who were under confidentiality obligations as to the item or items involved. Further, you should not make any copies of Confidential Information except as authorized by the General Counsel of the Company. 
 The following practices should be followed to help prevent the misuse of Confidential Information: 
 Avoid discussing Confidential Information with colleagues in places where you may be overheard by people who do not have a valid need to know such information, including public areas such as elevators, restaurants and airplanes. 

Take great care when discussing Confidential Information on speaker phones or on cellular phones in locations where you may be overheard. Do not discuss such information with relatives or social acquaintances. 

Do not share your computer or other account IDs and passwords with any other person. Password protect computers and log off when they are not in use. 

Always put confidential documents away when not in use and, based upon the sensitivity of the material, keep such documents in a locked desk or office. Do not leave documents containing Confidential Information where they may be seen by persons who do not have a need to know the content of the documents. 

Be aware that the Internet and other external electronic mail carriers are not secure environments for the transmission of Confidential Information. Use Company-authorized encryption software, if provided to you, to protect confidential electronic communications. 

Comply with the specific terms of any confidentiality agreements of which you are aware. 

7 

Upon termination of your employment, you must return to the Company all physical (including electronic) copies of Confidential Information as well as all other material embodied in any physical or electronic form that is based on or derived from such information, without retaining any copies. 

You may not bring the Confidential Information of any former employer to the Company. 

As used in this Policy, Confidential Information means information not generally known or available outside the Company and information entrusted to the Company in confidence by third parties. Confidential Information includes, without limitation, all inventions, technical data, trade secrets, know-how, research, product or service ideas or plans, software code and designs, developments, processes, formulas, techniques, biological materials, mask works, designs and drawings, hardware configuration information, information relating to employees and other service providers of the Company (including, but not limited to, their names, contact information, jobs, compensation and expertise), information relating to manufacturers and customers (including, but not limited to, their names, contact information, jobs, compensation and expertise), information relating to suppliers and customers (including, but not limited to, those on whom you called or with whom you became acquainted during your employment relationship), information relating to stockholders or lenders, price lists, pricing methodologies, cost data, market share data, marketing plans, licenses, contract information, business plans, financial forecasts, historical financial data, budgets or other business information. 
 XI. RESPONDING TO REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION 

You may find yourself the recipient of questions concerning various activities of the Company. Such inquiries can come from the media, securities analysts and others regarding the Company s business, rumors, trading activity, current and future prospects and plans, acquisition or divestiture activities and other similar important information. Under no circumstances should you attempt to handle these inquiries without prior authorization from the Vice President Corporate Communications and the General Counsel. Only Company individuals specifically authorized to do so may answer questions about or disclose information concerning the Company. 
 Refer requests for information regarding the Company from the financial community, such as securities analysts, brokers or investors, to the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President Corporate Communications and the General Counsel. 

Refer requests for information regarding the Company from the media or press to the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Vice President Corporate Communications and the General Counsel. 

Refer requests for information from the SEC or other regulators to the Vice President Corporate Communications and the General Counsel. 

Ordinary course business discussions about the Company s products and/or services that you conduct as part of your job description are permitted. 
 8 

XII. REPORTING VIOLATIONS/SEEKING ADVICE 

You should refer suspected violations of this Policy to the General Counsel or through the reporting procedures set forth in the Company s Code of Conduct and/or Whistleblower Policy. In addition, if you: 
 receive material nonpublic information that you are not authorized to receive or that you do not need to know to perform your employment responsibilities; or 

receive Confidential Information and are unsure if it is within the definition of material nonpublic information or whether its release might be contrary to a fiduciary or other duty or obligation, 

you should not share it with anyone. To seek advice about what to do under those circumstances, you should contact the General Counsel. Consulting your colleagues may have the effect of exacerbating the problem, as containment of the information, until the legal implications of possessing it are determined, is critical. 
 XIII. POST-TERMINATION TRANSACTIONS 

This Policy, and the Addendum, continue to apply to transactions in Company securities even after a person s service with the Company is terminated. If a person is in possession of material nonpublic information when his or her service terminates, that individual may not trade in Company securities until that information has become public or is no longer material. Questions or concerns on whether any continuing nonpublic information remains material should be directed to the General Counsel. The pre-clearance procedures specified in the Addendum, however, will cease to apply to transactions in Company securities upon the expiration of any blackout period or other Company-imposed trading restrictions applicable at the time of the termination of service. 
 XIV. PENALTIES FOR VIOLATIONS OF THE INSIDER TRADING LAWS AND THIS POLICY 

In the United States and many other countries, the personal consequences to you of illegal insider trading can be severe. In addition to injunctive relief, disgorgement and other ancillary remedies, U.S. law empowers the government to seek significant civil penalties against persons found liable of insider trading, including as tippers or tippees. The amount of a penalty could total three times the profits made or losses avoided. The maximum penalty may be assessed even against tippers for the profits made or losses avoided by all tippees, including remote tippees i.e., others who may have been tipped by the tippee). Further, civil penalties of the greater of 1 million or three times the profits made or losses avoided can be imposed on any person who controls a person who engages in illegal insider trading. 
 Criminal penalties may also be assessed for insider trading. Any person who willfully violates any provision of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (or rule promulgated thereunder) may be fined up to 5 million 25 million for entities) and/or imprisoned for up to 20 years. Subject to applicable law, Company employees who violate this Policy may also be subject to discipline by the Company, up to and including termination of employment, even if the country or jurisdiction where the conduct took place does not regard it as illegal. Needless to say, a violation 
 9 

of law, or even a governmental or regulatory investigation that does not result in prosecution, can tarnish a person s reputation and irreparably damage a career. 
 If you are located or engaged in dealings outside the U.S., be aware that laws regarding insider trading and similar offenses differ from country to country. Employees must abide by the laws in the country where located. However, you are required to comply with this Policy even if local law is less restrictive. If a local law conflicts with this Policy, you must consult the General Counsel. 

10 

FTC Solar, Inc. 
 
 ADDENDUM TO 
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY 
 1. INTRODUCTION 

This Addendum explains requirements and procedures, which apply to all directors and officers (collectively, Section 16 Insiders subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), as well as certain designated employees of FTC Solar, Inc. (the Company who have access to material nonpublic information about the Company, and is in addition to and supplements the Company Insider Trading Policy (the Policy ). The names and/or positions of the designated persons subject to this Addendum are listed on attached Schedule A . The Company may from time to time designate other names and/or positions that are subject to this Addendum and will amend Schedule A from time to time as necessary to reflect such changes or the resignation or change of status of any individual. Please note that this Addendum applies to all Company securities which you hold or may acquire in the future. 
 Please read this Addendum carefully. When you have completed your review, please sign the attached acknowledgment form and return it to the Company s General Counsel. Such acknowledgment may be submitted electronically in a manner provided for by the Company. 
 2. PRE-CLEARANCE PROCEDURES 

Those subject to this Addendum, as well as their spouses, minor children, adult family members sharing the same household and any other person or entity over whom the individual exercises influence or control over his, her or its securities trading decisions (collectively, Related Insiders ), may not engage in any transaction involving the Company s securities (including the exercise of stock options, gifts, loans, contributions to a trust or any other transfers) without first obtaining pre-clearance of the transaction from the Company s General Counsel. Each proposed transaction will be evaluated to determine if it raises insider trading concerns or other concerns under federal laws and regulations. Any advice will relate solely to the restraints imposed by law and will not constitute advice regarding the investment aspects of any transaction. Clearance of a transaction must be re-requested if the transaction order is not placed within 24 hours of obtaining pre-clearance. If clearance is denied, the fact of such denial must be kept confidential by the person requesting such clearance. 
 When requesting pre-clearance, the requestor should carefully consider whether he or she may be aware of any material nonpublic information about the Company, and should describe fully those circumstances to the Company s General Counsel. The requestor should also indicate whether he or she has effected any non-exempt opposite-way transactions within the past six months, and should be prepared to report the proposed transaction on an appropriate Form 4 or 5, if applicable. The requestor should also be prepared to comply with SEC Rule 144 and file Form 144, if advisable, at the time of any sale. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, pre-clearance is not required for any trades made pursuant to a pre-arranged Rule 10b5-1 Plan adopted in accordance with the requirements of the Company s 
 A- 1 

Insider Trading Policy. Pre-clearance is also not required for the Special Transactions to which the Policy does not apply, subject to certain exceptions described in section VI of the Policy. 
 3. BLACKOUT PERIODS 

Those individuals subject to this Addendum (and Related Insiders) are subject to the following blackout periods, during which they may not trade in the Company s securities (except by means of pre-arranged Rule 10b5-1 Plans established in compliance with the Policy and for Special Transactions on the terms described in Section VI). 
 Quarterly Blackout . Because the announcement of the Company s quarterly financial results will almost always have the potential to have a material effect on the market for the Company s securities, you may not trade in the Company s securities during the period beginning on the fifteenth day of the last month of the quarter and ending 24 hours following the release of the Company s earnings for that quarter. 
 Interim Earnings Guidance Blackout . The Company may on occasion issue interim earnings guidance or other potentially material information by means of a press release, SEC filing on Form 8-K or other means designed to achieve widespread dissemination of the information. You should anticipate that trading will be blacked out while the Company is in the process of assembling the information to be released and until the information has been released and fully absorbed by the market. 
 Event-Specific Blackout . From time to time, an event may occur that is material to the Company and is known by only a few directors, officers and/or employees. The existence of an event-specific blackout will not be announced. If, however, a person whose trades are subject to pre-clearance requests permission to trade in the Company s securities during an event-specific blackout, the General Counsel will inform the requesting person of the existence of a blackout period, without disclosing the reason for the blackout. Any person made aware of the existence of an event-specific blackout should not disclose the existence of the blackout to any other person. 
 NOTE : Even if a blackout period is not in effect, at no time may you trade in Company securities if you are in possession of material nonpublic information about the Company. The failure of the General Counsel to notify you of an event-specific blackout will not relieve you of the obligation not to trade while in possession of material nonpublic information. 
 4. REPORTING AND FORM FILING REQUIREMENTS 

Under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, directors and officers of the Company, as well as beneficial owners of more than 10 of the outstanding shares of any class of voting Company equity securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, must file forms with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC disclosing their direct and indirect pecuniary interest in most transactions involving the Company s equity securities. In this context, equity securities of the Company include shares of the classes of equity securities created under the Company s governing documents, such as common stock, as well as any securities (regardless of whether issued by the Company) that are exchangeable for or convertible into, or that derive their value from, an equity security of the Company. These other securities are known as derivative 
 A- 2 

securities , and include options, restricted share units, warrants, convertible securities and stock appreciation rights. 
 A. Forms 3, 4 and 5 

The General Counsel will assist directors and officers in preparing and filing the following Section 16 reports but each individual director and officer is responsible for the timing and contents of his or her reports: 
 Form 3, Initial Beneficial Ownership Statement . A person who becomes a director or officer of the Company must file a Form 3 within 10 calendar days of becoming a director or officer, even if such person does not own any Company equity securities at the time. The Form 3 must disclose such person s position and ownership of any Company equity securities as of immediately prior to assuming office. 

Form 4, Changes of Beneficial Ownership Statement . As long as a person remains a director or officer, and for up to six months after a person no longer holds such a position with the Company, a Form 4 must be filed with the SEC before 10:00 p.m., Eastern, on the second business day following any transaction by that person, whether directly or indirectly, in Company equity securities. There are exceptions to this requirement for gifts, reinvestments pursuant to a broadly available dividend reinvestment plan and a very limited class of employee benefit plan transactions. 

Form 5, Annual Beneficial Ownership Statement . A Form 5 must be filed with the SEC by any individual who served as a director or officer of the Company during any part of the Company s fiscal year to report: 

all reportable transactions in Company equity securities that were specifically eligible for deferred reporting on Form 5; 

all transactions that should have been reported during the last fiscal year but were not; and 

with respect to an individual s first Form 5, all transactions which should have been reported but were not for the last two fiscal years. 

A Form 5 need not be filed if all transactions otherwise reportable have been previously reported. If required, Form 5 must be filed within 45 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year, or the first business day thereafter. Common types of transactions reportable on Form 5 include gifts and certain acquisitions of less than 10,000 in any six-month period, either of which may be reported on a voluntary basis on any Form 4 filed before the Form 5 is due. 
 B. Indirect Ownership by Related Insiders 

The reports described above must also reflect any indirect ownership by directors and officers, including all holdings and transactions by Related Insiders. This includes changes in ownership by immediate family members living in the director s or officer s household and any other person or entity over whom the individual exercises influence or control over his, her or its securities trading decisions. For this purpose, immediate family includes a spouse, children, 
 A- 3 

stepchildren, grandchildren, parents, grandparents, stepparents and siblings, including in-laws and adoptive relationships. 
 Any questions concerning whether a particular transaction will necessitate filing of one of these Forms, or how or when they should be completed should be asked of the Company s General Counsel, or, if you prefer, your individual legal counsel. The Company must disclose in its Annual Report on Form 10-K and in its Proxy Statement any delinquent filings of Forms 3, 4 or 5 by directors and officers, and must post on its website, by the end of the business day after filing with the SEC, any Forms 3, 4 and 5 relating to the Company s securities. 
 C. Reporting Exemptions for Certain Employee Benefit Plan Transactions 

Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act provides exemptions for director and officer reporting of certain employee benefit plan events on Forms 4 and 5, including certain routine transactions under tax-conditioned thrift, stock purchase and excess benefit plans. 
 A transaction that results only in a change in the form of a person s beneficial ownership is also exempt from reporting. An exempt change in the form of beneficial ownership would include, for example, a distribution of benefit plan securities to an insider participant where the securities were previously attributable to the insider. Exercises or conversions of derivative securities would not, however, be considered mere changes in beneficial ownership and would be reportable. 
 The vesting of most stock options, restricted stock and stock appreciation rights is also not subject to the reporting requirements, although related share-withholding transactions, if any, would give rise to Form 4 reporting obligations. 
 5. SHORT-SWING TRADING PROFITS AND SHORT SALES 

A. Short-Swing Trading Profits 

In order to discourage directors and officers from profiting through short-term trading transactions in equity securities of the Company, Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act requires that any short-swing profits be disgorged to the Company. (This is in addition to the reporting requirements described above.) 
 Short-swing profits are the profits, whether real or notional, that result from any purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) of the Company s equity securities within a six-month period, unless there is an applicable exemption for either transaction. It is important to note that this rule applies to any matched transactions in the Company s securities (including derivative securities), not only a purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) of the same shares, or even of the same class of securities. Furthermore, pursuant to the SEC s rules, profit is determined so as to maximize the amount that the director or officer must disgorge, and this amount may not be offset by any losses realized. Short-swing profits may exceed economic profits. 
 B. Short-Swing Exemptions for Employee Benefit Plan Transactions 

A- 4 

As indicated, to come within the short-swing rules, a purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) within any period of less than six months are matched to determine whether a director or officer has realized profit subject to the short-swing profit rule described above, but Rule 16b-3 creates an exemption for, or permits the Company s board of directors or a qualifying committee to exempt, certain transactions between (i) a director or officer and (ii) the Company or certain benefit plans sponsored by the Company. 
 Under this Rule certain transactions involving acquisitions of equity securities under employee benefit plans are not counted as purchases for purposes of the short-swing profit rule, provided that the benefit plan meets various statutory requirements. 
 The Company s 2021 Stock Incentive Plan meets these requirements, and therefore an ordinary-course acquisition of equity securities under any of them generally speaking is not treated as a purchase subject to the short-swing profit rule. 
 C. Prohibition Against Short Sales 

As set out in Section VIII, you may not engage in short sales of Company securities. A short sale has occurred if the seller: (a) does not own the securities sold; or (b) does own the securities sold, but does not deliver them within 20 days or place them in the mail within 5 days of the sale. Short sales may reduce a seller s incentive to seek to improve the Company s performance, and often have the potential to signal to the market that the seller lacks confidence in the Company s prospects. 
 6. LIMITATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS ON RESALES OF THE COMPANY S SECURITIES 

The Securities Act requires that securities may be sold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption from the registration requirements. Directors and certain officers who are (or were within the prior 90 days) affiliates of the Company and who wish to sell Company securities may seek a safe harbor for their sales to establish an exemption from such registration requirements by complying with the conditions of Rule 144 applicable to affiliates. Securities under Rule 144 are broadly defined to include all securities, not just equity securities. The Rule 144 safe harbor is available not only to sales of common and preferred stock, but also to sales of bonds, debentures and any other form of security. Affiliates and others who seek to sell securities acquired directly from the Company or a Company affiliate in a series of transactions not involving any public offering may avail themselves of the safe harbor of Rule 144 by complying with the provisions applicable to resales of restricted securities (which apply, for affiliates, in addition to, and in conjunction with, the provisions of that Rule applicable to resales by affiliates). 
 The following summarizes relevant provisions of Rule 144, as they apply to resales by directors and officers seeking to take advantage of the safe harbor: 
 NOTE: Even if a resale by a director or officer complies with the Rule 144 safe harbor, it still must comply with the additional requirements of the Company s insider trading policy, including pre-screening and blackout periods as set forth herein. 
 A- 5 

A. Current public information . There must be adequate current public information available regarding the Company. This requirement is satisfied only if the Company has filed all reports required by the Exchange Act during the 12 months preceding the sale, other than Form 8-K reports. 

B. Manner of sale . The sale of Company shares by a director or officer must be made in one of the following manners: 

(i) in an open market transaction through a broker at the prevailing market price for no more than the usual and customary brokerage commission; 

(ii) to a market maker at the price held out by the market maker; or 

(iii) in a riskless principal transaction in which trades are executed at the same price, exclusive of any explicitly disclosed markup or markdown, commission equivalent or other fee, and where the transaction is permitted to be reported as riskless under the rules of a self-regulatory organization. 

Furthermore, the broker may not solicit or arrange for the solicitation of customers to purchase the shares. In addition, your broker likely has its own Rule 144 procedures (and must be involved in transmitting Form 144 (see item 4 below)), so it is important to speak with your broker prior to any sale. 
 Even if your stock certificates do not contain any restrictive legends, you should inform your broker that you may be considered an affiliate of the Company. 
 C. Number of shares which may be sold . 

Equity Securities. The amount of equity securities that a director or officer may sell in a three-month period is limited to the greater of: 
 (i) 1 of the outstanding shares of the same class of the Company; or 

(ii) the average weekly reported trading volume in the four calendar weeks preceding the transactions. 

Debt Securities. The amount of debt securities that a director or officer may sell in a three-month period is limited to the greater of: 
 (iii) the average weekly reported trading volume in the four calendar weeks preceding the sale; or 

(iv) 10 of the principal amount of the tranche of debt securities (or 10 of the class of non-participatory preferred stock). 

D. Notice of proposed sale . If the amount of securities proposed to be sold by a director or officer during any three-month period exceeds 5,000 shares or has an expected aggregate 

A- 6 

sale price in excess of 50,000, the director or officer must file a notice of sale on Form 144 with the SEC, prior to, or concurrently with, the placing of the order to sell securities. 

E. Holding periods . Any restricted securities must be held for six months prior to reselling such securities. 

In certain situations e.g. , securities acquired through stock dividends, splits, conversions or the net settlement of certain options), tacking is permitted, that is, the new securities will be deemed to have been acquired at the same time as the original securities. 
 7. PENALTIES FOR VIOLATING THE SECURITIES LAWS AND COMPANY POLICY 

The seriousness of securities law violations is reflected in the penalties such violations carry. A director s resignation may be sought, or an officer will be subject to possible Company disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment. In addition, both the Company itself and individual directors, officers or employees may be subjected to both criminal and civil liability. These violations may also create negative publicity for the Company. 
 8. QUESTIONS 

Because of the technical nature of some aspects of the federal securities laws, all directors and officers should review this material carefully and contact the General Counsel if at any time (i) you have questions about this Policy or its application to a particular situation; or (ii) you plan to trade in the Company s securities, but are unsure as to whether the transaction might be in conflict with the securities laws and/or this Company Policy. 
 9. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 

All directors, officers and other employees subject to the procedures set forth in this Addendum must acknowledge their understanding of, and intent to comply with, the Company s Insider Trading Policy and this Addendum on the form attached to this Addendum or by any electronic means provided for by the Company. 
 	 	 
 A- 7 

SCHEDULE A 
 
 1. Patrick Cook, Chief Financial Officer 

2. Cathy Behnen, Chief Accounting Officer 

3. Bill Michalek, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications 

4. Ahmad Chatila, Director 

5. David Springer, Director 

6. Dean Priddy, Director 

7. Isidoro Quiroga, Director 

8. Shaker Sadasivam, Director 

9. Lisan Hung, Director 

10. Tamara Mullings, Director 

11. Tony Alvarez, Board Observer 

12. Jacob Wolf, Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 

13. Kathleen Mejia, Accounting Team 

14. Mani Ramakrishnansubra, Accounting Team 

15. Nehul Jain, Accounting Team 

16. Karthika Aravinth, Accounting Team 

17. P. Krishnakumar, Accounting Team 

18. Subash Bose, Accounting Team 

19. Sam Leung, VP Supply Chain 

20. Gunasekaran J, Senior GL Accountant 

21. William Eversman, FP A Team 

22. Agustin Garcia Montiel, FP A Team 

23. Dominic Mastronunzio, Senior Accounting Manager 

24. Bill Henderson, Accounting Management 

25. Steven Nomura, FP A Team 

26. Adrienne Eifler, Finance Administration Management 

27. Tejal Mamtora, Finance Administration Management 

28. Denise Cruz, Corporate Controller 

29. Sasan Aminpour, Chief Operating Officer 

30. Qingtang Jiang, VP GM, FTC China/SE Asia 

31. Eric Frazier, VP, Sales 

32. Ken Johnston, VP, Distributed Generation 

33. Jim Cartwright, VP, Engineering 

34. Anirudha Munje, FP A Team 

35. Jason Mahaney, Chief Human Resources Officer 

36. Anthony Carroll, Chairman Customer Advisory Board 

37. Isabelle Asuncion, Business Analyst 

A- IF 8 = 1 8 10 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT FORM 
 I have read and understand the Company Insider Trading Policy and the Addendum thereto applicable to directors, officers and certain designated employees (collectively, the Insider Trading Policy ). I have fully complied and agree to comply fully with the policies and procedures contained in the Insider Trading Policy for as long as I am subject to this Policy. If I am an employee of FTC Solar, Inc., I acknowledge that the Insider Trading Policy is a statement of policies and procedures and does not, in any way, constitute an employment contract or an assurance of continued employment. 
 
 			 Printed Name 
 			 Signature 
 			 Date 
 A- IF 9 = 1 9 10 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ftci-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 FTC SOLAR, INC 
 Subsidiaries 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

FTC Capital, LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 

FTC Solar Australia Pty Ltd. 
 
 Australia 

FTC Solar (China) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

FTC Solar India Private Ltd. 
 
 India 

FTC Solar South Africa (PTY) Ltd. 
 
 South Africa 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ftci-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-265842) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-255682, 333-265971, and 333-270104) of FTC Solar, Inc. of our report dated March 15, 2024, relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ BDO USA, P.C. 
 Austin, Texas 
 
 March 15, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 7
 ftci-ex23_2.htm
 EX-23.2

EX-23.2 

Exhibit 23.2 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-265842) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-255682, 333-265971 and 333-270104) of FTC Solar, Inc. of our report dated February 28, 2023 relating to the financial statements which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 Austin, Texas 
 March 15, 2024 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 ftci-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Shaker Sadasivam, certify that: 
 (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of FTC Solar, Inc.; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 15, 2024 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Shaker Sadasivam 

Shaker Sadasivam 

Chairman of the Board of Directors of FTC Solar, Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 ftci-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Cathy Behnen, certify that: 
 (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of FTC Solar, Inc.; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 15, 2024 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Cathy Behnen 

Cathy Behnen 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 ftci-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of FTC Solar, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 15, 2024 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Shaker Sadasivam 

Shaker Sadasivam 

Chairman of the Board of Directors of FTC Solar, Inc. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 ftci-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of FTC Solar, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 15, 2024 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Cathy Behnen 

Cathy Behnen 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 12
 ftci-ex97_1.htm
 EX-97.1

EX-97.1 

Exhibit 97.1 
 CLAWBACK POLICY 
 The Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of FTC Solar, Inc. (the Company believes that it is appropriate for the Company to adopt this Clawback Policy (the Policy to be applied to the Executive Officers of the Company and adopts this Policy to be effective as of the Effective Date. 
 1. Definitions 

For purposes of this Policy, the following definitions shall apply: 
 a) Company Group means the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, as applicable. 

b) Covered Compensation means any Incentive-Based Compensation granted, vested or paid to a person who served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period for the Incentive-Based Compensation and that was Received (i) on or after the effective date of the Nasdaq listing standard, (ii) after the person became an Executive Officer and (iii) at a time that the Company had a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association. 

c) Effective Date means July 27, 2023. 

d) Erroneously Awarded Compensation means the amount of Covered Compensation granted, vested or paid to a person during the fiscal period when the applicable Financial Reporting Measure relating to such Covered Compensation was attained that exceeds the amount of Covered Compensation that otherwise would have been granted, vested or paid to the person had such amount been determined based on the applicable Restatement, computed without regard to any taxes paid (i.e., on a pre-tax basis). For Covered Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in a Restatement, the Committee will determine the amount of such Covered Compensation that constitutes Erroneously Awarded Compensation, if any, based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Covered Compensation was granted, vested or paid and the Committee shall maintain documentation of such determination and provide such documentation to the Nasdaq. 

e) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

info@ftcsolar.com 866-FTC-Solar ftcsolar.com 

2020 FTC Solar, Inc. 
 Proprietary Confidential 
 DOC: CC-003 

f) Executive Officer means each officer of the Company as defined under Rule 16a-1(f) under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, which shall be deemed to include any individuals identified by the Company as executive officers pursuant to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. Both current and former Executive Officers are subject to the Policy in accordance with its terms. 

g) Financial Reporting Measure means (i) any measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measures derived wholly or in part from such measures and may consist of GAAP or non-GAAP financial measures (as defined under Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act), (ii) stock price or (iii) total shareholder return. Financial Reporting Measures may or may not be filed with the SEC and may be presented outside the Company s financial statements, such as in Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Result of Operations or in the performance graph required under Item 201(e) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. 

h) Home Country means the Company s jurisdiction of incorporation. 

i) Incentive-Based Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. 

j) Lookback Period means the three completed fiscal years (plus any transition period of less than nine months that is within or immediately following the three completed fiscal years and that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare a Restatement for a given reporting period, with such date being the earlier of: (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare a Restatement, or (ii) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Restatement. Recovery of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation under the Policy is not dependent on if or when the Restatement is actually filed. 

k) Nasdaq means the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

l) 	 Received : Incentive-Based Compensation is deemed Received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in or otherwise relating to the Incentive-Based Compensation award is attained, even if the grant, vesting or payment of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 

info@ftcsolar.com 866-FTC-Solar ftcsolar.com 

2020 FTC Solar, Inc. 
 Proprietary Confidential 
 DOC: CC-003 

m) 	 Restatement means a required accounting restatement of any Company financial statement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including (i) to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements (commonly referred to as a Big R restatement) or (ii) to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is not material to the previously issued financial statements but that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (commonly referred to as a little r restatement). Changes to the Company s financial statements that do not represent error corrections under the then-current relevant accounting standards will not constitute Restatements. Recovery of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation under the Policy is not dependent on fraud or misconduct by any person in connection with the Restatement. 

n) 	 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

o) 	 Subsidiary means any domestic or foreign corporation, partnership, association, joint stock company, joint venture, trust or unincorporated organization affiliated with the Company, that is, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controlling , controlled by or under common control with , the Company. Control for this purpose means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, contract or otherwise. 

2. Recoupment of Erroneously Awarded Compensation 

In the event of a Restatement, any Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received during the Lookback Period prior to the Restatement (a) that is then outstanding but has not yet been paid shall be automatically and immediately forfeited and (b) that has been paid to any person shall be subject to reasonably prompt repayment to the Company Group in accordance with Section 3 of this Policy. The Committee must pursue (and shall not have the discretion to waive) the forfeiture and/or repayment of such Erroneously Awarded Compensation in accordance with Section 3 of this Policy, except as provided below. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee (or, if the Committee is not a committee of the Board responsible for the Company s executive compensation decisions and composed entirely of independent directors, a majority of the independent directors serving on the Board) may determine not to pursue the forfeiture and/or recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation from any person if the Committee determines that such forfeiture and/or recovery would be impracticable due to any of the following circumstances: (i) the direct expense paid to a third party (for example, reasonable legal expenses and consulting fees) to assist in enforcing the 

info@ftcsolar.com 866-FTC-Solar ftcsolar.com 

2020 FTC Solar, Inc. 
 Proprietary Confidential 
 DOC: CC-003 

Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered (following reasonable attempts by the Company Group to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation, the documentation of such attempts, and the provision of such documentation to the Nasdaq), (ii) pursuing such recovery would violate the Company s Home Country laws adopted prior to November 28, 2022 (provided that the Company obtains an opinion of Home Country counsel acceptable to the Nasdaq that recovery would result in such a violation and provides such opinion to the Nasdaq), or (iii) recovery would likely cause any otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of Company Group, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 
 3. Means of Repayment 

In the event that the Committee determines that any person shall repay any Erroneously Awarded Compensation, the Committee shall provide written notice to such person by email or certified mail to the physical address on file with the Company Group for such person, and the person shall satisfy such repayment in a manner and on such terms as required by the Committee, and the Company Group shall be entitled to set off the repayment amount against any amount owed to the person by the Company Group, to require the forfeiture of any award granted by the Company Group to the person, or to take any and all necessary actions to reasonably promptly recoup the repayment amount from the person, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, including without limitation, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations and guidance thereunder. If the Committee does not specify a repayment timing in the written notice described above, the applicable person shall be required to repay the Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company Group by wire, cash or cashier s check no later than thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice. 
 4. No Indemnification 

No person shall be indemnified, insured or reimbursed by the Company Group in respect of any loss of compensation by such person in accordance with this Policy, nor shall any person receive any advancement of expenses for disputes related to any loss of compensation by such person in accordance with this Policy, and no person shall be paid or reimbursed by the Company Group for any premiums paid by such person for any third-party insurance policy covering potential recovery obligations under this Policy. For this purpose, indemnification includes any modification to current compensation arrangements or other means that would amount to de facto indemnification (for example, providing the person a new cash award which would be cancelled to effect the recovery of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation). In no event shall the Company Group be required to award any person an additional payment if any Restatement would result in a higher incentive compensation payment. 

info@ftcsolar.com 866-FTC-Solar ftcsolar.com 

2020 FTC Solar, Inc. 
 Proprietary Confidential 
 DOC: CC-003 

5. Miscellaneous 

This Policy generally will be administered and interpreted by the Committee, provided that the Board may, from time to time, exercise discretion to administer and interpret this Policy, in which case, all references herein to Committee shall be deemed to refer to the Board. Any determination by the Committee with respect to this Policy shall be final, conclusive and binding on all interested parties. Any discretionary determinations of the Committee under this Policy, if any, need not be uniform with respect to all persons, and may be made selectively amongst persons, whether or not such persons are similarly situated. 
 This Policy is intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as it may be amended from time to time, and any related rules or regulations promulgated by the SEC or the Nasdaq, including any additional or new requirements that become effective after the Effective Date which upon effectiveness shall be deemed to automatically amend this Policy to the extent necessary to comply with such additional or new requirements. 
 The provisions in this Policy are intended to be applied to the fullest extent of the law. To the extent that any provision of this Policy is found to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such provision will be applied to the maximum extent permitted and shall automatically be deemed amended in a manner consistent with its objectives to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Policy shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Policy. Recoupment of Erroneously Awarded Compensation under this Policy is not dependent upon the Company Group satisfying any conditions in this Policy, including any requirements to provide applicable documentation to the Nasdaq. 
 The rights of the Company Group under this Policy to seek forfeiture or reimbursement are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any rights of recoupment, or remedies or rights other than recoupment, that may be available to the Company Group pursuant to the terms of any law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement or any other policy, code of conduct, employee handbook, employment agreement, equity award agreement, or other plan or agreement of the Company Group. 
 6. Amendment and Termination 

To the extent permitted by, and in a manner consistent with applicable law, including SEC and Nasdaq rules, the Committee may terminate, suspend or amend this Policy at any time in its discretion. 
 7. Successors 

This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all persons and their respective beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives with respect to any Covered Compensation granted, vested or paid to or administered by such persons or entities. 
 CLAWBACK POLICY 

info@ftcsolar.com 866-FTC-Solar ftcsolar.com 

2020 FTC Solar, Inc. 
 Proprietary Confidential 
 DOC: CC-003 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT, CONSENT AND AGREEMENT 
 I acknowledge that I have received and reviewed a copy of the FTC Solar, Inc. Clawback Policy (as may be amended from time to time, the Policy and I have been given an opportunity to ask questions about the Policy and review it with my counsel. I knowingly, voluntarily and irrevocably consent to an agree to be bound by and subject to the Policy s terms and conditions, including that I will return any Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is required to be repaid in accordance with the Policy. I further acknowledge, understand and agree that (i) the compensation that I receive, have received or may become entitled to receive from the Company Group is subject to the Policy, and the Policy may affect such compensation and (ii) I have no right to indemnification, insurance payments or other reimbursement by or from the Company Group for any compensation that is subject to recoupment and/or forfeiture under the Policy. Capitalized terms not defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Policy. 
 
 Signed:		_________________________________________ 
 Print Name: 	_________________________________________ 
 Date:		_________________________________________ 

info@ftcsolar.com 866-FTC-Solar ftcsolar.com 

2020 FTC Solar, Inc. 
 Proprietary Confidential 
 DOC: CC-003 

8. Change History and Approvals 

Version 
 Effective Date 
 Description of Change 
 Originator 

DOCPROPERTY DMRevisionNumber \ MERGEFORMAT 01 
 28-Jul-2023 
 Initial Release 
 Kirsten Frillici 

9. Approver List and Signature 

Job Role 
 Approver Name 
 Online Signature Status 
 Date 

General Counsel 
 Jacob Wolf 
 Draft 
 DOCVARIABLE Date Approved \ MERGEFORMAT Not Set 

info@ftcsolar.com 866-FTC-Solar ftcsolar.com 

2020 FTC Solar, Inc. 
 Proprietary Confidential 
 DOC: CC-003 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 ftci-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

