<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240328_10-K_edgar_data_1171326_0001213900-24-027301.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5533458</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>444685</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1550500</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1164169</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1075512</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1157205</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-027301.hdr.sgml : 20240328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240328170049
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-027301
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENTREPRENEUR UNIVERSE BRIGHT GROUP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001171326
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				753025152
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56305
		FILM NUMBER:		24800132

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 907, SAIGAO CITY PLAZA BUILDING 2
		STREET 2:		NO. 170, WEIYANG ROAD
		CITY:			XI'AN
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			0000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86-400-6087979

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 907, SAIGAO CITY PLAZA BUILDING 2
		STREET 2:		NO. 170, WEIYANG ROAD
		CITY:			XI'AN
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			0000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LONESTAR Group Holdings CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070209

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	U.S. ENERGY HOLDINGS INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060331

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PITBOSS ENTERTAINMENT INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050819

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-027301.txt : 20240328

10-K
 1
 ea0202163-10k_entrep.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: +86- 029-86100263 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

(Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed all documents and reports required to be fi led by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent
to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the common stock
outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales
price for the common stock on June 30, 2023 was . 

As of March 4, 2024, there were 
shares of common stock, par value 0.0001, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

Documents incorporated by reference: . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 NOTE 
 ii 
 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 vii 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 37 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 59 
 
 Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 60 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 61 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 61 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 61 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 62 
 
 Item 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 62 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 62 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 67 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 67 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 67 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 67 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 68 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 68 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 69 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 70 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 72 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 72 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 73 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedules 
 74 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 75 

i 

NOTE 

Entrepreneur Universe Bright Group, a Nevada
corporation EUBG or the Company ), is not a Chinese operating company but a Nevada holding company. As a
holding company with no material operations of our own, EUBG conducts all of its operations through its subsidiaries in Hong Kong and
in the People s Republic of China PRC or China ). Therefore our shareholders will not directly hold
any equity interests in our Chinese operating subsidiaries. Unless otherwise mentioned or unless the context requires otherwise, when
used in this Form 10-K Annual Report ), the terms we, us, and our refer to EUBG
and its consolidated subsidiaries, or any one or more of them as the context may require, HK subsidiary refers to Entrepreneurship
World Technology Holding Group Company Limited, our wholly-owned subsidiary and a Hong Kong limited company, and PRC subsidiary 
refers to Xi an Yunchuang Space Information Technology Co., Ltd., f/k/a Entrepreneurship World Consultants Limited, a wholly-foreign
owned Chinese subsidiary of HK subsidiary. EUBG is a holding company for its operating subsidiaries. 

We currently do not, and we do not plan to use
variable interest entities VIE to execute our business plan or to conduct our China-based operations. We do not have
any contractual arrangements between the holding company, the HK subsidiary, and the PRC subsidiary. EUBG is a Nevada holding company
and does not have any substantive operations other than directly or indirectly holding the equity interest in our operating subsidiaries
in Hong Kong and China. Therefore our shareholders will not directly hold any equity interests in our Chinese operating subsidiaries.
Our holding company structure involves unique risks to investors. Chinese regulatory authorities could disallow our corporate structure,
which would likely result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of the Company s common stock, including that
it could cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless. See Risk Factors Risks
associated with doing business in China for detailed discussions. 

To the extent you make any investment in our
Company, it will be in EUBG, our holding company in Nevada, and not in our operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong or in China. Because
substantially all of our operations are conducted in China through our PRC subsidiary, the PRC government may exercise significant
oversight and discretion over the conduct of our business and may exert more supervision over our operations, which could have a
material adverse effect on our operations and/or the value of the Company s common stock. The PRC government could also
significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to list and/or remain listed on a U.S. or other foreign exchange, and to offer
future securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. See Risk
Factors Risks associated with doing business in China - The recent state government supervision on business
activities on U.S. listed Chinese companies may negatively impact our existing and future operations in China. The PRC government
may exert more supervision over our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and significantly and
adversely impact the value of the Company s common stock, including potentially causing the value of the Company s
common stock to decline or be worthless. 

There are significant legal and operational risks
associated with being in and conducting a substantial portion of our operations in Chinese mainland. PRC laws and regulations governing
our current business operations and corporate structure are sometimes vague and uncertain, and we face the risk that changes in the PRC
laws, regulations and policies, including how those laws, regulations and policies will be interpreted or implemented could have a significant
impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in the PRC which would likely result in a material change in our operations and/or
the value of the Company s common stock, including that it could cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or
become worthless. Furthermore, these risks may significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our
securities to investors in the future. See Risk Factors Risks associated with doing business in China 
for detailed discussions. 

ii 

Recently, the PRC government has sought to exert
more oversight and supervision over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investments in China based issuers. For example,
the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and made a number of public statements on the regulation of business operations
in China, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed
overseas using a VIE structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding efforts in anti-monopoly
enforcement. We may be subject to regulations relating to overseas securities offering and listing of China-based companies, including
pursuant to the Opinions on Severely Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities According to Law issued by the PRC government authorities,
which called for enhanced oversight of overseas listed companies as well as overseas equity fundraising and listing by Chinese companies,
and proposed measures such as the construction of regulatory systems to deal with the risks and incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed
companies; the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies and the supporting guidelines
issued by China Securities Regulatory Commission (the CSRC ), which regulate overseas securities offering and listing activities
by China-based companies; the draft Regulations on Network Data Security Management (the Draft Regulation issued by the
Cyberspace Administration of China( CAC ), which requires, among other things, that a prior cybersecurity review be conducted
by the Cybersecurity Review Office before listing overseas for data processors which process over one million users personal information,
and for the listing in Hong Kong of data processors which affect or may affect national security; the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures,
jointly issued by the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the PRC, and
several other administrations, which require, among other things, that a network platform operator holding over one million users 
personal information must apply with the Cybersecurity Review Office for a cybersecurity review before any public offering or listing
outside of Chinese mainland and Hong Kong. Any future action by the PRC government expanding the categories of industries and companies
whose foreign securities offerings are subject to government review could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer
or continue to offer securities to investors and could cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. See
 Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks associated with doing business in China The PRC government has the ability to exert
substantial supervision over any offering or listing of securities conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers,
and, as a result, may limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, and may cause the
value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

As of the date of this Annual Report, our operating
subsidiaries have not been involved in any investigations on cybersecurity review initiated by the CAC based on the Measures for Cybersecurity
Review (2021) and the Draft Regulation, and we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, sanctions in such respect or any regulatory
objections to the registration of our shares of common stock with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). However,
it is still uncertain what existing or new laws or regulations will be modified or promulgated, or the potential impact such modified
or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business operations or our ability to accept foreign investments and list on a U.S.
exchange. If we are subject to such a probe or if we are required to comply with stepped-up supervisory requirements, valuable time from
our management and money may be expended in complying and/or responding to the probe and requirements, thus diverting valuable resources
and attention away from our operations. This may, in turn, negatively impact our operations. 

iii 

As advised by our PRC legal counsel, we need
to file with the CSRC after any completion of any subsequent securities offering in the overseas markets where our securities are currently
listed on, and we need file with the CSRC within three business days after our application for overseas listing in a new capital market
is submitted. As of the date of this Annual Report, nor have we, or our subsidiaries, applied for or received any denial for the registration
of our shares of common stock with the SEC. However, The General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and
the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Severely Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities
According to Law, or the Opinions, which was made available to the public on July 6, 2021. The Opinions emphasized the need to
strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities, and the need to strengthen the supervision over overseas listings by
Chinese companies. Effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems will be taken to deal with the
risks and incidents of China-concept overseas listed companies, and cybersecurity and data privacy protection requirements and similar
matters. The Opinions and any related implementing rules to be enacted may subject us to compliance requirement in the future. On February
17, 2023, the CSRC issued the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies and five
supporting guidelines which became effective on March 31, 2023. Thus, we are required to file with the CSRC within three business days
upon completion of any subsequent securities offering in the overseas markets where our securities are currently listed on. And we are
required to file with the CSRC within three business days after our application for overseas listing in a new capital market is submitted.
Failure to perform our filing obligations may result in penalties imposed on the Company and responsible officers. In addition, we shall
report to the CSRC upon occurrence of certain material events, including change of control, investigations or sanctions imposed by overseas
securities regulatory authorities, change of listing status or transfer of listing segment, and voluntary or mandatory delisting. Given
the current regulatory environment in the PRC, we are still subject to the uncertainty of interpretation and enforcement of the rules
and regulations in the PRC, which can change quickly with little advance notice, and any future actions of the PRC authorities. We cannot
assure you that relevant PRC government agencies would reach the same conclusion as we do or as advised by our PRC legal counsel. However,
(i) if we inadvertently concluded that no other permissions, approvals or filings are required, or (ii) if the CSRC, the CAC or other
regulatory PRC agencies later promulgate new rules requiring that we obtain their approvals or finish other procedures to issue the Company s
common stock to foreign investors, and we are unable to obtain a waiver of such requirements, if and when procedures are established
to obtain such a waiver, then we may not be able to issue our shares. In addition, any uncertainties and/or negative publicity regarding
such requirements could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our securities. 

The PRC laws and regulations and government policy changes rapidly
on digital training. For our digital training related services, we worked with Beida Jade Bird Vocational Education Jade Bird which was an authorized licensee of China National Personal Talent Training Network CNPTTN ), a PRC regulatory agency
for the talent training. Jade Bird was in charge of its training courses, and the Company was authorized by Jade Bird to be its sole training
related administrator for the key opinion leader (KOL) training courses and to coordinate the digital training related services to individual
clients who were interested in becoming KOL by conducting live-broadcasting business through social media. The Company provided training
related services, to these individual clients who subscribed courses, in arranging the examination, following up certificate issuance
processes, addressing clients concerns, etc. On March 22, 2022, the PRC subsidiary learned that Jade Bird suspended its service
after receiving a notice from CNPTTN and that until further notice CNPTTN has suspended all recruitment services using its CNPTTN s
name. As a result of the CNPTTN s suspension, on March 22, 2022, our PRC subsidiary has also suspended its digital training related
services with Jade Bird. As it is highly unlikely that such digital training services by the Company will resume in the foreseeable future,
the Company has refunded all advance payments made by clients who were unable to receive such training-related services. If we were to
resume KOL related training services in the future, laws and regulations and the CNPTTN may require our PRC Subsidiary to meet additional
requirements or obtain additional approvals, licenses or permits to conduct KOL training related business. If our PRC Subsidiary is unable
to meet the relevant requirements or obtain the relevant approvals, licenses or permits, our PRC Subsidiary may not be able to continue
to conduct the KOL training related business. As of the date of this Annual Report, there is no further notice from CNPTTN and the service
is still being suspended. Other than the above, we and our subsidiaries are currently not required to obtain permission from any of the
PRC authorities to operate its principal business. We cannot assure you that relevant PRC government agencies would reach the same conclusion
as we do. If (i) we inadvertently concluded that such permissions or approvals are not required, or (ii) the relevant regulatory PRC agencies
later promulgate new rules requiring that we obtain their approvals to operate our business, and we are unable to obtain approval or a
waiver of such approval requirements, any uncertainties and/or negative publicity regarding such an approval requirement could have a
material adverse effect on our business operation and the trading price of our securities. 

iv 

Although we concluded that we and our
subsidiaries are currently not required to obtain prior permission from any of the PRC central or local government and that we have
not received any denial to list on the U.S. exchange or to conduct our business operations, if (x) we inadvertently conclude that
such approvals are not required when they are, (y) we do not receive or maintain such permissions or approvals if and when required,
or (z) changes in applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations relating to our business or industry which would require us to
obtain approvals in the future, our operations, financial conditions, and results of operations could be adversely affected,
directly or indirectly, and the value of the Company s common stock could significantly decline or become worthless. See
 Risk Factors Risks related to our business and industry - Our PRC subsidiary may be required to obtain and
maintain additional approvals, licenses or permits applicable to our business, which could have a material adverse impact on our
business, financial conditions and results of operations and Risk Factors Risks associated with
doing business in China - The recent state government supervision on business activities on U.S. listed Chinese companies may
negatively impact our existing and future operations in China. The Chinese government may intervene in or influence our operations
according to relevant laws, regulations or rules, which could result in a material change in our operations and significantly and
adversely impact the value of the Company s common stock, including potentially causing the value of the Company s
common stock to decline or be worthless; - Uncertainties exist with respect to the enactment timetable, interpretation and
implementation of the laws and regulations with respect to online platform business operation; The PRC legal system
is evolving, and the resulting uncertainties could adversely affect us. 

On July 7, 2022, the CAC promulgated the
Measures for the Security Assessment for Cross-border Transfer of Data (the Security Assessment measures ), which came
into effect on September 1, 2022. The Security Assessment measures stipulates that data processors which provide data cross-border
and have one of the following circumstances, should apply the security assessment to the national network information department
through the provincial branches of network information department: (A) data processors to provide important data cross-border; (B)
operators of critical information infrastructure and data processors handling personal information of more than 1 million people to
provide personal information cross-border; (C) data processors which provide cross-border a cumulative total of 100,000
people s personal information or 10,000 people s sensitive personal information since January 1 of the previous year;
(D) other situations requiring application for the security assessment regarding providing data cross-border as stipulated by the
state Internet information department. As of the date of this Annual Report, the PRC subsidiary has not provided any important data
or personal data to any offshore institutions or individuals, so the PRC subsidiary do not need to apply for a security assessment
at this stage. However, if we need to provide data to offshore institutions or individuals in the future and fall into the
situations which should apply for the security assessment, we might not pass the security assessment. 

In December 2020, the
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act HFCAA ), was signed into law as part of a continued regulatory focus in the United
States on access to audit and other information currently protected by national law. The HFCAA states if the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC determines that we have filed audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not
been subject to inspection by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB for three consecutive years beginning
in 2021, the SEC shall prohibit securities from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market
in the U.S. Following the filing of our Form 10 for fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was audited by Centurion ZD CPA 
Co. CZD CPA ), an audit firm headquartered in Hong Kong, a jurisdiction that the PCAOB has determined that the PCAOB is
unable to conduct inspections or investigate auditors, the SEC added us to its list of Commission-Identified Issuers identified under
HFCAA. In December 2022, the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act AHFCAA was signed into law, which
amended the HFCAA to shorten the three-year period to two years. 

On September 7, 2022,
we dismissed CZD CPA and appointed Prager Metis CPAs, LLC PragerMetis as our independent auditor for the fiscal year
end December 31, 2022. Our current auditors, PragerMetis, is located at Hackensack, New Jersey, and has been inspected by the PCAOB.
We expect that this will satisfy the PCAOB inspection requirements for the audit of our consolidated financial statements, subject to
compliance with SEC and other requirements prior to the two-year deadline of the AHFCAA. 

Further, on August 26,
2022, the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol with the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or the CSRC, and the Ministry of Finance
of the PRC, taking the first step toward opening access for the PCAOB to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered
in Chinese mainland and Hong Kong. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced that it was able to secure complete access to inspect
and investigate audit firms in the People s Republic of China (PRC) for the first time in history, in 2022. Therefore, on December
15, 2022, the PCAOB Board voted to vacate previous determinations to the contrary. 

v 

EUBG is permitted to transfer cash as a loan
and/or capital contribution to the HK subsidiary for its operations and the HK subsidiary is permitted to transfer cash as a loan and/or
capital contribution to the PRC subsidiary for capital investment and company operations. For instance, the PRC subsidiary will use the
cash for their daily business operations. However, under existing PRC regulations, any loans made to our PRC subsidiaries shall not exceed
a statutory limit, and shall be filed with PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE or its local bureau. Additionally,
any capital contributions the HK subsidiary make to the PRC subsidiary shall be filed with the local commerce department. The PRC subsidiary
is the main operating company to earn revenue. The HK subsidiary is also permitted under the laws of Hong Kong SAR to provide funding
to EUBG through dividend distribution without restrictions on the amount of the funds. Current PRC laws require that dividends be paid
only out of the profit for the year calculated according to PRC accounting principles, which differ from the generally accepted accounting
principles in other jurisdictions. In addition, PRC laws also require a foreign-invested enterprise to set aside at least 10 of its
after-tax profits, if any, to fund its statutory reserves, until the aggregate amount reaches 50 of its registered capital. In addition,
a wholly foreign-owned enterprise may, at its discretion, allocate a portion of its after-tax profits based on PRC accounting principles
to enterprise expansion funds, staff welfare, and bonus funds. Those reserve funds are not available for distribution as cash dividends.
The PRC government s control of foreign currency conversion may limit our foreign exchange transactions. Under existing PRC foreign
exchange regulations, payments of current account items can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from SAFE. However,
approval from SAFE, or registration with SAFE or other appropriate departments is required where RMB shall be converted into foreign
currency and be remitted out of the PRC. Failure to comply with the above regulations may result in liability under PRC laws for evasion
of foreign exchange controls. 

As of the date of this
Annual Report, our PRC subsidiary has distributed 10.2 million (net of withholding tax at 1.1million charged at a rate of 10 of the
declared dividend) to its holding parent, which is our HK subsidiary. However, we cannot ensure that we will be able to comply with the
above regulations in all respects in the future. If we fail to comply with the above regulations, our ability to transfer cash and distribute
earnings may be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our
business. Since EUBG, the Nevada holding company, is not the direct parent company of the PRC subsidiary, EUBG and the PRC subsidiary
cannot make transfers to the other. We intend to keep any future earnings to finance the expansion of our business conducted by our subsidiaries,
and we do not anticipate that any cash dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future from the HK subsidiary to EUBG, the Nevada holding
company, and/or from EUBG to its shareholders. As of the date of this Annual Report, other than the above stated 10.2 million cash dividends
transferred from our PRC subsidiary to our HK subsidiary for operational costs, no cash transfer or transfer of other assets (including
dividends and distribution) have occurred among EUBG, our Nevada holding company, and either of its subsidiaries, our HK subsidiary or
our PRC subsidiary. See Risk Factors Risks associated with doing business in China for a detailed
discussion of the Chinese legal restrictions on the payment of dividends, our ability to transfer cash within the Company and the potential
for holders of the Company s common stock to be subject to Chinese taxes on dividends paid by us in the event we are deemed a Chinese
resident enterprise for Chinese tax purposes. 

The PRC government has significant oversight
and discretion over the conduct of our business as the government deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal goals.
To the extent that the cash and assets of our business are in our PRC subsidiary and/or Hong Kong subsidiary, such cash or assets may
not be available to fund our operations or for other use outside of the PRC and/or Hong Kong due to the PRC government impose restrictions
and limitations over our ability or our subsidiaries ability to transfer cash or assets. Any such influence on our business operations
or action to exert more oversight and supervision over the cash or assets of our subsidiaries could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations and the value of our common stock, or significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer
or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or in extreme cases, become
worthless. See Risk Factors Risks associated with doing business in China - The recent state government
supervision on business activities on U.S. listed Chinese companies may negatively impact our existing and future operations in China.
The PRC government may exert more supervision over our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and significantly
and adversely impact the value of the Company s common stock, including potentially causing the value of the Company s common
stock to decline or be worthless. 

On September 1, 2021,
our PRC subsidiary adopted a written Monetary and Cash Fund Management System Cash Management Policy for its operations
in China and Hong Kong. The Cash Management Policy covers cash, bank deposits and other monetary funds owned by the PRC subsidiary and
Hong Kong subsidiary and includes procedures on receiving funds, depositing funds, transferring funds and proper documentation and recording
of cash. We adopted the Cash Management Policy in order to provide a process and guidance on collecting, accounting for, and safeguarding
all cash and cash equivalents of our PRC subsidiary and Hong Kong subsidiary, including 1) checking the latest regulation requirements
between China and Hong Kong; and 2) seeking approval from EUBG s chief executive officer in order to transfer funds from our PRC
subsidiary to our HK subsidiary. EUBG does not have a cash management policy. 

vi 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This following information specifies certain
forward-looking statements of management of our Company. Forward-looking statements are statements that estimate the happening of future
events and are not based on historical fact. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology,
such as may, shall, could, expect, estimate, anticipate, predict, probable, possible, should, continue, or similar terms, variations
of those terms, or the negative of those terms. Such statements include, among others, those concerning market and industry segment growth;
any projections of earnings, revenue, margins or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management
for future operations; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; as well as all assumptions, expectations,
predictions, intentions or beliefs about future events. You are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees
of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, including without limitation, those listed in the Risk Factors 
section, as well as assumptions, which, if they were to ever materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially
from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements specified in the following information
have been compiled by our management on the basis of assumptions made by management and considered by management to be reasonable. Our
future operating results, however, are impossible to predict and no representation, guaranty, or warranty is to be inferred from those
forward-looking statements. 

The assumptions used for purposes of the forward-looking
statements specified in the following information represent estimates of future events and are subject to uncertainty as to possible
changes in economic, legislative, industry, and other circumstances. As a result, the identification and interpretation of data and other
information and their use in developing and selecting assumptions from and among reasonable alternatives require the exercise of judgment.
To the extent that the assumed events do not occur, the outcome may vary substantially from anticipated or projected results, and, accordingly,
no opinion is expressed on the achievability of those forward-looking statements. 

The market data and other statistical information
contained in this Annual Report are based on our internal estimates of our past experience in the industry, general market data, and
public information which was not commissioned by us for this filing. 

Readers are cautioned that this Annual Report
is not exhaustive of all factors, estimates and assumptions that may apply to or impact our results. Although we have attempted to identify
important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information and statements contained
in this Annual Report, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no
assurance that such forward-looking information and statements will prove to be accurate as actual results and future events could differ
materially from those anticipated in such information and statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking
information and statements. The forward-looking information and statements contained herein are presented to assist readers in understanding
our expected financial and operating performance and our plans and objectives and may not be appropriate for other purposes. The forward-looking
information and statements contained in this Annual Report represents our views and expectations as of the date of this Annual Report
unless otherwise indicated. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments may cause its views and expectations to change. However,
while we may elect to update such forward-looking information and statements at a future time, it has no current intention of and assumes
no obligation for doing so, except to the extent required by applicable law. 

Additionally, the following discussion regarding
our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes included
in this Annual Report. 

vii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

History of Our Company 

EUBG was incorporated in the State of Nevada
on April 21, 1999 under the name LE GOURMET CO, INC. Since EUBG s inception, the Company had the following name changes: On March
17, 2003, to Estelle Reyna, Inc.; on September 11, 2003 to Karma Media, Inc.; on July 8, 2005 to Pitboss Entertainment, Inc.; on March
3, 2006 to US Energy Holdings, Inc.; on December 20, 2006 to Lonestar Group Holdings Company; on November 9, 2007 to Guardian Angel Group,
Inc.; and on May 18, 2011 to REE International, Inc.; and on March 23, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Nevada
Secretary of State amending Article I of its Articles of Incorporation changing the Company s name to Entrepreneur Universe Bright
Group, with an effective date of April 3, 2020. 

Lonestar Group Holdings Company was a voluntary
filer and filed a Form 15 with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on August 20, 2007. 

In July 2018, XTC Inc. XTC ), one
of EUBG s shareholders, petitioned the Eight Judicial District Court in Clark County, Nevada (the Court ), for appointment
as custodian of the Company. On September 4, 2018, the Court granted XTC custodianship of the Company with the right to appoint officers
and directors, negotiate and compromise debt, execute contracts, issue stock and authorize new classes of stock (the Custodianship ). 

Since the Form 15 filing
on August 20, 2007 and prior to the Custodianship, the Company s management believes that it was inactive with no business operations.
In December 2018, XTC filed a Certificate of Revival for a revival of its charter, effective December 13, 2018, with the Nevada Secretary
of State. XTC acted together with MXD Inc. MXD to revive the Company and to get current. MXD is a private company incorporated
in the State of Colorado. As the president of XTC is also the president of MXD, the Company considered that the XTC and MXD are under
common control. 

XTC and MXD performed
the following actions in its capacity as custodian: 

Funded
 all expenses of the Company including paying off all outstanding liabilities discovered; 

Brought
 the Company back in compliance with the Nevada Secretary of State, resident agent, transfer
 agent, OTC Markets Group; 

Brought
 in and paid for accounting professionals as well as securities counsel. 

On December 18, 2018,
the Company formed REE International, Inc. Colorado REE-CO ). On December 21, 2018, the Company entered into an Agreement
for Divestiture of Assets to Subsidiary with REE-CO, where all of the Company s assets, liabilities, and business were transferred
to REE-CO. in exchange for 1,000 shares of REE-CO, and the Company became the parent company of REE-CO. Since then, the Company has no
assets, liabilities and business. 

On December 28, 2018,
the Company entered into a Sale and Purchase Agreement (the SPA with XTC to transfer 1,000 common shares of REE-CO to
XTC at nil cash consideration (with XTC assuming all of the obligations and liabilities of REE-CO). Pursuant to the SPA, all the assets
and liabilities previously reported in the Company s financial statements were acquired by XTC and all the continuing obligations
assumed were taken up by XTC. Since the closing of the SPA, REE-CO ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company on the same date., and the
Company no longer had any assets, liabilities and business. 

In consideration of the payments made to revive
the Company and get current by the XTC and MXD, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to MXD on December 11,
2018 and issued 50,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock to XTC on February 27, 2019, respectively. 

1 

On March 5, 2019, the total authorized common
stock of the Company was increased to 1,800,000,000. 

On April 24, 2019, XTC was discharged as custodian
of the Company. Prior to the Custodianship and immediately before May 15, 2019, the Company has abandoned all of its business operations. 

On May 15, 2019, 1,590,605,141
shares of the common stock was issued to MXD as consideration for its services to revive the Company and get current. On the same date,
MXD and XTC agreed to voluntarily retire 1,000,000 Series A Preferred Stock and 50,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, respectively
(the Issuance ). 

Immediately after the
Issuance, MXD entered into certain Sale and Purchase Agreements, dated May 15, 2019 (the Stock Purchase Agreements ), with
Tethys Fountain Limited, New Finance Consultants Limited, Jia Wang, Jianyong Li, Haijun Jiang, Xuebin Wu and Fanfan Chen (collectively,
the Purchasers ), to transfer all its 1,590,605,141 shares of common stock of the Company to the Purchasers in exchange
for an aggregate purchase price of 135,000. Upon the closing of the Stock Purchase Agreements, the Purchasers collectively owned 93.5 
of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, and Tethys Fountain Limited became the controlling shareholder
of the Company. 

On May 20, 2019, and as authorized by the Company s
board of directors, the Company began its current business as a marketing consulting company, as further described in the section entitled
 Item 1. Business Business Overview below. 

Corporate Structure 

EUBG is a holding company for its operating subsidiaries.
The operations of the Company s PRC subsidiary, Xi an Yunchuang Space Information Technology Co., Ltd. (formerly Entrepreneurship
World Consultants Limited) in Xi an, China are the primary operations of EUBG. Our PRC subsidiary is wholly-owned by the Company s
HK subsidiary, Entrepreneurship World Technology Holding Group Company Limited, a Hong Kong limited company. The HK Subsidiary was incorporated
by the Company on May 15, 2019 with HK 10,000 as its registered capital as a holding company. The PRC subsidiary was incorporated on
October 18, 2019 with HK 1,000,000 as its registered capital. On May 7, 2020, we incorporated Xian Yunchuang Space Information Technology
Co., Ltd, BaiYin Branch (formerly Entrepreneurship World Consultants Limited, BaiYin Branch), with RMB900,000 as its registered capital,
as a branch office of the PRC subsidiary in Baiyin City, Gansu Province, China. 

While the Company s major shareholders,
headquarters, and operations are located in China, EUBG currently does not, and EUBG does not plan to use variable interest entities
to execute our business plan or to conduct our China-based operations. EUBG is a Nevada holding company and does not have any substantive
operations other than indirectly holding the equity interest in our operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong and China. Therefore, our shareholders
will not directly hold any equity interests in our Chinese operating subsidiaries. Our holding company structure involves unique risks
to investors. Chinese regulatory authorities could disallow our corporate structure, which would likely result in a material change in
our operations and/or the value of the Company s common stock, including that it could cause the value of such securities to significantly
decline or become worthless. 

We face various legal and operational risks
and uncertainties related to being based in and having substantially all of our operations in China. The PRC government has
significant oversight and discretion to exert certain influence on the ability of a China-based company, such as us, to conduct its
business, accept foreign investments or list on an U.S. or other foreign exchanges. For example, we face risks associated with
regulatory approvals of offshore offerings, anti-monopoly regulatory actions, oversight on cybersecurity and data privacy, as well
as the lack of PCAOB inspection on our auditors. Such risks could result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of
the Company s common stock or could significantly limit or completely hinder the Company s ability to offer or continue
to offer Stocks and/or other securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be
worthless. See Risk Factors Risks Associated with doing business in China The recent
state government supervision on business activities on U.S. listed Chinese companies may negatively impact our existing and future
operations in China. The PRC government may exert more supervision over our operations, which could have a material adverse effect
on our operations and significantly and adversely impact the value of the Company s common stock, including potentially
causing the value of the Company s common stock to decline or be worthless; The interpretation and enforcement of PRC
laws, rules and regulations may change from time to time, which could have a material adverse effect on us due to unexpected changes
to laws, rules and regulations applicable to us; The PRC legal system is evolving, and the resulting uncertainties could
adversely affect us; The PRC legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system,
prior court decisions under the civil law system may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. Therefore, the
Company s susceptibility to such laws is unknown. 

2 

The PRC government has significant oversight
and discretion over the conduct of our business as the government deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal
goals. See Risk Factors Risks associated with doing business in China The interpretation and
enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations may change from time to time, which could have a material adverse effect on us due to
unexpected changes to laws, rules and regulations applicable to us. The PRC government has recently published new policies
that significantly affected certain industries such as the education and internet industries, and we cannot rule out the possibility
that it will in the future release regulations or policies regarding our industry that could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the PRC government has recently sought to exert more oversight and
supervision over overseas securities offerings and other capital markets activities and foreign investment in China-based companies
like us. Any such action could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to
investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or in extreme cases, become worthless. See
 Risk Factors Risks Associated with doing business in China The recent state government
supervision on business activities on U.S. listed Chinese companies may negatively impact our existing and future operations in
China. The PRC government may exert more supervision over our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our
operations and significantly and adversely impact the value of the Company s common stock, including potentially causing the
value of the Company s common stock to decline or be worthless; The interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules
and regulations may change from time to time, which could have a material adverse effect on us due to unexpected changes to laws,
rules and regulations applicable to us. 

The PRC laws and regulations and government policy
changes rapidly on digital training. For our digital training related services, we worked with Beida Jade Bird Vocational Education Jade
Bird which was an authorized licensee of China National Personal Talent Training Network CNPTTN ), a PRC regulatory
agency for the talent training. Jade Bird was in charge of its training courses, and the Company was authorised by Jade Bird as its sole
training related administrator of the training courses, limited to coordinate the digital training related services to individual clients
who were interested in conducting live-broadcasting business through social medias. The Company provided training related services, to
these individual clients who subscribed courses, in arranging the examination, following up certificate issuance processes, addressing
clients concerns, etc. On March 22, 2022, the PRC subsidiary learned that Jade Bird suspended its service after receiving a notice
from CNPTTN and that until further notice CNPTTN has suspended all recruitment services using its CNPTTN s name. As a result of
CNPTTN s suspension, the PRC subsidiary has also suspended its digital training related services with Jade Bird from March 22,
2022. As it is highly unlikely that such digital training services by the Company will be resumed in the foreseeable future, the Company
has refunded all advance payments made by clients who were unable to receive such training-related services. In the future, laws and
regulations and the CNPTTN may require our PRC Subsidiary to meet additional requirements or obtain additional approvals, licenses or
permits to conduct KOL training related business. If our PRC Subsidiary is unable to meet the relevant requirements or obtain the relevant
approvals, licenses or permits, our PRC Subsidiary may not be able to continue to conduct the KOL training related business. As of the
date of this Annual Report, there is no further notice from CNPTTN and the service is still being suspended. Other than the above, we
and our subsidiaries are currently not required to obtain permission from any of the PRC authorities to operate its principal business.
We cannot assure you that relevant PRC government agencies would reach the same conclusion as we do. If (i) we inadvertently concluded
that such permissions or approvals are not required, or (ii) the relevant regulatory PRC agencies later promulgate new rules requiring
that we obtain their approvals to operate our business, and we are unable to obtain approval or a waiver of such approval requirements,
any uncertainties and/or negative publicity regarding such an approval requirement could have a material adverse effect on our business
operation and the trading price of our securities. 

3 

Although we concluded we and our
subsidiaries are currently not required to obtain prior permission from any of the PRC central or local government and has not
received any denial to list on the U.S. exchange or to conduct our business operation, if (x) we inadvertently conclude that such
approvals are not required when they are, (y) we do not receive or maintain such permissions or approvals if and when required, or
(z) changes in applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations relating to our business or industry which would require us to
obtain approvals in the future, our operations, financial conditions, and results of operations could be adversely affected,
directly or indirectly, and the value of the Company s common stock could significantly decline or become worthless. See
 Risk Factors Risks related to our business and industry - Our PRC subsidiary may be required to obtain and
maintain additional approvals, licenses or permits applicable to our business, which could have a material adverse impact on our
business, financial conditions and results of operations and Risk Factors Risks associated with
doing business in China - The recent state government supervision on business activities on U.S. listed Chinese companies may
negatively impact our existing and future operations in China. The PRC government may exert more supervision over our operations,
which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and significantly and adversely impact the value of the Company s
common stock, including potentially causing the value of the Company s common stock to decline or be worthless; -
Uncertainties exist with respect to the enactment timetable, interpretation and implementation of the laws and regulations with
respect to online platform business operation; The PRC legal system continues to rapidly evolve, and there are
uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and implementation of PRC laws, rules and regulations. 

EUBG is permitted to transfer cash as a loan
and/or capital contribution to the HK subsidiary for its operations and the HK subsidiary is permitted to transfer cash as a loan and/or
capital contribution to the PRC subsidiary for capital investment and company operations. For instance, the PRC subsidiary will use the
cash for their daily business operations. However, under existing PRC regulations, any loans made to our PRC subsidiaries shall not exceed
a statutory limit, and shall be filed with SAFE or its local bureau. Additionally, any capital contributions the HK subsidiary make to
the PRC subsidiary shall be filed with the local commerce department. The PRC subsidiary is the main operating company to earn revenue.
The HK subsidiary is also permitted under the laws of Hong Kong SAR to provide funding to EUBG through dividend distribution without
restrictions on the amount of the funds. Current PRC laws require that dividends be paid only out of the profit for the year calculated
according to PRC accounting principles, which differ from the generally accepted accounting principles in other jurisdictions. In addition,
PRC laws also require a foreign-invested enterprise to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profits, if any, to fund its statutory
reserves, until the aggregate amount reaches 50 of its registered capital. In addition, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise may, at its
discretion, allocate a portion of its after-tax profits based on PRC accounting principles to enterprise expansion funds, staff welfare,
and bonus funds. Those reserve funds are not available for distribution as cash dividends. The PRC government s control of foreign
currency conversion may limit our foreign exchange transactions. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current
account items can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from SAFE. However, approval from SAFE, or registration with SAFE
or other appropriate departments is required where RMB shall be converted into foreign currency and be remitted out of the PRC. Failure
to comply with the above regulations may result in liability under PRC laws for evasion of foreign exchange controls. 

As of the date of this Annual Report, our PRC
subsidiary has distributed 10.2 million (net of withholding tax at 1.1 million charged at a rate of 10 of the declared dividend) to
its holding parent, which is our HK subsidiary. However, we cannot ensure that we will be able to comply with the above regulations in
all respects in the future. If we fail to comply with the above regulations, our ability to transfer cash and distribute earnings may
be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. Since
EUBG, the Nevada holding company, is not the direct parent company of the PRC subsidiary, EUBG and the PRC subsidiary cannot make transfers
to the other. We intend to keep any future earnings to finance the expansion of our business conducted by our subsidiaries, and we do
not anticipate that any cash dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future from the HK subsidiary to EUBG, the Nevada holding company,
and/or from EUBG to its shareholders. As of the date of this Annual Report, other than the above stated 10.2 million cash dividends
transferred from our PRC subsidiary to our HK subsidiary for operational costs, no cash transfer or transfer of other assets (including
dividends and distribution) have occurred among EUBG, our Nevada holding company, and either of its subsidiaries, our HK subsidiary or
our PRC subsidiary. See Summary of Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in the PRC and Risk
Factors Risks associated with doing business in China for a detailed discussion of the Chinese legal restrictions
on the payment of dividends, our ability to transfer cash within the Company and the potential for holders of the Company s common
stock to be subject to Chinese taxes on dividends paid by us in the event we are deemed a Chinese resident enterprise for Chinese tax
purposes. As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, total undistributed profits of the Company s PRC subsidiary were 2,002,008
and 1,882,886, respectively. We have recognized deferred tax liabilities of 200,201 and 188,289, respectively, in respect of the undistributed
profits. For more details, please refer to consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

4 

The PRC government has significant oversight
and discretion over the conduct of our business as the government deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal
goals. To the extent that the cash and assets of our business are in our PRC subsidiary and/or Hong Kong subsidiary, such cash or
assets may not be available to fund our operations or for other use outside of the PRC and/or Hong Kong due to the PRC government
impose restrictions and limitations over our ability or our subsidiaries ability to transfer cash or assets. Any such
influence on our business operations or action to exert more oversight and supervision over the cash or assets of our subsidiaries
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and the value of our common stock, or
significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of
such securities to significantly decline or in extreme cases, become worthless. See Risk
Factors Risks associated with doing business in China The recent state government supervision on
business activities on U.S. listed Chinese companies may negatively impact our existing and future operations in China. The PRC
government may exert more supervision over our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and
significantly and adversely impact the value of the Company s common stock, including potentially causing the value of the
Company s common stock to decline or be worthless. 

On September 1, 2021, our PRC subsidiary and
Hong Kong subsidiary adopted a written Monetary and Cash Fund Management System Cash Management Policy for its operations
in China and Hong Kong. The Cash Management Policy covers cash, bank deposits and other monetary funds owned by the PRC subsidiary and
Hong Kong subsidiary and includes procedures on receiving funds, depositing funds, transferring funds and proper documentation and recording
of cash. We adopted the Cash Management Policy in order to provide a process and guidance on collecting, accounting for, and safeguarding
all cash and cash equivalents of our PRC subsidiary and Hong Kong subsidiary, including 1) checking the latest regulation requirements
between China and Hong Kong; and 2) seeking approval from EUBG s chief executive officer in order to transfer funds from our PRC
subsidiary to our HK subsidiary. EUBG does not have a cash management policy. 

On December 16, 2021,
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) issued a report on its determinations that PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate
completely PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in Chinese mainland and in Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region
of the People s Republic of China (PRC), because of positions taken by PRC authorities in those jurisdictions. The PCAOB made these
determinations pursuant to PCAOB Rule 6100, which provides a framework for how the PCAOB fulfills its responsibilities under the HFCAA.
The report further listed in its Appendix A and Appendix B, Registered Public Accounting Firms Subject to Chinese mainland Determination
and Registered Public Accounting Firms Subject to the Hong Kong Determination, respectively. On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed
a Statement of Protocol with the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or the CSRC, and the Ministry of Finance of the PRC, taking
the first step toward opening access for the PCAOB to Inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered in Chinese
mainland and Hong Kong. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced that it was able to secure complete access to inspect and
investigate audit firms in the People s Republic of China (PRC) for the first time in history, in 2022. Therefore, on December
15, 2022, the PCAOB Board voted to vacate previous determinations to the contrary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, uncertainties
exist with respect to the implementation of these provisions and there is no assurance that the PCAOB will be able to execute, in a timely
manner, its future inspections and investigations in a manner that satisfies the Statement of Protocol. audit report included in this
registration statement for the year ended December 31, 2021 was issued by Centurion ZD CPA Co. CZD CPA ), an audit
firm headquartered in Hong Kong, a jurisdiction that the PCAOB has determined that the PCAOB is unable to conduct inspections or investigate
auditors. CZD CPA is among those listed by the PCAOB Hong Kong Determination, a determination announced by the PCAOB on December 16,
2021 that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in Hong Kong, a Special
Administrative Region and dependency of the PRC, because of a position taken by one or more authorities in Hong Kong. The lack of access
to the PCAOB inspection in China prevents the PCAOB from fully evaluating audits and quality control procedures of the auditors based
in China. As a result, the investors may be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct
inspections of auditors in China makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of these accounting firms audit procedures
or quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of China that are subject to the PCAOB inspections. In addition, under
the HFCAA (as amended by the Consolidated Appropriation Act, 2023), our securities may be prohibited from trading on the U.S. stock exchanges
or in the over the counter trading market in the U.S. if our auditor is not inspected by the PCAOB for two consecutive years, and this
ultimately could result in the Company s common stock being delisted. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act AHFCAA ), which was enacted under the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023,
as further described below. 

5 

On April 22, 2022, the
SEC provisionally identified EUBG as a company that has retained a registered public accounting firm to issue an audit report where
that registered public accounting firm has a branch or office that (i) is located in a foreign jurisdiction and (ii) the PCAOB
is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in that jurisdiction under the HFCAA (a Commission-Identified
Issuer ). On May 12, 2022, that provisional identification became conclusive and we are now subject to the requirements under the
HFCAA, including the prohibition on the trading of such issuer s securities on a national securities exchange or through any other
method is within the SEC s jurisdiction to regulate, including over-the-counter trading. This identification of EUBG
as a Commission-Identified Issuer does not mean that we will be immediately prohibited from trading our securities on the OTC Pink Sheets.
However, we may be prohibited from trading our securities, including trading in the over-the-counter market, if we continue
to be unavailable for PCAOB inspection or investigation for two consecutive years under the HFCAA as amended by the Consolidated Appropriations
Act, 2023. In addition, after the first year of identification, we will be subject to new submission and disclosure requirements in our
subsequent annual reports. 

On December 29, 2022,
the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, was signed into law, which amended the HFCAA (i) to reduce the number of consecutive years
that would trigger delisting from three years to two years, and (ii) so that any foreign jurisdiction could be the reason why the PCAOB
does not to have complete access to inspect or investigate a company s auditors. As it was originally enacted, the HFCAA applied
only if the PCAOB s inability to inspect or investigate because of a position taken by an authority in the foreign jurisdiction
where the relevant public accounting firm is located. As a result of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, the HFCAA now also applies
if the PCAOB s inability to inspect or investigate the relevant accounting firm is due to a position taken by an authority in any
foreign jurisdiction. The denying jurisdiction does not need to be where the accounting firm is located. 

On September 7, 2022,
the Company dismissed CZD CPA and appointed Prager Metis CPAs, LLC PragerMetis as the Company s independent auditor
for the fiscal year end December 31, 2022. Our current auditors, PragerMetis, is located at Hackensack, New Jersey, and has been inspected
by the PCAOB. 

6 

Our offices are located at Suite 907, Saigao
City Plaza Building 2, No. 170, Weiyang Road, Xi an, China, and our telephone number is +86-029-86100263. We maintain a website
at https://www.eubggroup.com/, however, our website or any information contained therein on our website do not constitute a part of this
Annual Report. 

Summary of Risk Factors 

Investing in the common stock of EUBG involves
significant risks. You should carefully consider all of the information in this Annual Report before making an investment in the Company s
common stock. Below please find a summary of the principal risks we face, organized under relevant headings. Importantly, this summary
does not address all of the risks that we face. These risks are discussed more fully in the section titled Risk Factors 
beginning on page 37 of this Annual Report. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 

We have a limited operating
 history and are subject to the risks encountered by development-stage companies. See Risk Factors Risks
 Related to Our Business and Industry We have a limited operating history and are subject to the risks encountered by development-stage
 companies. 

Our historical financial
 results may not be indicative of our future performance. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business
 and Industry Our historical financial results may not be indicative of our future performance. 

If we cannot manage our
 growth effectively and efficiently, our results of operations or profitability could be adversely affected. See Risk
 Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry If we cannot manage our growth effectively and
 efficiently, our results of operations or profitability could be adversely affected. 

We may not be successful
 in implementing important new strategic initiatives, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. See
 Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We may not be successful in implementing
 important new strategic initiatives, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 

Increasing competition
 within our industries could have an impact on our business prospects. See Risk Factors Risks Related
 to Our Business and Industry Increasing competition within our industries could have an impact on our business prospects. 

7 

Our PRC subsidiary may
 be required to obtain and maintain additional approvals, licenses or permits applicable to our business, which could have a material
 adverse impact on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. See Risk Factors Risks
 Related to Our Business and Industry Our PRC subsidiary may be required to obtain and maintain additional approvals, licenses
 or permits applicable to our business, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial conditions and results
 of operations. 

If our operating subsidiaries
 fail to hire, train or retain qualified managerial and other employees, our business and results of operations could be materially
 and adversely affected. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry If our
 operating subsidiaries fail to hire, train or retain qualified managerial and other employees, our business and results of operations
 could be materially and adversely affected. 

Risks Related to Doing Business in the PRC 

The PRC government may
 exert more supervision over our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and significantly and adversely
 impact the value of the Company s common stock we are registering for sale, including potentially making those common stock
 worthless; The PRC government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities. See
 Risk Factors Risks Associated with doing business in China The recent state government supervision
 on business activities on U.S. listed Chinese companies may negatively impact our existing and future operations in China. The PRC
 government may exert more supervision over our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and significantly
 and adversely impact the value of the Company s common stock, including potentially causing the value of the Company s
 common stock to decline or be worthless. 

The unexpected changes
 to PRC laws, rules and regulations could materially and adversely affect us. See Risk Factors Risks
 Associated with doing business in China The interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations may change
 from time to time, which could have a material adverse effect on us due to unexpected changes to laws, rules and regulations applicable
 to us. 

The PRC legal system is
 evolving, and the resulting uncertainties could adversely affect us. See Risk Factors Risks Associated
 with doing business in China The PRC legal system is evolving, and the resulting uncertainties could adversely affect us. 

A severe or prolonged downturn
 in the global or Chinese economy could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition. See Risk
 Factors Risks Associated with doing business in China The A severe or prolonged downturn in the global
 or Chinese economy could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition. 

We face risks related to
 health concerns arising from outbreaks of viruses or other illnesses, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition and results of operations. See Risk Factors Risks Associated with doing business in China
 We face risks related to health concerns arising from outbreaks of viruses or other illnesses, which may have a material
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes in the policies
 of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon our ability to operate profitably in the PRC. See Risk Factors Risks
 Associated with doing business in China Changes in the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon
 our ability to operate profitably in the PRC. 

8 

Changes in the political
 or economic climate in the PRC may impair our ability to operate profitably, if at all. See Risk Factors Risks
 Associated with doing business in China Because our business is dependent upon government policies that encourage a market-based
 economy, change in the political or economic climate in the PRC may impair our ability to operate profitably, if at all. 

Changes in China s
 economic, political or social conditions or government policies may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.
 See Risk Factors Risks Associated with doing business in China Changes in China s
 economic, political or social conditions or government policies may have a material adverse effect on our business and
 operations. 

Prior court decisions under
 the civil law system have limited precedential value. See Risk Factors Risks Associated with doing business
 in China The PRC legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court
 decisions under the civil law system may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. Therefore our susceptibility
 to such laws is unknown. 

PRC laws prohibits or restricts
 companies belonging to foreign countries from operating some certain businesses. See Risk Factors Risks
 Associated with doing business in China PRC laws prohibits or restricts companies belonging to foreign countries from operating
 some certain businesses. 

We may be subject to liability
 for placing advertisements with content that is deemed inappropriate or misleading under PRC laws. See Risk Factors Risks
 Associated with doing business in China We may be subject to liability for placing advertisements with content that is deemed
 inappropriate or misleading under PRC laws. 

We may be liable for improper
 collection, use or appropriation of personal information provided by our customers. See Risk Factors Risks
 Associated with doing business in China Our PRC subsidiary may be liable for improper collection, use or appropriation of
 personal information provided by our customers and employees. 

We may be subject to various
 internet-related laws to which uncertainties exist with respect to the enactment timetable, interpretation and implementation of
 the laws and regulations with respect to online platform business operation. See Risk Factors Risks
 Associated with doing business in China Uncertainties exist with respect to the enactment timetable, interpretation and implementation
 of the laws and regulations with respect to online platform business operation. 

Our PRC subsidiary may
 be subject to additional contributions of social insurance and housing fund and late payments and fines imposed by relevant governmental
 authorities. Non-compliance with labor-related laws and regulations of the PRC may have an adverse impact on our financial condition
 and results of operation. See Risk Factors Risks Associated with doing business in China Our
 PRC subsidiary may be subject to additional contributions of social insurance and housing fund and late payments and fines imposed
 by relevant governmental authorities. Non-compliance with labor-related laws and regulations of the PRC may have an adverse impact
 on our financial condition and results of operation. 

Our PRC subsidiary failed
 to deposit adequate contributions to the housing fund for all of its employees and may be reported by its employees to the People s
 court for enforcement. See Risk Factors Risks Associated with doing business in China Our PRC
 subsidiary failed to deposit adequate contributions to the housing fund for all of its employees and may be reported by its employees
 to the People s court for enforcement. 

9 

PRC laws and regulations
 governing our current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain and any changes in such laws and regulations may impair
 our ability to operate profitably. See Risk Factors Risks Associated with doing business in China 
 PRC laws and regulations governing our current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain and any changes in such laws
 and regulations may impair our ability to operate profitably. 

Because our business is
 conducted in RMB and the price of the Company s common stock is quoted in United States dollars, changes in currency conversion
 rates may affect the value of the Company. See Risk Factors Risks Associated with doing business in
 China Because our business is conducted in RMB and the price of the Company s common stock is quoted in United States
 dollars, changes in currency conversion rates may affect the value of the Company. 

We may be treated as a
 resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, and we may therefore be subject to PRC income tax
 on our global income. See Risk Factors Risks Associated with doing business in China Under the
 PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, or the EIT Law, our PRC subsidiary may be classified as a resident enterprise of China,
 which could result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders. 

Uncertainties under the
 EIT Law relating to the withholding tax liabilities may of our PRC subsidiary, and dividends payable by our PRC subsidiary to our
 offshore subsidiaries may not qualify to enjoy certain treaty benefits. See Risk Factors Risks Associated
 with doing business in China There are significant uncertainties under the EIT Law relating to the withholding tax liabilities
 of our PRC subsidiary, and dividends payable by our PRC subsidiary to our offshore subsidiaries may not qualify to enjoy certain
 treaty benefits. 

Restrictions placed on
 offshore holding companies and currency exchange may limit our ability to make loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC
 subsidiary, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. See Risk
 Factors Risks Associated with doing business in China PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment
 in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay or prevent us from making
 loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC subsidiary, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our
 ability to fund and expand our business. 

Fluctuations in exchange
 rates could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of your investment. See Risk Factors Risks
 Associated with doing business in China Government control in currency conversion may adversely affect our financial condition,
 our ability to remit dividends, and the value of your investment. 

If we become directly subject
 to the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity involving U.S.-listed Chinese companies, we may have to expend significant resources
 to investigate and resolve the matter which could harm our business operations, stock price and reputation. See Risk Factors Risks
 Associated with doing business in China If we become directly subject to the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity involving
 U.S.-listed Chinese companies, we may have to expend significant resources to investigate and resolve the matter which could harm
 our business operations, stock price and reputation. 

The disclosures in the
 Company s reports and other filings with the SEC and the Company s other public pronouncements are not subject to the
 scrutiny of any regulatory bodies in the PRC.. See Risk Factors Risks Associated with doing business
 in China The disclosures in the Company s reports and other filings with the SEC and the Company s other public
 pronouncements are not subject to the scrutiny of any regulatory bodies in the PRC. 

Risks Related to PRC laws and regulations
with respect to foreign exchange 

Increases in labor costs
 in the PRC may adversely affect our business and our profitability. See Risk Factors Risks Related to
 PRC laws and regulations with respect to foreign exchange Increases in labor costs in the PRC may adversely affect our business
 and our profitability. 

We may be involved from
 time to time in legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 results of operations and financial condition. See Risk Factors Risks Related to PRC laws and regulations
 with respect to foreign exchange We may be involved from time to time in legal proceedings and commercial or contractual
 disputes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

10 

The directors and executive
 officers of the subsidiaries, as well as our employees who execute other strategic initiatives may have potential conflicts of interests
 with the Company. See Risk Factors Risks Related to PRC laws and regulations with respect to foreign
 exchange The directors and executive officers of the subsidiaries, as well as our employees who execute other strategic initiatives
 may have potential conflicts of interests with the Company. 

Under PRC law, legal documents
 for corporate transactions, including agreements and contracts are executed using the chop or seal of the signing entity or with
 the signature of a legal representative whose designation is registered and filed with relevant PRC industry and commerce authorities.
 See Risk Factors Risks Related to PRC laws and regulations with respect to foreign exchange 
 Under PRC law, legal documents for corporate transactions, including agreements and contracts are executed using the chop or seal
 of the signing entity or with the signature of a legal representative whose designation is registered and filed with relevant PRC
 industry and commerce authorities. 

Future inflation in China
 may inhibit our ability to conduct business in China. See Risk Factors Risks Related to PRC laws and
 regulations with respect to foreign exchange Future inflation in China may inhibit our ability to conduct business in China. 

Claims against the Company
 or its management may be hard to initiate and to enforce. Even if successful, claims against the Company or its management may be
 nearly impossible to collect upon. See Risk Factors Risks Related to PRC laws and regulations with respect
 to foreign exchange Claims against the Company or its management may be hard to initiate and to enforce. Even if successful,
 claims against the Company or its management may be nearly impossible to collect upon. 

You may face difficulties
 in effecting service of legal process, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing actions in China against us or our management named
 in this Annual Report based on foreign laws. See Risk Factors Risks Related to PRC laws and regulations
 with respect to foreign exchange You may face difficulties in effecting service of legal process, enforcing foreign judgments
 or bringing actions in China against us or our management named in this Annual Report based on foreign laws. 

Restrictions on currency
 exchange under PRC laws may limit our ability to convert cash derived from our operating activities into foreign currencies and may
 materially and adversely affect the value of the Company s common stock. See Risk Factors Risks
 Related to PRC laws and regulations with respect to foreign exchange Restrictions on currency exchange under PRC laws may
 limit our ability to convert cash derived from our operating activities into foreign currencies and may materially and adversely
 affect the value of the Company s common stock. 

Risks Related to the Market for the Company s
Common Stock 

Our CEO owns a significant
 percentage of the Company s common stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to shareholder
 approval. See Risk Factors Risks Related to the Market for the Company s Common Stock - Our CEO owns a significant
 percentage of the Company s common stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to shareholder
 approval. 

An active, liquid trading
 market for the Company s common stock may not develop or be sustained. If and when an active market develops the price of the
 Company s common stock may be volatile. See Risk Factors Risks Related to the Market for the Company s
 Common Stock - Since the Company s common stock is traded on the OTC Pink Sheets, an active, liquid trading market for the
 Company s common stock may not develop or be sustained. If and when an active market develops the price of the Company s
 common stock may be volatile. 

We may authorize and issue
 shares of new classes of stock that could be superior to or adversely affect you as a holder of the Company s common stock.
 See Risk Factors Risks Related to the Market for the Company s Common Stock - The Company s Board of Directors
 may authorize and issue shares of new classes of stock that could be superior to or adversely affect you as a holder of the Company s
 common stock. 

There is a limited public
 market for the Company s common stock. See Risk Factors Risks Related to the Market for the Company s
 Common Stock - There is a limited public market for the Company s common stock. 

11 

We may, in the future,
 issue additional common shares, which would reduce investors percent of ownership and may dilute the Company s share
 value. See Risk Factors Risks Related to the Market for the Company s Common Stock - We may, in the future,
 issue additional common shares, which would reduce investors percent of ownership and may dilute the Company s share
 value. 

There is a limited market
 for the Company s common stock, which may make it difficult for holders of the Company s common stock to sell their stock.
 See Risk Factors Risks Related to the Market for the Company s Common Stock - There is a limited market for
 the Company s common stock, which may make it difficult for holders of the Company s common stock to sell their stock. 

The trading price of the
 Company s common stock is likely to be volatile, which could result in substantial losses to investors. See Risk Factors
 Risks Related to the Market for the Company s Common Stock - The trading price of the Company s common stock
 is likely to be volatile, which could result in substantial losses to investors. 

Lack of market and state
 blue sky laws may make shares of the Company s common stock more difficult to sell. See Risk Factors Risks Related
 to the Market for the Company s Common Stock - Lack of market and state blue sky laws may make shares of the Company s
 common stock more difficult to sell. 

We are subject to the penny
 stock rules, which will make shares of the Company s common stock more difficult to sell. See Risk Factors Risks
 Related to the Market for the Company s Common Stock - We are subject to the penny stock rules, which will make shares of the
 Company s common stock more difficult to sell. 

Shares of the Company s
 common stock that have not been registered under federal securities laws are subject to resale restrictions imposed by Rule 144,
 including those set forth in Rule 144(i) which apply to a former shell company. See Risk Factors Risks
 Related to the Market for the Company s Common Stock - Shares of the Company s common stock that have not been registered
 under federal securities laws are subject to resale restrictions imposed by Rule 144, including those set forth in Rule 144(i) which
 apply to a former shell company. 

We currently do not have
 an audit or compensation committee. See Risk Factors Risks Related to the Market for the Company s Common Stock
 We currently do not have an audit or compensation committee. 

We are subject to compliance
 with Security laws exposure. See Risk Factors Risks Related to the Market for the Company s Common Stock 
 We are subject to compliance with Security laws exposure. 

There is no assurance that
 we will be able to pay dividends to the Company s shareholders, which means that you could receive little or no return on your
 investment. See Risk Factors Risks Related to the Market for the Company s Common Stock - There is no
 assurance that we will be able to pay dividends to the Company s shareholders, which means that you could receive little or
 no return on your investment. 

Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 will require substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.
 See Risk Factors Risks Related to the Market for the Company s Common Stock - Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 will require substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

We are an emerging
 growth company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will
 make the Company s securities less attractive to investors. See Risk Factors Risks Related to the Market for
 the Company s Common Stock - We are an emerging growth company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure
 requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make the Company s securities less attractive to investors. 

12 

Cash Transfer within
our Organization 

EUBG is permitted to transfer cash as a loan
and/or capital contribution to the HK subsidiary for its operations and the HK subsidiary is permitted to transfer cash as a loan and/or
capital contribution to the PRC subsidiary for capital investment and company operations. For instance, the PRC subsidiary will use the
cash to pay for their daily business operations. The PRC subsidiary in China is the main operating company to earn revenue. However,
under existing PRC regulations, any loans made to our PRC subsidiaries shall not exceed a statutory limit, and shall be filed with SAFE
or its local bureau. Additionally, any capital contributions the HK subsidiary make to the PRC subsidiary shall be filed with the local
commerce department. 

Current investments in Chinese companies, which
are governed by the Foreign Investment Law, and the dividends and distributions from our PRC subsidiary are subject to regulations and
restrictions on dividends and payment to parties outside of China are subject to restrictions. The principal regulations governing the
distribution of dividends paid by wholly foreign-owned enterprises WFOEs include the Company Law of PRC, and the Foreign
Investment Law. According to the Foreign Investment Law of the People s Republic of China and its implementing rules, which jointly
established the legal framework for the administration of foreign-invested companies, a foreign investor may, in accordance with other
applicable laws, freely transfer into or out of China its contributions, profits, capital earnings, income from asset disposal, intellectual
property rights, royalties acquired, compensation or indemnity legally obtained, and income from liquidation, made or derived within
the territory of China in RMB or any foreign currency, and any entity or individual shall not illegally restrict such transfer in terms
of the currency, amount and frequency. Under these regulations, our PRC subsidiary in China may pay dividends only out of its accumulated
profits, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, our PRC subsidiary in China
is required to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profits based on PRC accounting standards each year to its general reserves until
its cumulative total reserve funds reach 50 of its registered capital. These reserve funds, however, may not be distributed as cash
dividends. A PRC company is not permitted to distribute any profits until any losses from prior fiscal years have been offset. Profits
retained from prior fiscal years may be distributed together with distributable profits from the current fiscal year. In addition, registered
share capital and capital reserve accounts are also restricted from withdrawal in the PRC, up to the amount of net assets held in each
operating subsidiary. In contrast, there is presently no foreign exchange control or restrictions on capital flows into and out of Hong
Kong. Hence, our Hong Kong subsidiary is able to transfer cash without any limitation to the United States under normal circumstances. 

Renminbi, or RMB, is not freely convertible into
other currencies. As a result, any restriction on currency exchange may limit the ability of our PRC subsidiary to use their potential
future RMB revenues to pay dividends to us. The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies
and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China. Shortages in availability of foreign currency may then restrict the ability
of our PRC subsidiary to remit sufficient foreign currency to our offshore entities for those offshore entities to pay dividends or make
other payments or otherwise to satisfy our foreign-currency-denominated obligations. RMB is currently convertible under the current
account, which includes dividends and trade- and service-related foreign exchange transactions, but not under the capital
account, which includes foreign direct investment and foreign debt (which may be denominated in foreign currency or RMB), including
loans we may secure for our PRC subsidiary. Currently, our PRC subsidiary may purchase foreign currency for settlement of current account
transactions, including payment of dividends to us, without the approval of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of China (SAFE)
by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, the relevant PRC governmental authorities may limit or eliminate our ability
to purchase foreign currencies in the future for current account transactions. The PRC government may continue to strengthen its capital
controls, and additional restrictions and substantial vetting processes may be instituted by SAFE for cross-border transactions falling
under both the current account and the capital account. Any existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability
to utilize revenue generated in RMB to fund our business activities outside of China or pay dividends in foreign currencies to holders
of our securities. Foreign exchange transactions under the capital account remain subject to limitations and require approvals from,
or registration with, SAFE and other relevant PRC governmental authorities. This could affect our ability to obtain foreign currency
through debt or equity financing for our subsidiaries. See the risk factors discussed in the Risk Factors section of this
Annual Report for a detailed discussion of the Chinese legal restrictions on the payment of dividends, our ability to transfer cash within
the Company and the potential for holders of the Company s common stock to be subject to Chinese taxes on dividends paid by us
in the event we are deemed a Chinese resident enterprise for Chinese tax purposes. 

13 

To address persistent capital outflows and the
RMB s depreciation against the U.S. dollar in the fourth quarter of 2016, the People s Bank of China and the State Administration
of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, have implemented a series of capital control measures in the subsequent months, including stricter vetting
procedures for China-based companies to remit foreign currency for overseas acquisitions, dividend payments and shareholder loan repayments.
The PRC government may continue to strengthen its capital controls and our PRC subsidiary s dividends and other distributions may
be subject to tightened scrutiny in the future. The PRC government also imposes controls on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies
and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC. Therefore, we may experience difficulties in completing the administrative procedures
necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency for the payment of dividends from our profits, if any. Furthermore, if the PRC subsidiary
incurs debt on its own in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other payments. 

In addition, the Enterprise Income Tax Law and
its implementation rules provide that a withholding tax at a rate of 10 will be applicable to dividends payable by Chinese companies
to non-PRC-resident enterprises unless reduced under treaties or arrangements between the PRC central government and the governments
of other countries or regions where the non-PRC resident enterprises are tax resident. Pursuant to the tax agreement between Chinese
mainland and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the withholding tax rate in respect to the payment of dividends by a PRC enterprise
to a Hong Kong enterprise may be reduced to 5 from a standard rate of 10 . However, if the relevant tax authorities determine that our
transactions or arrangements are for the primary purpose of enjoying a favorable tax treatment, the relevant tax authorities may adjust
the favorable withholding tax in the future. Accordingly, there is no assurance that the reduced 5 withholding rate will apply to dividends
received by our Hong Kong subsidiary from our PRC subsidiary. This withholding tax will reduce the amount of dividends we may receive
from our PRC subsidiary. 

Current PRC regulations permit our PRC subsidiary
to pay dividends to HK subsidiary only out of its accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards
and regulations. However, we cannot ensure that we will be able to comply with the PRC regulations in all respects in the future. If
we fail to comply with the PRC regulations, our ability to transfer cash and distribute earnings may be negatively affected, which could
materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. 

As of the date of this Annual Report, our PRC
subsidiary distributed 10.2 million (net of withholding tax at 1.1 million charged at a rate of 10 of the declared dividend) to its
holding parent, the HK subsidiary. As long as meeting the above-mentioned requirements, there is no restriction or limitation to transfer
dividends from our PRC subsidiary to its Hong Kong parent company, and there is no restriction or limitation to transfer dividends from
our Hong Kong subsidiary to its US parent holding company. Since EUBG, the Nevada holding company, is not the direct parent company of
the PRC subsidiary, EUBG and the PRC subsidiary cannot make transfer to the other. We intend to keep any future earnings to finance the
expansion of our business to our subsidiaries, and we do not anticipate that any cash dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future
from the HK subsidiary to EUBG, and/or from EUBG to its shareholders. As of the date of this Annual Report, other than the above stated
 10.2 million cash dividends transferred from our PRC subsidiary to our HK subsidiary for operation costs, no cash transfer or transfer
of other assets (including dividends and distribution) have occurred among our EUBG, our Nevada holding company and its subsidiaries,
either the HK subsidiary or the PRC subsidiary. For more details for the withholding tax paid, see our audited consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Business Overview 

EUBG is not a Chinese operating company but a
Nevada holding company. As a holding company with no material operations of our own, EUBG conducts all of its operations through its
subsidiary in China. Our current principal business activities are providing consulting services and sourcing and marketing services
in China through our PRC subsidiary with support from our HK subsidiary. Our PRC subsidiary provides services aimed at connecting businesses
with e-commerce platforms. 

14 

Our integrated service platform focuses on strategic
marketing and consulting, which include digital marketing consulting and KOL Training Related Services. However, since March 22, 2022,
our KOL Training Related Services has been suspended due to suspension of such services by our partner, Jade Bird. The establishment
of our platform is to serve the digital marketing strategy needs of the start-up business companies and small-size companies. Our PRC
subsidiary offers our digital marketing on e-commerce solution plan to these companies in order for them to provide products to their
customers. Our mission is to help start-up companies and small-size companies and guide these companies founders in utilizing
our digital marketing consulting plan to reach their business goals. Our marketing consultation on e-commerce solution plan aim to bring
online traffic and attention from the markets for our customers to conduct their e-commerce and build their brands. Our customers are
mainly private companies which need digital marketing services for branding or engaging in e-commerce. Our KOL Training Related Services
aims to help our customers become a certified livestream sales talents as the market demand for livestream salespersons continues to
grow with the changing retail and E-Commerce environment and the arrival of 5G era. 

As of December 31, 2023, we had 24 full-time
employees. Full-time positions include CEO, CFO, President, V.P., Product Department, Sales Department, Customers Services Department,
Administrative staffs, and Financial department. We anticipate adding approximately five additional employees in 2024 to our Customer
Services Department and Sales and Marketing Department. 

Except for the seven (7) trademarks owned by
the PRC subsidiary, we do not own or control any intellectual property rights, such as patents, franchise or concessions, except the
trademarks owned by the PRC Subsidiary. 

We do not need any government approvals of principal
services. 

Our main service is marketing consultancy, which
includes digital marketing consulting and KOL (Key Opinion Leaders) Training Related Services. Our KOL Training Related Services have
been suspended since March 22, 2022. 

A. Digital Marketing Consulting: 

Our PRC subsidiary provides a full range of services
(include consultancy, sourcing and marketing services) to assist our clients and customers in selling their products. With our professional
knowledge and practical experience, we use various marketing methods (e.g. KOL) to increase brand awareness in the local market and ultimately
drive sales. Our PRC subsidiary works outward from a client s brand strategy and existing online assets to define the optimal digital
footprint for the brand. 

Currently, our PRC subsidiary provides substantially
all of our marketing consulting services in conjunction with an e-commerce mobile application APP namely Chuangyetianxia .
Chuangyetianxia is developed by our related company, Xi an Chuangyetianxia Network Technology Co., Ltd. Xi an CNT ),
a limited liability company established in the Peoples Republic of China PRC or China ). Xi an
CNT is substantially controlled by Zhongchuang Boli (as described below in the Transactions with Related Parties). Chuangyetianxia is
an APP platform Platform which offers a range of capabilities that connects sellers with buyers, for example wholesale
companies and the end customers. It offers users an interface to the supplier s services/product catalogues. 

Through our PRC subsidiary s prior working
relationship with Xi an CNT and our extensive experience with the Platform, we are able to provide our customers with customized
service and seamless integration of our customers APP to the Platform and assisting them in achieving a specific business objective
(e.g. facilitating product sales, course enrollments, private car sales and delivery, and enhancing livestream performers performance
and profitability). We are entitled to a fixed rate on revenue generated by our client that are related to the scope of respective consultancy
services upon client acceptance on the services provided. 

15 

In addition, our PRC subsidiary also provides
agency-based sourcing and marketing services to connect marketplace operators and merchants. Agency-based sourcing services represents
product procurement on behalf of the Platform. We recognize revenues from agency-based sourcing at a fixed rate on the value of goods
that are sourced and delivered to the ultimate customers by the merchants. 

For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
we derived services revenues of 6,154,427 and 3,233,950, respectively, through the APP platform, represented 99 and 92 of our total
revenue. 

In the future, our PRC subsidiary plans to expand
our marketing consulting services to include, but is not limited to: Diagnosing marketing strategy options, assisting in establishing
complete marketing system, positioning branding, branding image design and broadcasting, online and off-line sales channel setup, products
development plans, marketing model setup, choosing e-commerce platform, proposing digital marketing projects, enhancing e-commerce traffic,
and acting as sales agent for our clients, and business marketing training (marketing strategy, sales techniques, customer services,
management knowledges, e-commerce traffic generating, and KOL training etc.) 

B. KOL (Key Opinion Leaders) Training Related
Services 

The
core advantage of Influencer Marketing (Influencer Marketing) is the precise market positioning and exposure to tens of thousands of
target audiences in a short period of time. The global influencer marketing market size has more than tripled since 2019. In 2024, the
market was estimated to reach a record of 24 billion U.S. dollars https://www.statista.com/statistics/1092819/global-influencer-market-size/ ).
In China, influencer marketing was thriving. Industry forecasts showed that the country s influencer marketing, or KOL marketing,
would total at 98 billion yuan in 2021 with 44 percent year-over-year growth (https://www.statista.com/statistics/1307443/china-key-opinion-leader-market-size/).
Enterprises choose to cooperate with the brand and have a level of follower influence. The influencer then introduces and recommends
those companies products to their followers through creative video content on a social media platform on a professional platform. 

An influencer has an excellent ability to generate
content, and enjoys creativity, content creation, and sharing audience. If influencers know their followers well, care about their feelings,
and know what content to post, it is more effective for the followers. If the influencers and the client s branding match accurately,
the communication and cooperation between the two parties would work smoothly. 

The word influencer as it is used
in China is broad and applies to people who are bloggers, online content creators, vloggers and live streamers, as well as traditional
celebrities. China has its own terminology to refer to an influencer marketing practitioner: key opinion leader (KOL) or wang-hong, 
which is the romanization of the Mandarin pronunciation for online celebrity. 

Chinese users behave differently when it comes
to taking advice. Instead of depending on search engines, Chinese users value advice from sources such as their peers, friends, bloggers
and celebrities also known as KOL (Key Opinion Leaders). Much like influencers in the Western world, KOLs are very crucial in the overall
digital marketing approach in China. An industry of wang-hong incubators or KOL academies is thriving to
meet the flood of KOL aspirants. Currently, our PRC subsidiary cooperates with third party live-broadcasting training agencies to coordinate,
recruit and enroll KOL students in various training programs in professional anchor quality. Such programs are able to qualify the trainees
to obtain anchor licenses/permits before they broadcast on the internet. 

In August 2020, our PRC subsidiary starts to
cooperates with third party live-broadcasting training agencies to coordinate, recruit and enroll KOL students in various training programs
in professional anchor quality. Such programs are able to qualify the trainees to obtain anchor licenses/permits before they broadcast
on the internet. In this business, the third party live-broadcasting training agencies take the primarily responsibilities for providing
the training programs to the KOL students. Our services are to these live-broadcasting training agencies, which include but not limit
to, recruiting and enrolling KOL students and coordinating the schedule of training course teachers on behalf of the live-broadcasting
training agencies. Our PRC subsidiary generated consultancy services income directly from the live-broadcasting agencies based on the
number of successful enrolled KOL students recruited by us. 

16 

In September 2021, our PRC subsidiary starts to
provide digital training related services to clients who are interested to conduct live-broadcasting business through social medias. We
require the clients to pay a pre-established fee in exchange for the services. Revenues are recognized when promised services (e.g. preliminary
consulting work, setting up of an e-learning account and delivery of learning materials) are delivered to the clients. 

However, on March 22, 2022, our PRC
subsidiary learned that Beijing Jade Bird Culture and Art Research Institute Jade Bird ), the KOL agency that the PRC
subsidiary works with to coordinate digital training related service, suspended its service after receiving a notice from China
National Personal Talent Training Network CNPTTN ), a PRC regulatory agency for the talent training, that until
further notice. CNPTTN has suspended all recruitment services using its CNPTTN s name. As a result of CNPTTN s
suspension, our PRC subsidiary has also suspended its digital training related services since March 22, 2022. As it is highly
unlikely that such digital training services by the Company will be resumed in the foreseeable future, the Company has refunded all
advance payments made by clients who were unable to receive such training-related services. 

For the years ended December 31, 2023 and
2022, we generated Nil and 264,026, respectively, from the KOL Training Related Services, represented 0 and 7.5 of our total revenue. 

Our Strategy 

We, through our PRC subsidiary,
has extensive experience with the Chuangyetianxia Platform that allow us to provide marketing consulting services to our
customers leveraging the Platform to quickly increase customer traffic to our client s products and services. We consider Xi an
CNT a related party as it is substantially controlled by Zhongchuang Boli (as described below in the Transactions with Related Parties). 

We also cooperate with
third party live-broadcasting training agencies to coordinate, recruit and enroll KOL students in various training programs in professional
anchor quality. 

Our business objective
is to generate revenues based on providing our digital marketing consultation and to maintain and grow ultimate user group for our clients. 

Our target market is
the start-up and small-size companies mainly situation in China which needs to upgrade their traditional marketing plan to digital marketing
and establishing their brand names and exploit products market in the digital world and specified target audiences. 

We seek to leverage our
marketing management s experience to expand our consumer base, starting with start-ups and small-size corporate clients. Our customers
are from different market sectors including but not limited to online education, biotechnology, health care products, and agriculture
technology products. 

Potential competitors 

Our China subsidiary is operating in a highly
competitive consulting market, from both existing competitors and new market entrants. Our main competitors include: Soplan ),
Han-Consulting ), Osens Bayii ), Huayuhua SEMTIME,
and Caina ). 

However, to our knowledge, none of these consulting
companies are providing the services that integrates customers APPS to other APP platform likes we do. We provide our marketing
consultation services to our customers by introducing and assisting them with integrating their APPs with and into the Chuangyetianxia.
We leverage Chuangyetianxia Platform and active users to save the time and efforts of our customers to build up their own users base.
Our customers are able to attract traffic to their APPs by simply applying and adapting to Chuangyetianxia Platform. In addition, Xi an
CNT is able to generate more traffic from the existing users of our customers. This model that we created is a win-win solution for our
customers and to Xi an CNT. 

Those competitors are not using the methods to
connect different APPs together to bring cross-traffics to each other s platforms. Though we believe that we are the pioneer in
using this strategy, these competitors may adopt the same method for their clients. 

17 

Our Challenges with Having Operations in China 

Entrepreneur Universe Bright Group is a Nevada
holding company that conducts substantially all of its operations and business in China through its PRC subsidiary. Such structure involves
unique risks to investors in the Company s common stock. For a detailed description of the risk, see Risk Factors ,
including the risks described under the subsections headed Risks Related to Our Business and Industry , Risks associated
with doing business in China and Risks Related to the Market for the Company s Common Stock . In particular,
as we are a China-based company incorporated in Nevada, we face various legal and operational risks and uncertainties related to being
based in and having substantially all of our operations in China. The PRC government has significant oversight and discretion to exert
certain influence on the ability of a China-based company, such as us, to conduct its business, accept foreign investments or list on
an U.S. or other foreign exchanges. For example, we face risks associated with regulatory approvals of offshore offerings, anti-monopoly
regulatory actions, and oversight on cybersecurity and data privacy. Such risks could result in a material change in our operations and/or
the value of the Company s common stock or could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer
the Company s common stock and/or other securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline
or be worthless. The PRC government also has significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of our business and our operations
may be affected by evolving regulatory policies as a result. The PRC government has recently published new policies that significantly
affected certain industries, and we cannot rule out the possibility that it will in the future release regulations or policies regarding
our industry that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the PRC government
has recently sought to exert more oversight and supervision over overseas securities offerings and other capital markets activities and
foreign investment in China-based companies like us. These risks could result in a material change in our operations and the value of
the Company s common stock, or could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities
to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless. You should pay special attention to
the subsection headed Risks associated with doing business in China below. 

Key Factors that Affect Operating Results 

We believe the following key factors may affect
our financial condition and results of operations: 

Our success depends on our ability to acquire
clients effectively 

Our ability to increase our revenue largely depends
on our ability to attract and engage potential clients. Our sales and marketing efforts include those related to client acquisition and
retention, and general marketing. We intend to continue to dedicate significant resources to our sales and marketing efforts and constantly
seek to improve the effectiveness of these efforts to grow our revenues. 

Our client acquisition channels primarily include
our sales and marketing campaigns and existing client referrals. In order to acquire clients, we have made significant efforts in building
mutually beneficial long-term relationships with local government and local business associations. In addition, we also market our services
through the influence of our founder and CEO, Mr. Guolin Tao, who is a well-known entrepreneur in China. If any of our current client
acquisition channels becomes less effective, or if we are unable to continue to use any of these channels, we may not be able to attract
new clients in a cost-effective manner or convert potential clients into active clients and may even lose our existing clients to our
competitors. To the extent that our current client acquisition and retention efforts becomes less effective, our service revenue may be
significantly impacted, which would have a significant adverse effect on our revenues, financial condition and results of operations. 

18 

Our operations for the year ended December
31, 2023 depends on one major customer 

For the year ended December 31, 2023, the customer
for our PRC subsidiary that constitutes a greater-than ten percent (10 contribution to net revenues is Zhongchuang Boli Technology Holdings
Co., Ltd (75 who is a marketplace operator conducting both consultancy service and sourcing and marketing services with our PRC subsidiary. 

For agency-based sourcing and marketing
services, it represents product procurement on behalf of the customer. We recognized revenues from agency-based sourcing and
marketing services at a fixed rate on the value of goods that are sourced and delivered to the ultimate customers by the customer.
The service agreement has been terminated in August 2023. 

The customer is required to settle the service
fees in accordance with the predetermined settlement period (e.g. monthly) in accordance with the service agreements. 

There is a risk to our revenue in case the major
customer decided to terminate the services with us which will significantly harm our business. 

A severe or prolonged slowdown in the global
or Chinese economy could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition. 

The rapid growth of the Chinese economy has slowed
down since 2012 and such slowdown may continue in the future. There is considerable uncertainty over the trade conflicts between the United
States and China and the long-term effects of the expansionary monetary and fiscal policies adopted by the central banks and financial
authorities of some of the world s leading economies, including the United States and China; the withdrawal of these expansionary
monetary and fiscal policies could lead to a contraction. There continue to be concerns over unrest and terrorist threats in the Middle
East, Europe, and Africa, which have resulted in volatility in oil and other markets. There are also concerns about the relationship among
China and other Asian countries, which may result in or intensify potential conflicts in relation to territorial disputes. The eruption
of armed conflict could adversely affect global or Chinese discretionary spending, either of which could have a material and adverse effect
on our business, results of operation in financial condition. Economic conditions in China are sensitive to global economic conditions,
as well as changes in domestic economic and political policies and the expected or perceived overall economic growth rate in China. Any
severe or prolonged slowdown in the global or Chinese economy would likely materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. In addition, continued turbulence in the international markets may adversely affect our ability to access capital
markets to meet liquidity needs. 

Our services depend on our ability to retain
our cooperation with Xi an CNT 

A significant portion of our PRC subsidiary s
revenues are generated from our PRC subsidiary s marketing consulting services that relies on an e-commerce APP known as Chuangyetianxia .
The APP is developed by our related company, Xi an CNT which offers a range of capabilities that connects sellers with buyers, for
example wholesale companies and the end customers. It offers users an interface to the supplier s services/product catalogues. 

Through our PRC subsidiary s prior working relationship
with Xi an CNT and our extensive experience with the Platform, we are able to provide our customers with customized service and
seamless integration of our customers APP to the Platform and assisting them in connecting with the Platform and assisting them
in achieving a specific business objective (e.g. facilitating product sales, course enrollments, and enhancing livestream performers 
performance and profitability). We are entitled to a fixed rate on revenue generated by our client that are related to the scope of respective
consultancy services upon client acceptance on the services provided. 

In addition, we, through our PRC subsidiary, also
provide agency-based sourcing and marketing services to connect marketplace operators and merchants. Agency-based sourcing and marketing
services represents product procurement on behalf of the Platform. We recognize revenues from agency-based sourcing and marketing at a
fixed rate on the value of goods that are sourced and delivered to the ultimate customers by the merchants. 

For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
we derived services revenues of 6,154,427 and 3,233,950, respectively, through the APP platform, represented 99 and 92 of our total
revenue. In case Xi an CNT suspends the Platform, or the normal operation of the Platform is disrupted, or our customers are denied
access to the Platform, our revenue will be significantly affected. 

19 

Holding Company Structure 

Entrepreneur Universe Bright Group is a Nevada
holding corporation and we conduct substantially all of our operations through our Hong Kong and PRC subsidiary. As a result, our ability
to pay dividends and to service any debt we may incur overseas largely depends upon dividends paid by our PRC subsidiary. If our PRC subsidiary
incurs debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing their debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends to us. 

In addition, our PRC subsidiary is permitted to
pay dividends to us only out of their retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business
Enterprise as promulgated by the Ministry of Finance of the PRC, or the PRC GAAP. The aggregate distributable retained earnings for our
PRC subsidiary as determined under the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprise were RMB14.6 million and RMB14.2 million as of December
31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Pursuant to the laws and regulations applicable to China s foreign investment enterprises, our
subsidiary that is foreign investment enterprise in the PRC has to make appropriation from their after-tax profit, as determined under
PRC GAAP, to reserve funds including (i) general reserve fund, (ii) enterprise expansion fund and (iii) staff bonus and welfare
fund. The appropriation to the general reserve fund must be at least 10 of the after-tax profits calculated in accordance with PRC
GAAP. Appropriation is not required if the reserve fund has reached 50 of the registered capital of our subsidiary. As of the date of
this Annual Report, our PRC subsidiary has contributed 50 of the registered capital to general reserve fund. Appropriation to the other
two reserve funds are at our subsidiary s discretion. Our PRC subsidiaries did not make any contributions to the enterprise expansion
fund or the staff and bonus welfare fund during each period presented. The restricted amounts of our PRC subsidiary totaled RMB457,499
(US 65,911) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. See Governmental Regulation in relation to Company s business
- Regulations related to Dividend Distribution . 

As of the date of this Annual Return, our PRC
subsidiary, distributed USD10.2 million (net of withhold tax at USD1.1 million charged at a rate of 10 of the declared dividend) to its
holding parent Hong Kong subsidiary. As long as meeting the above-mentioned requirements, there is no restriction or limitation to transfer
dividends for our China subsidiary to its Hong Kong parent company, and there is no restriction or limitation to transfer dividends for
our Hong Kong subsidiary to its US parent holding company. 

Recent Regulatory Developments 

Regulations on Overseas Listings 

On July 6, 2021, the Opinions on Severely Cracking
Down on Illegal Securities Activities According to Law was jointly issued by the General Office of the Communist Party of China Central
Committee and the General Office of the State Council, which stepped up scrutiny of overseas listings by companies and calls for strengthening
cooperation in cross-border regulation, improving relevant laws and regulations on cyber security, cross-border data transmission and
confidential information management, including the confidentiality requirement and file management related to the issuance and listing
of securities overseas, enforcing the primary responsibility of the enterprises for information security of China-based overseas-listed
companies and promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems to deal with the risks and incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed
companies. 

On February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated the
Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies 
(the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and five supporting guidelines, which
became effective on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures , PRC
domestic companies that directly or indirectly offer or list their securities in an overseas market, which include (i) any PRC company
limited by shares, and (ii) any offshore company that conducts its business operations primarily in China and contemplates to offer or
list its securities in an overseas market based on its onshore equities, assets or similar interests, are required to file with the CSRC
within three business days after its application for overseas listing is submitted. Furthermore,
if any PRC company that has directly or indirectly listed securities in overseas markets conducts follow-on offering of securities in
such overseas markets, it shall fulfill the filing procedures with and report relevant information to the CSRC, too. Failure to
complete the filing under the Overseas Listing Trial Measures may subject a PRC domestic
company to rectification ordered by the CSRC, warning, and fine of RMB1 million to RMB10 million. In addition, PRC domestic companies
shall report to the CSRC upon occurrence of certain material events, including change of control, investigations or sanctions imposed
by overseas securities regulatory authorities, change of listing status or transfer of listing segment, and voluntary or mandatory delisting. 

20 

Licenses, Permits
and Government Regulations 

PRC Legal System 

The PRC legal system
is a civil law system based on the PRC Constitution and is made up of written laws, regulations and directives. Unlike in the US where
the law built partly upon decisions of common law cases, court cases in the PRC do not constitute binding precedents. The governmental
directives are organized in the following hierarchy. 

The National People s
Congress of the PRC NPC and the Standing Committee of the NPC are empowered by the PRC Constitution to exercise the legislative
power of the state. The NPC has the power to amend the PRC Constitution and to enact and amend primary laws governing the state organs
and civil and criminal matters. The Standing Committee of the NPC is empowered to interpret, enact and amend laws other than those required
to be enacted by the NPC. 

The State Council of
the PRC is the highest organ of state administration and has the power to enact administrative rules and regulations. Ministries and commissions
under the State Council of the PRC are also vested with the power to issue orders, directives and regulations within the jurisdiction
of their respective departments. Administrative rules, regulations, directives and orders promulgated by the State Council and its ministries
and commissions must not be in conflict with the PRC Constitution or the national laws and, in the event that any conflict arises, the
Standing Committee of the NPC has the power to annul such administrative rules, regulations, directives and orders. 

At the regional level,
the people s congresses of provinces and municipalities and their standing committees may enact local rules and regulations and
the people s government may promulgate administrative rules and directives applicable to their own administrative area. These local
laws and regulations may not be in conflict with the PRC Constitution, any national laws or any administrative rules and regulations promulgated
by the State Council. 

Rules, regulations or
directives may be enacted or issued at the provincial or municipal level or by the State Council of the PRC or its ministries and commissions
in the first instance for experimental purposes. After sufficient experience has been gained, the State Council may submit legislative
proposals to be considered by the NPC or the Standing Committee of the NPC for enactment at the national level. 

Governmental Regulations in Relation to our
Businesses 

This section set forth a summary of the principal
PRC laws and regulations relevant to our business and operations in China. 

Cybersecurity Measures 

On December 28, 2021, the CAC and several other
administrations jointly published the Measures for Cybersecurity Review (2021), which became effective on February 15, 2022 and replace
the current Measures for Cybersecurity Review promulgated on April 13, 2020. The Measures for Cybersecurity Review (2021) specifies that
the procurement of network products and services by operator of critical information infrastructure and the activities of data process
carried out by Internet platform operator that raise or may raise national security concerns are subject to strict cyber
security review by Cybersecurity Review Office established by the CAC. Before a critical information infrastructure operator purchases
internet products and services, it should assess the potential risk of national security that may be caused by the use of such products
and services. If such use of products and services may give raise to national security concerns, it should apply for a cyber security
review by the Cybersecurity Review Office and a report of analysis of the potential effect on national security shall be submitted when
the application is made. In addition, Internet platform operators that possess the personal data of over one million users must apply
for a review by the Cybersecurity Review Office, if they plan to list their companies in foreign countries. The CAC may voluntarily conduct
cyber security review if any network products and services and activities of data process affects or may affect national security. It
may take approximately 70 business days in maximum for the general cybersecurity review upon the delivery of their applications, which
may be subject to extensions for a special review. We will not be subject to cybersecurity review with the CAC under the Measures for
Cybersecurity Review (2021), on the basis that (i) we currently do not have over one million users personal information and do
not anticipate that we will be collecting over one million users personal information in the foreseeable future, which we understand
might otherwise subject us to the Measures for Cybersecurity Review (2021); (ii) our PRC subsidiary s business operations do not
involve any Critical Information Infrastructure, and (iii) neither we nor the PRC subsidiary has received any notification from applicable
PRC governmental authorities indicating that any of the PRC subsidiary s products or services is determined as the Critical Information
Infrastructure. 

21 

In addition, on November 14, 2021, the Administration
Regulations on Cyber Data Security (Draft for Comments) () (the Draft Regulation was proposed by the CAC for public comments until December 13, 2021. The Draft Regulation
stipulates that data processors which process the personal information of at least one million users must apply for a cybersecurity review
if they plan to list their companies in foreign countries, and the Draft Regulation further require the data processors that carry out
the following activities to apply for cybersecurity review in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations: (i) the merger, reorganization
or division of internet platform operators that have gathered a large number of data resources related to national security, economic
development and public interests affects or may affect national security; (ii) the listing of the data processor in Hong Kong affects
or may affect the national security; and (iii) other data processing activities that affect or may affect national security. Any failure
to comply with such requirements may subject us to, among others, suspension of services, fines, revoking relevant business permits or
business licenses and penalties. Since the Draft Regulation is in the process of being formulated, it remains unclear whether and how
these draft rules will ultimately be adopted, interpreted and implemented. 

As the Measures for Cybersecurity Review (2021)
and the Draft Regulation are newly published, the exact scope of critical information infrastructure operators and data
processing operators under the above regulations and the current regulatory regime remains unclear, and the PRC government authorities
may have certain discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of these laws. Currently, the Measures for Cybersecurity Review (2021)
and the Draft Regulation have not materially affected our business and operations, but in anticipation of the strengthened implementation
of cybersecurity laws and regulations and the continued expansion of our business, our PRC subsidiary faces potential risks if we are
deemed as a critical information infrastructure operator or data processing operator under the PRC cybersecurity laws and regulations.
In such case, we must fulfill certain obligations as required under the PRC cybersecurity laws and regulations, including, among others,
storing personal information and other important data collected and produced within the PRC territory as part of our operations in China
(as we currently do in our operations), and we may be subject to lengthy cybersecurity review and other enhanced regulatory requirements
when purchasing internet products and services or conducting data processing activities. We may face challenges in addressing such enhanced
regulatory requirements and make necessary changes to our internal policies and practices in data privacy and cybersecurity matters. See
 Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our PRC subsidiary may be
liable for improper collection, use or appropriation of personal information provided by our customers and employees and Risk
Factors Risks associated with doing business in China Uncertainties exist with respect to
the enactment timetable, interpretation and implementation of the laws and regulations with respect to online platform business operation. 

As of the date of this
filing of the Annual Report, our operating subsidiaries have not been involved in any investigations on cybersecurity review initiated
by the CAC based on the above regulations, and we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, sanctions in such respect or any regulatory
objections to this registration. As of the date of this Annual Report, recent regulatory actions by China s government related to
data security have not materially impacted our ability to conduct our business, accept foreign investments or list on a U.S. or other
foreign exchanges. 

Regulations Related to Foreign Investment 

Guidance Catalogue of Industries for Foreign
Investment 

Investment activities in the PRC by foreign investors
are principally governed by the Guidance Catalogue of Industries for Foreign Investment , or the Guidance Catalog, which was
promulgated and is amended from time to time by Ministry of Commerce, or MOFCOM, and the National Development and Reform Commission, or
NDRC. The Guidance Catalog lays out the basic framework for foreign investment in China, classifying businesses into three categories
with regard to foreign investment: encourage, restricted and prohibited. Industries not listed
in the catalog are generally deemed as falling into a fourth category permitted unless specifically restricted by other
PRC laws. 

22 

In addition, in June 2018 the MOFCOM and the NDRC
promulgated the Special Management Measures (Negative List) for the Access of Foreign Investment , or the Negative List, which
became effective on July 28, 2018 and was further updated on June 30, 2019, June 23, 2020 and December 27, 2021. 

Foreign Investment Law 

On March 15, 2019, the
National People s Congress approved the Foreign Investment Law of the PRC, or the Foreign Investment Law, which
came into effect on January 1, 2020 and replaced the trio of existing laws regulating foreign investment in China, namely, the Sino-foreign
Equity Joint Venture Enterprise Law of the PRC , the Sino-foreign Cooperative Joint Venture Enterprise Law of the PRC and
the Wholly Foreign-invested Enterprise Law of the PRC , together with their implementation rules and ancillary regulations.
The organization form, organization and activities of foreign-invested enterprises shall be governed, among others, by the PRC
Company Law and the PRC Partnership Enterprise Law. Foreign-invested enterprises established before the implementation
of the Foreign Investment Law may retain the original business organization and so on within five years after the implementation of this
Law. 

The Foreign Investment
Law is formulated to further expand opening-up, vigorously promote foreign investment and protect the legitimate rights and interests
of foreign investors. According to the Foreign Investment Law, foreign investments are entitled to pre-entry national treatment and are
subject to negative list management system. The pre-entry national treatment means that the treatment given to foreign investors and their
investments at the stage of investment access shall not be less favorable than that of domestic investors and their investments. The negative
list management system means that the state implements special administrative measures for access of foreign investment in specific fields. 

Foreign investors 
investment, earnings and other legitimate rights and interests within the territory of China shall be protected in accordance with the
law, and all national policies on supporting the development of enterprises shall equally apply to foreign-invested enterprises. Among
others, the state guarantees that foreign-invested enterprises participate in the formulation of standards in an equal manner and that
foreign-invested enterprises participate in government procurement activities through fair competition in accordance with the law. Further,
the state shall not expropriate any foreign investment except under special circumstances. In special circumstances, the state may levy
or expropriate the investment of foreign investors in accordance with the law for the needs of the public interest. The expropriation
and requisition shall be conducted in accordance with legal procedures and timely and reasonable compensation shall be given. In carrying
out business activities, foreign-invested enterprises shall comply with relevant provisions on labor protection. 

The Implementation Regulations of Foreign
Investment Law of the PRC , adopted by the State Council on December 26, 2019 and came into effect on January 1, 2020, provides implementing
measures and detailed rules to ensure the effective implementation of the Foreign Investment Law. 

Regulations Related to Mobile Internet Applications
Information Services 

Mobile Internet applications and application stores
are specifically regulated by the Administrative Provisions on Mobile Internet Applications Information Services , or the App
Provisions, which were promulgated by the the CAC, on June 28, 2016, became effective on August 1, 2016. . On June 14, 2022, the CAC amended
the foregoing App Provisions, which was implemented on August 1, 2022. Pursuant to the App Provisions, owners or operators of mobile apps
that provide information services are required to be responsible for personal information protection, observe the principles of legality,
appropriateness, necessity and good faith, and comply with the relevant provisions. Furthermore, Mobile Internet application providers
shall not, for any reason, force users to consent topersonal information processing, or refuse users to use their basic functions and
services on the ground that users refuse to provide unnecessary personal information. 

In addition, on December 16, 2016, the MIIT promulgated
the Interim Measures on the Administration of Pre-Installation and Distribution of Applications for Mobile Smart Terminals ,
or the App Interim Measures, which took effect on July 1, 2017. The App Interim Measures requires, among others, that internet information
service providers must ensure that a mobile application, as well as its ancillary resource files, configuration files and user data can
be uninstalled by a user on a convenient basis, unless it is a basic function software, which refers to a software that supports the normal
functioning of hardware and operating system of a mobile smart device. 

23 

Neither the App Provisions nor the App Interim
Measures, however, has further clarified the scope of information services, neither do they specify what relevant
qualification(s) that an app owner/operator must obtain. In practice, operational activities of a company conducted through an
app is currently subject to the supervisions of local departments of the Information Communications Administration, and often, the local
departments differentiate the operational activities conducted through websites and through apps. 

As of date of the Annual Report, we have not received
any inquiry or notice from the PRC government concerning our compliance of such regulations. However, there can be no assurance that the
PRC government will ultimately take a view that is consistent with ours. 

Regulations Related to Online Transmission
of Audio-Visual Programs 

On April 13, 2005, the State Council promulgated
the Certain Decisions on the Entry of the Non-state-owned Capital into the Cultural Industry . On July 6, 2005, five PRC governmental
authorities, including the Ministry of Culture, or the MOC, the State Administration of Radio, Film and Television, or the SARFT (the
predecessor of the National Radio and Television Administration, or NRTA), the General Administration of Press and Publication, or the
GAPP, the National Development and Reform Commission and the MOFCOM, jointly adopted the Several Opinions on Canvassing Foreign
Investment into the Cultural Sector . Under these provisions, non-state owned capital and foreign investors are prohibited from engaging
in the business of distributing audio-visual programs through information networks. 

To further regulate the provision of audio-visual
program services to the public via the internet, including through mobile networks, within the territory of the PRC, the SARFT and the
MIIT jointly promulgated the Administrative Provisions on Internet Audio-Visual Program Service , or the Audio-Visual Program
Provisions, on December 20, 2007, which took effect on January 31, 2008 and subsequently amended on August 28, 2015. Pursuant to the Audio-Visual
Program Provisions, Internet audio-visual program services refer to activities of making, redacting and integrating audio-visual programs,
providing them to the general public via the Internet, and providing platforms for uploading and spreading audio-visual programs. Providers
of internet audio-visual program services are required to obtain the Audio-Visual License issued by SARFT, or complete certain registration
procedures with SARFT. In general, providers of internet audio-visual program services must be either state-owned or state-controlled
entities, and the business to be carried out by such providers must satisfy the overall planning and guidance catalog for internet audio-visual
program service determined by SARFT. Our subsidiaries is neither state-owned nor state-controlled, therefore it is unlikely that it will
be able to obtain the Audio-Visual License if required to do so. Whoever engages in Internet audio-visual program service without the
license or registration, the competent authorities shall give it/him an admonition and order it/him to correct, and may impose a fine
of not more than RMB30,000 (approximately US 4,348); if the circumstances are serious, a punishment shall be imposed in accordance with
the provision of Article 47 of the Radio and Television Administration Regulation . 

On May 21, 2008, SARFT issued a Notice
on Relevant Issues Concerning Application and Approval of License for the Online Transmission of Audio-Visual Programs , as amended
on August 28, 2015, which further set out detailed provisions concerning the application and approval process regarding the Audio-Visual
License. Further, on March 31, 2009, SARFT promulgated the Notice on Strengthening the Administration of the Content of Internet
Audio-Visual Programs , which reiterates the pre-approval requirements for the audio-visual programs transmitted via the internet,
including through mobile networks, where applicable, and prohibits certain types of internet audio-visual programs containing violence,
pornography, gambling, terrorism, superstition or other similarly prohibited elements. 

On March 17, 2010, the SARFT issued the Internet
Audio-visual Program Services Categories (Provisional) , or the Provisional Categories, as amended on March 10, 2017. According to
the Provisional Categories, there are four categories of internet audio-visual program services which are further divided into seventeen
sub-categories. The third sub-category to the second category covers the making and editing of certain specialized audio-visual programs
concerning, among other things, finance and educational content, and broadcasting such content to the general public online. However,
there are still significant uncertainties relating to the interpretation and implementation of the Audio-Visual Program Provisions, in
particular, the scope of internet audio-visual programs . 

24 

In addition, the Notice concerning Strengthening
the Administration of the Streaming Service of Online Audio-Visual Programs promulgated by the State Administration of Press
and Publication Radio, Film and Television, or the SAPPRFT (the predecessor of NRTA) on September 2, 2016 emphasizes that, unless a specific
license is granted, audio-visual programs service provider is forbidden from engaging in live streaming on major political, military,
economic, social, cultural and sports events. On November 4, 2016, the State Internet Information Office promulgated the Administrative
Provisions on Internet Live-Streaming Services , or Internet Live-Streaming Services Provisions, which came into effect on December
1, 2016. According to the Internet Live-Streaming Services Provisions, an internet live-streaming service provider shall (a) establish
a live-streaming content review platform; (b) conduct authentication registration of internet live-streaming issuers based on their identity
certificates, business licenses and organization code certificates; and (c) enter into a service agreement with internet live-streaming
services user to specify both parties rights and obligations. 

On March 16, 2018, the SAPPRFT issued the Notice
on Further Regulating the Transmission Order of Internet Audio-Visual Programs , which requires that, among others, audio-visual platforms
shall: (i) not produce or transmit programs intended to parody or denigrate classic works, (ii) not re-edit, re-dub, re-caption or otherwise. 

As of date of the Annual Report, we have not received
any inquiry or notice from the PRC government concerning our compliance of such regulations. However, there can be no assurance that the
PRC government will ultimately take a view that is consistent with ours. 

Regulation on Information Protection on Networks 

On December 28, 2012, SCNPC issued Decision of
the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress on Strengthening Information Protection on Networks, pursuant to which
network service providers and other enterprises and institutions shall, when gathering and using electronic personal information of citizens
in business activities, publish their collection and use rules and adhere to the principles of legality, rationality and necessarily,
explicitly state the purposes, manners and scopes of collecting and using information, and obtain the consent of those from whom information
is collected, and shall not collect and use information in violation of laws and regulations and the agreement between both sides; and
the network service providers and other enterprises and institutions and their personnel must strictly keep such information confidential
and may not divulge, alter, damage, sell, or illegally provide others with such information. 

On July 16, 2013, the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology, or the MIIT, issued the Provisions on the Protection of Personal Information of Telecommunication and Internet
User, which was effective as of September 1, 2013. The requirements under this order are stricter and wider compared to the above decision
issued by the National People s Congress. According to the provisions, if a network service provider wishes to collect or use personal
information, it may do so only if such collection is necessary for the services it provides. Furthermore, it must disclose to its users
the purpose, method and scope of any such collection or usage, and must obtain consent from the users whose information is being collected
or used. Network service providers are also required to establish and publish their protocols relating to personal information collection
or usage, keep any collected information strictly confidential and take technological and other measures to maintain the security of such
information. Network service providers are required to cease any collection or usage of the relevant personal information, and provide
services for the users to de-register the relevant user account, when a user stops using the relevant Internet service. Network service
providers are further prohibited from divulging, distorting or destroying any such personal information, or selling or providing such
personal information unlawfully to other parties. In addition, if a network service provider appoints an agent to undertake any marketing
or technical services that involve the collection or usage of personal information, the network service provider is required to supervise
and manage the protection of the information. The provisions state, in broad terms, that violators may face warnings, fines, public exposure
and, criminal liability whereas the case constitutes a crime. 

On June 1, 2017, the Cybersecurity Law of the
PRC promulgated in November, 2016 by SCNPC became effective. This law also absorbed and restated the principles and requirements mentioned
in the aforesaid decision and order, and further provides that, where an individual finds any network operator collects or uses his or
her personal information in violation of the provisions of any law, regulation or the agreement of both parties, the individual shall
be entitled to request the network operator to delete his or her personal information; if the individual finds that his or her personal
information collected or stored by the network operator has any error, he or she shall be entitled to request the network operator to
make corrections, and the network operator shall take measures to do so. Pursuant to this law, the violators may be subject to: (i) warning;
(ii) confiscation of illegal gains and fines equal to one to ten times of the illegal gains; or if without illegal gains, fines up to
RMB1,000,000; or (iii) an order to shut down the website, suspend the business operation for rectification, or revoke the business license.
In addition, responsible persons may be subject to fines between RMB10,000 and RMB100,000. 

25 

On August 31, 2018, the Standing Committee of
the National People s Congress promulgated the E-commerce Law, which came into effect on January 1, 2019. The E-commerce Law imposes
a series of requirements on e-commerce operators including e-commerce platform operators, merchants operating on the platform and the
individuals and entities carrying out business online. The governance measures that we adopt in response to the enhanced regulatory requirements
may fail to meet these requirements and may lead to penalties or our loss of merchants to those platforms, or to complaints or claims
made against us by customers on our platforms. 

In April 2020, the Cyberspace Administration of
China, the National Development and Reform Commission, MIIT, the Ministry of Public Security, the Ministry of State Security, the Ministry
of Finance, MOC, the People s Bank of China, SAMR, the National Radio and Television Administration, the National Administration
of State Secrets Protection, the National Cryptography Administration promulgated Cybersecurity Review Measures, which came into effect
on June 1, 2020. The Cybersecurity Review Measures provides that the operators of critical information infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity
review when purchasing network products and services which do or may affect national security. 

On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the
National People s Congress of China, or the SCNPC, promulgated the PRC Data Security Law ),
which has been taken effect on September 1, 2021. The PRC Data Security Law imposes data security and privacy obligations on entities
and individuals carrying out data activities, and introduces a data classification and hierarchical protection system based on the importance
of data in economic and social development, as well as the degree of harm it will cause to national security, public interests, or legitimate
rights and interests of individuals or organizations when such data is tampered with, destroyed, leaked, or illegally acquired or used.
The PRC Data Security Law also provides for a national security review procedure for data activities that may affect national security
and imposes export restrictions on certain data and information. As uncertainties remain regarding the interpretation and implementation
of these laws and regulations, we cannot assure you that we will comply with such regulations in all respects and we may be ordered to
rectify or terminate any actions that are deemed illegal by regulatory authorities. We may also become subject to fines and/or other sanctions
which may have material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition. 

On August 20, 2021, the Standing Committee of
the National People s Congress of China promulgated the PRC Personal Information Protection Law ),
or the PIPL, which will take effect in November 2021. In addition to other rules and principles of personal information processing, the
PIPL specifically provides rules for processing sensitive personal information. Sensitive personal information refers to personal information
that, once leaked or illegally used, could easily lead to the infringement of human dignity or harm to the personal or property safety
of an individual, including biometric recognition, religious belief, specific identity, medical and health, financial account, personal
whereabouts and other information of an individual, as well as any personal information of a minor under the age of 14. Only where there
is a specific purpose and sufficient necessity, and under circumstances where strict protection measures are taken, may personal information
processors process sensitive personal information. A personal information processor shall inform the individual of the necessity of processing
such sensitive personal information and the impact thereof on the individual s rights and interests. 

On December 28, 2021, the CAC and several other
administrations jointly published the Measures for Cybersecurity Review (2021), which became effective on February 15, 2022 and replace
the Measures for Cybersecurity Review promulgated on April 13, 2020. The Measures for Cyber Security Review (2021) specifies that the
procurement of network products and services by operator of critical information infrastructure and the activities of data process carried
out by Internet platform operator that raise or may raise national security concerns are subject to strict cyber security
review by Cybersecurity Review Office established by the CAC. Before critical information infrastructure operator purchases internet products
and services, it should assess the potential risk of national security that may be caused by the use of such products and services. If
such use of products and services may give raise to national security concerns, it should apply for a cybersecurity review by the Cybersecurity
Review Office and a report of analysis of the potential effect on national security shall be submitted when the application is made. In
addition, Internet platform operators that possess the personal data of over one million users must apply for a review by the Cybersecurity
Review Office, if they plan to list their companies in foreign countries. The CAC may voluntarily conduct cyber security review if any
network products and services and activities of data process affects or may affect national security. It may take approximately 70 business
days in maximum for the general cybersecurity review upon the delivery of their applications, which may be subject to extensions for a
special review. 

26 

As of the date of this Annual Report, our PRC
subsidiary has not been informed by any PRC governmental authority of any requirement that it is subject to a cybersecurity review. As
there remains significant uncertainty in the interpretation and enforcement of relevant PRC cybersecurity laws and regulations, we cannot
assure you that we would not be subject to such cybersecurity review requirement, and if so, that we would be able to pass such review.
In addition, we could become subject to enhanced cybersecurity review or investigations launched by PRC regulators in the future. Any
failure or delay in the completion of the cybersecurity review procedures or any other non-compliance with the related laws and regulations
may result in fines or other penalties, including suspension of business, website closure, removal of our app from the relevant app stores,
and revocation of prerequisite licenses, as well as reputational damage or legal proceedings or actions against us, which may have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Regulations Related to Internet Culture Activities 

On February 17, 2011, the MOC promulgated the Interim
Administrative Provisions on Internet Culture , or the Internet Culture Provisions, which became effective on April1, 2011 and was
amended on December 15, 2017. The Internet Culture Provisions require ICP services providers engaging in commercial internet culture
activities to obtain an Internet Culture Business Operating License from the MOC. Internet cultural activity is defined
in the Internet Culture Provisions as an act of provision of internet cultural products and related services, which includes (i) the production,
duplication, importation, and broadcasting of the internet cultural products; (ii) the online dissemination whereby cultural products
are posted on the internet or transmitted via the internet to end-users, such as computers, fixed-line telephones, mobile phones, television
sets and games machines, for online users browsing, use or downloading; and (iii) the exhibition and comparison of the internet
cultural products. In addition, internet cultural products is defined in the Internet Culture Provisions as cultural products
produced, broadcast and disseminated via the internet, which mainly include internet cultural products specially produced for the internet,
such as online music entertainment, online games, online shows and plays (programs), online performances, online works of art and online
cartoons, and internet cultural products produced from cultural products such as music entertainment, games, shows and plays (programs),
performances, works of art, and cartoons through certain techniques and duplicating those to internet for dissemination. 

As of date of the Annual Report, we have not received
any inquiry or notice from the PRC government concerning our compliance of such regulations. However, there can be no assurance that the
PRC government will ultimately take a view that is consistent with ours. 

Regulations Related to Consumer Rights Protection 

The Consumer Rights and Interests Protection
Law of the PRC , or the Consumer Protection Law, promulgated by the SCNPC on October 31, 1993 and most recently amended on October
25, 2013 (effective as of March 15, 2014), and the Online Trading Measures issued by the SAIC on January 26, 2014 (effective
as of March 15, 2014), set out the obligations of business operators and the rights and interests of the customers. For example, business
operators must guarantee the quality, function, usage, term of validity, personal or property safety requirement of the goods and services
and provide customers with authentic information about the goods and services. Consumer whose legitimate rights and interests are harmed
in the purchase of goods or receipt of services rendered through an online trading platform may seek compensation from the seller or the
service provider. 

On March 15, 2021, the SAMR promulgated the Measures
for the Supervision and Administration of Online Trading , or New Online Trading Measures, which will come into effect on May 1, 2021
and replace the above original Online Trading Measure. The New Online Trading Measures also apply to all online commerce business conducted
through information networks in general, with particular emphasis on transactions through online social networking and online live streaming.
Under the New Online Trading Measures, online trading operators shall perform relevant compliance obligations, such as registration with
the SAMR, protection of customers personal information and fair competition. 

27 

Additionally, the Civil Code, which became effective
on January 1, 2021 and replaced the Tort Liability Law of the PRC , provides that both internet users and internet service
providers may be liable for the wrongful acts of users who infringe the lawful rights of other parties. If an internet user utilizes internet
services to commit a tortious act, the party whose rights are infringed may request the internet service provider to take measures, such
as removing or blocking the content, or disabling the links thereto, to prevent or stop the infringement. If the internet service provider
does not take necessary measures after receiving such notice, it shall be jointly liable for any further damages suffered by the rights
holder. Furthermore, if an internet service provider fails to take necessary measures when it knows that an internet user utilizes its
internet services to infringe the lawful rights and interests of other parties, it shall be jointly liable with the internet user for
damages resulting from the infringement. 

As of date of the Annual Report, we have not received
any inquiry or notice from the PRC government concerning our compliance of such regulations. However, there can be no assurance that the
PRC government will ultimately take a view that is consistent with ours. 

Regulations Related to Intellectual Property
Rights 

Copyright 

The Copyright Law of the PRC , or the
Copyright Law, which took effect on June 1, 1991 and was amended in 2001, 2010 and 2020. The latest version will come into effect on June
1, 2021. Under the currently effective Copyright Law and its implementing regulations adopted in 2002 and amended in 2011 and 2013, Chinese
citizens, legal persons, or other organizations will, whether published or not, enjoy copyright provides that Chinese citizens, legal
persons, or other organizations shall, whether published or not, own copyright in their copyrightable works, which include, among others,
works of literature, art, natural science, social science, engineering technology and computer software. Copyright owners enjoy certain
legal rights, including right of publication, right of authorship and right of reproduction. The Copyright Law extends copyright protection
to Internet activities, products disseminated over the Internet and software products. In addition, the Copyright Law provides for a voluntary
registration system administered by the China Copyright Protection Center, or the CPCC. According to the Copyright Law, an infringer of
the copyrights shall be subject to various civil liabilities, which include ceasing infringement activities, apologizing to the copyright
owners and compensating the loss of copyright owner. Infringers of copyright may also subject to fines and/or administrative or criminal
liabilities in severe situations. 

Pursuant to the Computer Software Copyright
Protection Regulations promulgated by the State Council in 1991 and amended in 2001, 2011 and 2013 respectively, Chinese citizens,
legal persons and other organizations shall enjoy copyright on software they develop, regardless of whether the software is released publicly.
Software copyright commences from the date on which the development of the software is completed. The protection period for software copyright
of a legal person or other organizations shall be 50 years, concluding on December 31 of the 50th year after the software s initial
release. The software copyright owner may go through the registration formalities with a software registration authority recognized by
the State Council s copyright administrative department. The software copyright owner may authorize others to exercise that copyright,
and is entitled to receive remuneration. 

Trademark 

Trademarks are protected by the Trademark
Law of the PRC , which was adopted in 1982 and subsequently amended in 1993, 2001, 2013 and 2019 as well as by the Implementation Regulations
of the PRC Trademark Law adopted by the State Council in 1983 and as most recently amended on April 29, 2014. The Trademark Office under
the SAIC handles trademark registrations. The Trademark Office grants a 10-year term to registered trademarks and the term may be renewed
for another 10-year period upon request by the trademark owner. A trademark registrant may license its registered trademarks to another
party by entering into trademark license agreements, which must be filed with the Trademark Office for its record. As with patents, the
Trademark Law has adopted a first-to-file principle with respect to trademark registration. If a trademark applied for is identical or
similar to another trademark which has already been registered or subject to a preliminary examination and approval for use on the same
or similar kinds of products or services, such trademark application may be rejected. Any person applying for the registration of a trademark
may not injure existing trademark rights first obtained by others, nor may any person register in advance a trademark that has already
been used by another party and has already gained a sufficient degree of reputation through such party s use. 

28 

Domain name 

The domain names are protected under the Administrative
Measures on the Internet Domain Names , or the Domain Name Measures, which was promulgated by the MIIT and became effective in November
2017. The MIIT is the major regulatory body responsible for the administration of the PRC internet domain names, under supervision of
which China Internet Network Information Center, or the CNNIC, is responsible for the daily administration of CN domain names and PRC
domain names. Pursuant to the Domain Name Measures, the registration of domain names adopts the first to file principle
and the registrant shall complete the registration via the domain name registration service institutions. In the event of a domain name
dispute, the disputed parties may lodge a complaint to the designated domain name dispute resolution institution to trigger the domain
name dispute resolution procedure in accordance with the CNNIC Measures on Resolution of the Domain Name Disputes, file a suit to the
People s Court, or initiate an arbitration procedure. 

Regulations Related to Foreign Exchange 

The principal regulations governing foreign currency
exchange in China are the Foreign Exchange Administration Regulations , promulgated by the State Council in 1996 and most recently
amended in 2008. Under the PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, such as profit distributions and trade
and service-related foreign exchange transactions, can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from State Administration
of Foreign Exchange or SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. By contrast, approval from or registration with appropriate
governmental authorities is required where Renminbi is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital
expenses such as the repayment of foreign currency-denominated loans. 

In November 2012, SAFE promulgated the Circular
of Further Improving and Adjusting Foreign Exchange Administration Policies on Foreign Direct Investment, or SAFE Circular 59,
which was most recently amended in 2015 and substantially amends and simplifies the current foreign exchange procedures. Pursuant to SAFE
Circular 59, the opening of various special purpose foreign exchange accounts, such as pre-establishment expenses accounts, foreign exchange
capital accounts, and guarantee accounts, the reinvestment of Renminbi proceeds derived by foreign investors in China, and remittance
of foreign exchange profits and dividends by a foreign-invested enterprise to its foreign shareholders no longer require the approval
or verification of SAFE, and multiple capital accounts for the same entity may be opened in different provinces, which was not possible
previously. 

In February 2015, SAFE promulgated the Notice
on Further Simplifying and Improving the Administration of the Foreign Exchange Concerning Direct Investment, or SAFE Circular
13, pursuant to which, instead of applying for approval regarding foreign exchange registrations of foreign direct investment and overseas
direct investment from SAFE, entities and individuals may apply for such foreign exchange registrations from qualified banks. The qualified
banks, under the supervision of SAFE, may directly review the applications and conduct the registration. 

In March 2015, SAFE issued the Circular
of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming the Administration of Foreign Exchange Settlement of Capital of Foreign-invested
Enterprises, or SAFE Circular 19, which was lastly amended in March, 2023. Pursuant to SAFE Circular 19, a foreign-invested enterprise
may, according to its actual business needs, settle with a bank the portion of the foreign exchange capital in its capital account for
which the relevant foreign exchange administration has confirmed monetary capital contribution rights and interests (or for which the
bank has registered the injection of the monetary capital contribution into the account). In addition, for the time being, foreign-invested
enterprises are allowed to settle 100 of their foreign exchange capital on a discretionary basis. A foreign-invested enterprise shall
truthfully use its capital for its own operational purposes within the scope of business. Where an ordinary foreign-invested enterprise
makes domestic equity investment with the amount of foreign exchanges settled, the invested enterprise must first go through domestic
re-investment registration and open a corresponding account for foreign exchange settlement pending payment with the foreign exchange
administration or the bank at the place where it is registered. 

29 

In June 2016, SAFE promulgated the Circular
on Reforming and Regulating Policies on the Control over Foreign Exchange Settlement of Capital Accounts, or SAFE Circular 16,
which was lastly amended in December, 2023. Pursuant to SAFE Circular 16, in addition to foreign currency capital, enterprises registered
in China may also convert their foreign debts, as well as repatriated fund raised through overseas listing, from foreign currency to Renminbi
on a discretional basis. SAFE Circular 16 also reiterates that the use of capital so converted shall follow the principle of authenticity
and self-use within the business scope of the enterprise. According to SAFE Circular 16, the Renminbi funds so converted shall
not be used for the purposes of, whether directly or indirectly, (i) paying expenditures beyond the business scope of the enterprises
or prohibited by laws and regulations; (ii) making securities investment or other investments (except for financial products and structured
deposits with risk rating not higher than Level 2); (iii) granting loans to non-affiliated enterprises, except as expressly permitted
in the business license; and (iv) purchasing non-self-used residential properties (except for enterprises engaged in real estate development
and leasing). 

In January 2017, SAFE promulgated the Circular
on Further Improving Reform of Foreign Exchange Administration and Optimizing Genuineness and Compliance Verification, or SAFE
Circular 3, which stipulates several capital control measures with respect to the outbound remittance of profit from domestic entities
to offshore entities, including (i) under the principle of genuine transaction, banks shall check board resolutions regarding profit distribution,
the original version of tax filing records, and audited financial statements; and (ii) domestic entities shall hold income to account
for previous years losses before remitting the profits. Further, pursuant to SAFE Circular 3, domestic entities shall make detailed
explanations of the sources of capital and utilization arrangements, and provide board resolutions, contracts and other proof when completing
the registration procedures in connection with an outbound investment. 

On October 23, 2019, SAFE issued the Circular
of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Further Promoting the Facilitation of Cross-border Trade and Investment , or SAFE
Circular 28, which was amended on 4, December, 2023. SAFE Circular 28 allows non-investment foreign-invested enterprises to make domestic
equity investment with their capital funds in accordance with the law under the premise that such investment does not violate the existing
special administrative measures (negative list) for foreign investment and the project invested in China is authentic and compliant. Pursuant
to SAFE Circular 28, upon receiving the payment of consideration from a foreign investor for the equity transfer under foreign direct
investment, the domestic transferor, with relevant registration certificates, can process the formalities for account opening, fund receipt,
and foreign exchange settlement and use directly at the bank. The foreign investor s deposit remitted from overseas or transferred
from domestic accounts can be directly used for its lawful domestic capital contribution as well as domestic and overseas payment after
the transaction is concluded. 

On April 10, 2020, SAFE issued the Circular
on Optimizing Administration of Foreign Exchange to Support the Development of Foreign-related Business , or SAFE Circular 8, pursuant
to which, eligible enterprises are allowed to use the income under capital account, from such sources as capital funds, foreign debt and
overseas listing, for domestic payment without having to provide supporting authentication materials to the banks for every transaction
in advance, but the use of funds shall be true and compliant as well as conform to the existing administration regulations regarding use
of income under capital account. The concerned bank shall conduct spot checking in accordance with the relevant requirements. 

Regulations Related to Dividend Distribution 

The principal regulations governing the distribution
of dividends paid by WFOEs include the Company Law of PRC, which applies to both PRC domestic companies and foreign-invested
companies, and the Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rules, which apply to foreign-invested companies. Under these regulations,
WFOEs in China may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profits, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards
and regulations. In addition, a WFOE in China is required to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profits based on PRC accounting standards
each year to its general reserves until its cumulative total reserve funds reaches 50 of its registered capital. These reserve funds,
however, may not be distributed as cash dividends. 

Regulations Related to Foreign Exchange Registration
of Offshore Investment by PRC Residents 

In July 2014, SAFE issued the Circular
of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Issues concerning Foreign Exchange Administration over the Overseas Investment and
Financing and Round-trip Investment by Domestic Residents via Special Purpose Vehicles , or SAFE Circular 37 which has replaced the
Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Residents Financing and Roundtrip Investment
Through Offshore Special Purpose Vehicles (known as Circular 75). SAFE Circular 37 regulates foreign exchange matters in relation to the
use of special purpose vehicles, or SPVs, by PRC residents or entities to seek offshore investment and financing or conduct
round trip investment in China. Under SAFE Circular 37, an SPV refers to an offshore entity established or controlled, directly or indirectly,
by PRC residents or entities for the purpose of seeking offshore financing or making offshore investment, using legitimate domestic or
offshore assets or interests, while round trip investment refers to the direct investment in China by PRC residents or entities
through SPVs, namely, establishing foreign-invested enterprises to obtain the ownership, control rights and management rights. Circular
37 requires that, before making contribution into an SPV, PRC residents or entities are required to complete foreign exchange registration
with SAFE or its local branch. 

30 

In February 2015, SAFE promulgated the SAFE Circular
13. SAFE Circular 13 has amended SAFE Circular 37 by requiring PRC residents or entities to register with qualified banks instead of SAFE
or its local branch in connection with their establishment of an SPV. 

In addition, pursuant to SAFE Circular 37, an
amendment to registration or subsequent filing with qualified banks by such PRC resident is also required if there is a material change
with respect to the capital of the offshore company, such as any change of basic information (including change of such PRC residents,
change of name and operation term of the SPV), increases or decreases in investment amount, transfers or exchanges of shares, or mergers
or divisions. Failure to comply with the registration requirements as set forth in SAFE Circular 37 and SAFE Circular 13, misrepresent
on or failure to disclose controllers of foreign-invested enterprises that are established by round-trip investment may result in bans
on the foreign exchange activities of the relevant onshore company, including the payment of dividends and other distributions to its
offshore parent or affiliates, and may also subject relevant PRC residents to penalties under the Foreign Exchange Administration Regulations
of the PRC. 

Regulations Related to Foreign Debt 

As an offshore holding company, we may make additional
capital contributions to PRC subsidiary subject to approval from the local department of commerce and the SAFE, with no limitation on
the amount of capital contributions. We may also make loans to our PRC subsidiary subject to the approval from SAFE or its local office
and the limitation on the amount of loans. 

By means of making loans, WFOE is subject to the
relevant PRC laws and regulation relating to foreign debts. On January 8, 2003, the State Development Planning Commission, SAFE, and Ministry
of Finance, or MOF, jointly promulgated the Circular on the Interim Provisions on the Management of Foreign Debts , or the
Foreign Debts Provisions, which became effective on March 1, 2003, and was was amended in July, 2022. Pursuant to Foreign Debts Provisions,
the total amount of foreign loans received by a foreign-invested company shall not exceed the difference between the total investment
in projects as approved by the MOFCOM or its local counterpart and the amount of registered capital of such foreign-invested company.
In addition, on January 12, 2017, the People s Bank of China, or PBOC, issued the Circular on Full-Coverage Macro-Prudent
Management of Cross-Border Financing , or the PBOC Circular 9, which sets out the statutory upper limit on the foreign debts for PRC
non-financial entities, including both foreign-invested companies and domestic-invested companies, and the macro-prudential adjustment
parameter is 1. Pursuant to the PBOC Circular 9, the foreign debt upper limit for both foreign-invested companies and domestic-invested
companies is calculated as twice the net asset of such companies. As to net assets, the companies shall take the net assets value stated
in their latest audited financial statement. On March 11, 2020, the PBOC and SAFE promulgated the Circular of the People s
Bank of China and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Adjusting the Macro-prudential Regulation Parameter for Full-covered
Cross-border Financing, which provides that based on the current macro economy and international balance of payments, the macro-prudential
regulation parameter as set forth in the PBOC Circular 9 is updated from 1 to 1.25. 

The PBOC Circular 9 does not supersede the Foreign
Debts Provisions. It provides a one-year transitional period from January 11, 2017, for foreign-invested companies, during which foreign-invested
companies, such as our PRC subsidiary, could adopt their calculation method of foreign debt upper limit based on either the Foreign Debts
Provisions or the PBOC Circular 9. The transitional period ended on January 11, 2018. Upon its expiry, pursuant to the PBOC Circular 9,
PBOC and SAFE shall reevaluate the calculation method for foreign-invested companies and determine what the applicable calculation method
would be. As of the date of this Annual Report, neither the PBOC nor SAFE has promulgated and made public any further rules, regulations,
notices, or circulars in this regard. 

31 

Regulations Related to Tax 

Enterprise Income
Tax 

On March 16, 2007, the SCNPC promulgated the EIT
Law , which was recently amended on December 29, 2018. On December 6, 2007, the State Council enacted the Regulations
for the Implementation of the Enterprise Income Tax Law , which was amended on April 23, 2019. Under the EIT Law and relevant implementation
regulations, both resident enterprises and non-resident enterprises are subject to the enterprise income tax so long as their income is
generated within the territory of PRC. Resident enterprises are defined as enterprises that are established in China in
accordance with PRC laws, or that are established in accordance with the laws of foreign countries but are actually or in effect controlled
from within the PRC. Non-resident enterprises are defined as enterprises that are organized under the laws of foreign countries
and whose actual management is conducted outside the PRC, but have established institutions or premises in the PRC, or have no such established
institutions or premises but have income generated from inside the PRC. Under the EIT Law and relevant implementing regulations, a uniform
corporate income tax rate of 25 is applied. If non-resident enterprises have not formed permanent establishments or premises in the PRC,
or if they have formed permanent establishment or premises in the PRC but there is no actual relationship between the relevant income
derived in the PRC and the established institutions or premises set up by them, however, enterprise income tax is set at the rate of 10 
with respect to their income sourced from inside the PRC. 

The EIT Law and its implementation rules permit
certain high and new technology enterprises strongly supported by the state that independently own core intellectual property
and meet statutory criteria, to enjoy a reduced 15 enterprise income tax rate. 

According to the Administrative Rules
for the Certification of High Tech Enterprises , effective on January 1, 2008 and amended on January 29, 2016 (effective as of January
1, 2016), for each entity accredited as High Tech Enterprise, such status is valid for three years if it meets the qualifications for
High Tech Enterprise on a continuing basis during such period. 

Value-Added Tax VAT 

The Provisional Regulations of the PRC
on Value-added Tax was promulgated by the State Council on December 13, 1993, and most recently amended on November 19, 2017.
The Detailed Rules for the Implementation of the Provisional Regulations of the PRC on Value-added Tax (Revised in 2011) were
promulgated by the MOF on December 25, 1993, and were recently amended on October 28, 2011 (collectively with the VAT Regulations, the
VAT Law). On April 4, 2018, MOF and SAT jointly promulgated the Circular on Adjustment of Value-Added Tax Rates, or MOF and SAT Circular
32. On March 20, 2019, MOF, SAT and General Administration of Customs, or GAC, jointly issued a Circular on Relevant Polices for
Deepening Value-added Tax Reform , or MOF, SAT and GAC Circular 39, which became effective from April 1, 2019. According to the abovementioned
laws and circulars, all enterprises and individuals engaged in the sale of goods, the provision of processing, repair and replacement
services, sales of services, intangible assets, real property and the importation of goods within the territory of the PRC are the taxpayers
of VAT. The VAT tax rates generally applicable are simplified as 13 , 9 , 6 and 0 , and the VAT tax rate applicable to the small-scale
taxpayers is 3 . 

Withholding Tax 

The Enterprise
Income Tax Law of the PRC provides that since January 1, 2008, an income tax rate of 10 will normally be applicable to dividends
declared to non-PRC resident investors which do not have an establishment or place of business in the PRC, or which have such establishment
or place of business but the relevant income is not effectively connected with the establishment or place of business, to the extent such
dividends are derived from sources within the PRC. 

32 

Pursuant to an Arrangement
Between the Chinese mainland and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of
Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Incomes , or the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement, and other applicable PRC laws, if a Hong
Kong resident enterprise is determined by the competent PRC tax authority to have satisfied the relevant conditions and requirements under
such Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement and other applicable laws, the 10 withholding tax on the dividends the Hong Kong resident enterprise
receives from a PRC resident enterprise may be reduced to 5 . Based on the Circular on Certain Issues with Respect to the Enforcement
of Dividend Provisions in Tax Treaties , or the SAT Circular 81, issued on February 20, 2009, by the SAT, however, if the relevant
PRC tax authorities determine, in their discretion, that a company benefits from such reduced income tax rate due to a structure or arrangement
that is primarily tax-driven, such PRC tax authorities may adjust the preferential tax treatment. According to the Circular on
Several Questions regarding the Beneficial Owner in Tax Treaties , which was issued on February 3, 2018, by the SAT and
took effect on April 1, 2018, when determining the applicant s status of the beneficial owner regarding tax treatments
in connection with dividends, interests or royalties in the tax treaties, several factors, including without limitation, whether the applicant
is obligated to pay more than 50 of his or her income in 12 months to residents in third country or region, whether the business operated
by the applicant constitutes the actual business activities, and whether the counterparty country or region to the tax treaties does not
levy any tax or grant tax exemption on relevant incomes or levy tax at an extremely low rate, will be taken into account, and it will
be analyzed according to the actual circumstances of the specific cases. This circular further provides that applicants who intend to
prove his or her status of the beneficial owner shall submit the relevant documents to the relevant tax bureau according
to the Announcement on Issuing the Measures for the Administration of Non-Resident Taxpayers Enjoyment of the Treatment
under Tax Agreements . 

Tax on Indirect
Transfer 

On February 3, 2015, the SAT issued the Circular
on Issues of Enterprise Income Tax on Indirect Transfers of Assets by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises , or SAT Circular 7, which was lastly
amended on December 29, 2017. Pursuant to SAT Circular 7, an indirect transfer of assets, including equity interests in
a PRC resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident enterprises, may be re-characterized and treated as a direct transfer of PRC taxable assets,
if such arrangement does not have a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the purpose of avoiding payment of PRC enterprise
income tax. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax. When determining whether
there is a reasonable commercial purpose of the transaction arrangement, features to be taken into consideration include,
inter alia, whether the main value of the equity interest of the relevant offshore enterprise derives directly or indirectly from PRC
taxable assets; whether the assets of the relevant offshore enterprise mainly consist of direct or indirect investment in China or if
its income is mainly derived from China; and whether the offshore enterprise and its subsidiaries directly or indirectly holding PRC taxable
assets have real commercial nature which is evidenced by their actual function and risk exposure. According to SAT Circular 7, where the
transferee fails to withhold any or sufficient tax, the transferor shall declare and pay such tax to the tax authority by itself within
the statutory time limit. Late payment of applicable tax will subject the transferor to default interest. SAT Circular 7 does not apply
to transactions of sale of shares by investors through a public stock exchange where such shares were acquired on a public stock exchange.
On October 17, 2017, the SAT issued the Circular on Issues of Tax Withholding regarding Non-PRC Resident Enterprise Income Tax ,
or SAT Circular 37, which further elaborates the relevant implemental rules regarding the calculation, reporting and payment obligations
of the withholding tax by the non-resident enterprises. Nonetheless, there remain uncertainties as to the interpretation and application
of SAT Circular 7. SAT Circular 7 may be determined by the tax authorities to be applicable to our offshore transactions or sale of our
shares or those of our offshore subsidiaries where non-resident enterprises, being the transferors, were involved. 

Regulations Related to Employment and Social
Welfare 

Employment 

The Labor Law of the PRC , which was
promulgated on July 5, 1994, effective since January 1, 1995, and most recently amended on December 29, 2018, the Labor Contract
Law of the PRC , which was promulgated on June 29, 2007, and amended on December 28, 2012, and the Implementation Regulations
of the Labor Contract Law of the PRC , which was promulgated on September 18, 2008, are the principal regulations that govern employment
and labor matters in the PRC. Under the above regulations, labor contracts shall be concluded in writing if labor relationships are to
be or have been established between employers and the employees. Employers are prohibited from forcing employees to work above certain
time limit and employers shall pay employees for overtime work in accordance to national regulations. In addition, wages may not be lower
than the local minimum wage. Employers must establish a system for labor safety and sanitation, strictly abide by state standards, and
provide relevant education to its employees. Employees are also required to work in safe and sanitary conditions. 

33 

Social Insurance
and Housing Fund 

Under the Social Insurance Law of the
PRC that was promulgated by the SCNPC on October 28, 2010, and came into force as of July 1, 2011, and was most recently amended
on December 29, 2018 (also the effective date), together with other laws and regulations, employers are required to pay basic pension
insurance, unemployment insurance, basic medical insurance, employment injury insurance, maternity insurance, and other social insurance
for its employees at specified percentages of the salaries of the employees, up to a maximum amount specified by the local government
regulations from time to time. When an employer fails to fully pay social insurance premiums, relevant social insurance collection agency
shall order it to make up for any shortfall within a prescribed time limit, and may impose a late payment fee at the rate of 0.05 per
day of the outstanding amount from the due date. If such employer still fails to make up for the shortfalls within the prescribed time
limit, the relevant administrative authorities shall impose a fine of one to three times the outstanding amount upon such employer. 

In accordance with the Regulations on
the Management of Housing Fund which was promulgated by the State Council in 1999 and most recently amended in March 2019 (which
became effective as of March 24, 2019), employers must register at the designated administrative centers and open bank accounts for
depositing employees housing funds. Employer and employee are also required to pay and deposit housing funds, with an amount no
less than 5 of the monthly average salary of the employee in the preceding year in full and on time. 

Our PRC subsidiary failed to deposit adequate
contributions to the housing funds for all of its employees, but has not received any notice of warning or been subject to penalties or
other disciplinary action from the relevant governmental authorities for non-compliance on labor-related laws and regulations. As a remediation,
our PRC subsidiary started to deposit the adequate contributions to the housing funds from July 2021 onwards. Before July 2021, our PRC
subsidiary failed to deposit adequate contributions of housing provident fund for all employees in accordance with Article 15 of the regulations
on the administration of housing provident fund. As of the date of this Annual Report, our PRC subsidiary did not receive any warning
and punishment notice from the authority. If any employee reports the non-compliance to the authority later, it will be handled in accordance
with Article 38 of the regulations on the administration of housing provident fund, which is that the housing provident fund management
center shall order our Chinese subsidiary to deposit or make up the payment within a time limit; and if our Chinese subsidiary fails to
pay or make up the payment within the time limit, the reporting employee may apply to the people s court for enforcement. 

Regulations Related to Mergers and Acquisitions
and Overseas Listings 

On August 8, 2006, six PRC governmental and regulatory
agencies, including MOFCOM and the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or the CSRC, promulgated the Rules on Acquisition of
Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors , or the M A Rules, governing the mergers and acquisitions of domestic enterprises by
foreign investors that became effective on September 8, 2006, and was amended on June 22, 2009. The M A Rules, among other things,
requires that offshore SPVs that are controlled by PRC companies or individuals and that have been formed for overseas listing purposes
through acquisitions of PRC domestic interest held by such PRC companies or individuals, to obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to publicly
listing their securities on an overseas stock exchange. 

Regulations Related
to Consultancy Business 

There are no separate
mandatory legal provisions on the consultancy business model in the PRC. Companies and individual businesses may engage is this business
as long as they have registered with the commerce departments in accordance with the laws, and include consultancy in the
business scope on their business license. 

34 

Intellectual Property 

As of December 31, 2023, our PRC subsidiary owns
the following trademarks registered or acquired in the PRC: 

No. 
 
 Name of trademarks in English 
 
 Name of trademarks in 
Original Language 
 
 Place of registration 
 
 1 
 
 FU 
 
 FU 
 
 PRC 
 
 2 
 
 Chui Da Xian 

PRC 
 
 3 
 
 Wu Shui 

PRC 
 
 4 
 
 Mei Fei Se Wu 

PRC 
 
 5 
 
 Zhi Yao Ai Shang Ni 

PRC 
 
 6 
 
 Jin dao bo 

PRC 
 
 7 
 
 Qin Ben Liang Li 

PRC 

Other than our above-mentioned
trademarks that we own in China, we do not currently hold any other intellectual property rights. While we use reasonable efforts to protect
our trade and business secrets, we cannot assure you that our employees, consultants, contractors or advisors will not, unintentionally
or willfully, disclose our trade secrets to competitors or other third parties. 

We have 7 trademarks registered in China, which
bring value to our business because we are engaged in promoting them to brand names for certain products. As a start-up marketing consulting
company, we have a strategy goal that we own certain brand names and trademarks which we can promote them in different industries and
products. For example, for the trademark Fu we intend to use it on certain medical and health sanitary industry,
such as masks; for the trademark Chui Da Xian we intend to use it on kitchen wares products; for the trademark Wu
Shui we intend to use it on water cups and tea cups products; for the trademark MeiFei Se Wu we
intend to use it on female sanitary products; for the trademark Zhi Yao Ai Shang Ni we intend to use it on jewelry
products; for the trademark Jin Dao Bo we intend to use it on Agriculture products, such as rice; for the trademark
 Qin Ben Liang Li we intend to use it on Cosmetics products. We plan to enhance licensing these trademarks to our
customers who intend to sell their products in these related industry, then we may not only provide our marketing consulting services
to our customers, but also create the profit sharing when we successfully promote our customer s products with our licensed brands. 

Property 

We lease 289.12 square
meter office space in China at Suite 907, Saigao City Plaza Building 2, No. 170, Weiyang Road Xi an, China. Our rent
for the office space in Xi an, China, is 55,861 per year, with a lease term of 3 years which terminates in July 2024. We believe
that our current offices are suitable and adequate to operate our business at this time. We do not own any real property. 

We believe that our facilities,
which are of varying ages and are of different construction types, have been satisfactorily maintained. They are in good conditions and
are suitable for our operations and generally provide sufficient capacity to meet our production and operational requirements. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2023,
we employed approximately 24 employees as follows, 4 in management, 8 in sales and customer services, 5 in finance department, and 7 in
administration. 

We maintain a satisfactory
working relationship with our employees, and we have not experienced any significant labor disputes or any difficulty in recruiting employees
for our operations. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. 

Our employees are all
in China and participate in the state pension plan organized by the Chinese municipal and provincial government. Our PRC subsidiary is
required by PRC laws to cover employees in China with various types of social insurance. We believe that we are in material compliance
with the relevant PRC laws. 

35 

Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we
may become party to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. The Company
is not currently a party, as plaintiff or defendant, to any legal proceedings that we believe to be material or which, individually or
in the aggregate, would be expected to have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation if determined
adversely to us. 

Smaller Reporting
Company 

The Company is a smaller
reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. There are certain exemptions available to us as a smaller reporting
company, including: (1) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley
Act; (2) scaled executive compensation disclosures; and (3) the requirement to provide only two years of audited financial statements,
instead of three years. As long as we maintain our status as a smaller reporting company , these exemptions will continue
to be available to us. 

Emerging Growth Company 

As a public company with
less than 1.235 billion in revenue during our last fiscal year, we qualify as an emerging growth company under the
Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). An emerging growth company may take advantage of certain reduced
reporting requirements and is relieved of certain other significant requirements that are otherwise generally applicable to public companies,
and can avail itself to various exemptions such as an exemption from Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Section 14(a)
and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

In particular, as an
emerging growth company, the Company: 

is not required to obtain an attestation and report from its auditors on our management s assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

is not required to provide a detailed narrative disclosure discussing its compensation principles, objectives and elements and analyzing how those elements fit with our principles and objectives (commonly referred to as compensation discussion and analysis 

is not required to obtain a non-binding advisory vote from its stockholders on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements (commonly referred to as the say-on-pay, say-on-frequency and say-on-golden-parachute votes); 

is exempt from certain executive compensation disclosure provisions requiring a pay-for-performance graph and CEO pay ratio disclosure; 

may present only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management s Discussion Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A and 

is eligible to claim longer phase-in periods for the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards under 107 of the JOBS Act. 

The Company intends to
take advantage of all of these reduced reporting requirements and exemptions, including the longer phase-in periods for the adoption of
new or revised financial accounting standards under 107 of the JOBS Act. The Company s election to use the phase-in periods
may make it difficult to compare its financial statements to those of non-emerging growth companies and other emerging growth companies
that have opted out of the phase-in periods under 107 of the JOBS Act. 

Certain of these reduced
reporting requirements and exemptions were already available to the Company due to the fact that it also qualifies as a smaller
reporting company under SEC rules. For instance, smaller reporting companies are not required to obtain an auditor attestation
and report regarding management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting; are not required to provide a compensation
discussion and analysis; are not required to provide a pay-for-performance graph or Chief Executive Officer pay ratio disclosure; and
may present only two years of audited financial statements and related MD A disclosure. 

36 

Under the JOBS Act, the Company may take advantage
of the above-described reduced reporting requirements and exemptions for up to five years after our initial sale of common equity pursuant
to a registration statement declared effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or such
earlier time that we no longer meet the definition of an emerging growth company. In this regard, the JOBS Act provides that the Company
would cease to be an emerging growth company if it has more than 1.235 billion in annual revenues, have more than
 700 million in market value of its Common stock held by non-affiliates, or issue more than 1.0 billion in principal amount of non-convertible
debt over a three-year period. The Company would cease to be an emerging growth company on the last day of the fiscal year following the
date of the fifth anniversary of its first sale of common equity securities under an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act or a fiscal year in which we have 1 billion in gross revenues. Further, under current SEC rules the Company will continue to qualify
as a smaller reporting company for so long as it has a public float (i.e., the market value of common equity held by non-affiliates)
of less than 250 million as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

An investment in the Company s common
stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other
information included in this report, before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occur, our
business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer. In that case, the trading price of the Company s
common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. You should read the section entitled Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements above for a discussion of what types of statements are forward-looking statements, as
well as the significance of such statements in the context of this report. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 

We have a limited operating history and
are subject to the risks encountered by development-stage companies. 

We, through our operating PRC subsidiary in China,
have been in business since October 2019 as a consulting company, which mainly focuses on includes digital marketing consulting and KOL
Training Related Services. We have only been profitable since the year ended December 31, 2019. As a development-stage company, our business
strategies and model are constantly being tested by the market and operating results, and we work to adjust our allocation of resources
accordingly. As such, our business may be subject to significant fluctuations in operating results in terms of amounts of revenues and
the percentages of the total revenue with respect to the business segments. 

We are, and expect for the foreseeable future
to be, subject to all the risks and uncertainties, inherent in a development-stage business. As a result, we must establish many functions
necessary to operate a business, including expanding our managerial and administrative structure, assessing and implementing our marketing
program, implementing financial systems and controls and personnel recruitment. There are risks in light of the costs, uncertainties,
delays and difficulties frequently encountered by companies with a limited operating history. These risks and challenges are, among other
things: 

we operate in industries that are or may in the future be subject to increasing regulation by various governmental agencies in China; 

we may not be able to resume our KOL Training Related Services; 

we may require additional capital to develop and expand our operations which may not be available to us when we require it; 

our marketing and growth strategy may not be successful; 

our business may be subject to significant fluctuations in operating results; and 

we may not be able to attract, retain and motivate qualified professionals. 

37 

Our future growth will depend substantially on
our ability to address these and the other risks described in this Annual Report. If we do not successfully address these risks, our business
would be significantly harmed. 

Our historical financial results may not
be indicative of our future performance. 

Our business achieved rapid growth in 2023 primarily
driven by the expansion of our consultation services in the live streaming industry. This growth was specifically attributed to our collaboration
with a client engaged in the live streaming business. Our revenue was 6,238,926 and 3,507,590 for the years ended December 31, 2023
and 2022, respectively. Our net income was 2,282,359 and 404,618 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. However,
our historical growth rate and the limited history of operation make it difficult to evaluate our future prospects. We may not be able
to sustain our historically growth or may not be able to grow our business at all. 

If we cannot manage our growth effectively
and efficiently, our results of operations or profitability could be adversely affected. 

We have been in business since October 2019 as
a consulting company. Our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 6,238,926 compared to 3,507,590 for the year ended December
31, 2022, representing an increase of 2,731,336 or 77.9 as compared with the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by the expansion
of our consultation services in the live streaming industry. This growth was specifically attributed to our collaboration with a client
engaged in the live streaming business. Our planned expansion will place significant demands on us to maintain the quality of our consulting
services to ensure that our brand does not suffer as a result of any deviations, whether actual or perceived, in the quality of our services.
In order to manage and support our growth, we must continue to improve our existing operational and administrative systems and our quality
control, and recruit, train and retain additional qualified professionals as well as other administrative and sales and marketing personnel.
We may not be able to effectively and efficiently manage the growth of our operations, recruit and retain qualified personnel and integrate
new expansion into our operations. As a result, our quality of service may deteriorate and our results of operations or profitability
could be adversely affected. 

We may not be successful in implementing
important new strategic initiatives, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 

There is no assurance that we will be able to
implement important strategic initiatives in accordance with our expectations, which may result in an adverse impact on our business and
financial results. Our KOL training program has been suspended since March 22, 2022, and we have been unable to provide such training
for our trainees to become KOLs. 

Our management may lack required experience, knowledge,
insight, or human and capital resources to carry out the effective implementation to expand into new spaces outside of our current focuses.
As such, we may not be able to realize our expected growth, and our business and financial results will be adversely impacted. 

Increasing competition within our industries
could have an impact on our business prospects. 

The digital marketing consulting business and
KOL training academy business are industries where new competitors can easily enter into since there are no significant barriers to entry.
Our operating subsidiaries also face many competitors in the marketing consulting industry where a number of competitors have been in
business longer than us. Competing companies may have significantly greater financial and other resources than we have and may offer services
that are more attractive to prospective clients; increased competition would have a negative impact on both our revenues and our profit
margins. 

Our PRC subsidiary
may be required to obtain and maintain additional approvals, licenses or permits applicable to our business, which could have a material
adverse impact on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 

Our business is subject
to governmental supervision and regulation by the relevant PRC governmental authorities, including the Ministry of Commerce, or MOFCOM,
and other governmental authorities in charge of the relevant categories of services offered by us. 

38 

The laws and regulations
and government policy changes rapidly on digital training. For our digital training related services, we worked with Beida Jade Bird
Vocational Education Jade Bird which was an authorized licensee of China National Personal Talent Training Network CNPTTN ),
a PRC regulatory agency for the talent training. Jade Bird was in charge of its training courses, and the Company was authorised by Jade
Bird as its sole training related administrator of the training courses, limited to coordinate the digital training related services
to individual clients who were interested in conducting live-broadcasting business through social medias. The Company provided training
related services, to these individual clients who subscribed courses, in arranging the examination, following up certificate issuance
processes, addressing clients concerns, etc. On March 22, 2022, the PRC subsidiary learned that Jade Bird suspended its service
after receiving a notice from CNPTTN that until further notice CNPTTN has suspended all recruitment services using its CNPTTN s
name. As a result of CNPTTN s suspension, the PRC subsidiary has also suspended its digital training related services with Jade
Bird from March 22, 2022. As it is highly unlikely that such digital training services by the Company will be resumed in the foreseeable
future, the Company has refunded all advance payments made by clients who were unable to receive such training-related services. In the
future, laws and regulations and the CNPTTN may require our PRC Subsidiary to meet additional requirements or obtain additional approvals,
licenses or permits to conduct KOL training related business. If our PRC Subsidiary is unable to meet the relevant requirements or obtain
the relevant approvals, licenses or permits, our PRC Subsidiary may not be able to continue to conduct the KOL training related business.
As of the date of this Annual Report, there is no further notice from CNPTTN and the service is still being suspended. 

If our operating subsidiaries fail to hire,
train or retain qualified managerial and other employees, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

We place substantial reliance on the digital marketing
consulting service industry experience and knowledge of our senior management team as well as their relationships with other industry
participants. The loss of the services of one or more members of our senior management could hinder our ability to effectively manage
our business and implement our growth strategies. Finding suitable replacements for our current senior management could be difficult,
and competition for such personnel of similar experience is intense. If we fail to retain our senior management, our business and results
of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our personnel are critical to maintaining the
quality and consistency of our services, brand and reputation. It is important for us to attract qualified managerial and other employees
who have experience in consulting services and are committed to our service approach. There may be a limited supply of such qualified
individuals. We must hire and train qualified managerial and other employees on a timely basis to keep pace with our rapid growth while
maintaining consistent quality of services across our operations. We must also provide continuous training to our managerial and other
employees so that they are equipped with up-to-date knowledge of various aspects of our operations and can meet our demand for high-quality
services. If we fail to do so, the quality of our services may decrease, which in turn, may cause a negative perception of our brand and
adversely affect our business. 

Risks associated with doing business in
China 

The recent state government supervision
onbusiness activities on U.S. listed Chinese companies may negatively impact our existing and future operations in China. The PRC government
may exert more supervision over our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and significantly and adversely
impact the value of the Company s common stock, including potentially causing the value of the Company s common stock to decline
or be worthless. 

The PRC government has significant oversight and
discretion over the conduct of our business as the government deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal goals. To
the extent that the cash and assets in our business are in our PRC subsidiary and/or Hong Kong subsidiary, the funds or assets may not
be available to fund operations or for other use outside of the PRC and/or Hong Kong due to the imposition of restrictions and limitations
on the ability of us or our subsidiaries by the PRC government to transfer cash or assets. Any such influence on our business operations
or action to exert more oversight and supervision over the cash or assets of our subsidiaries could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations and the value of our stock, or significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue
to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or in extreme cases, become worthless. 

39 

The PRC government has recently published new
policies that significantly affected certain industries such as the education and internet industries, and we cannot rule out the possibility
that it will in the future release regulations or policies regarding the marketing consulting industry that could require us to seek permission
from Chinese authorities to continue to operate our business, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Furthermore, recent statements made by the PRC government have sought to increase the government s oversight and
supervision over offerings of companies with significant operations in China that are to be conducted in foreign markets, as well as foreign investment
in China-based issuers like us. Any such action, if taken by the PRC government, could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability
to offer or continue to offer common stocks to our investors and could cause the value of the Company s common stock to significantly
decline or become worthless. 

Recently, the PRC government announced that it
would step up supervision of Chinese companies listed offshore. Under the new measures, China will improve regulation of cross-border
data flows and security, crack down on illegal activity in the securities market and punish fraudulent securities issuance, market manipulation
and insider trading, China will also check sources of funding for securities investment and control leverage ratios. The Cyberspace Administration
of China CAC has also opened a cybersecurity probe into several U.S.-listed tech giants focusing on anti-monopoly, financial
technology regulation and more recently, with the passage of the Data Security Law, how companies collect, store, process and transfer
data. 

Though the Company is a Nevada corporation, we
through our PRC subsidiary, are headquartered and have operations in China. We currently do not, and we do not plan to use variable interest
entities to execute our business plan or to conduct our China-based operations. However, because our operations are in China and our major
shareholders are located in China, there is a risk that the PRC government may exert certain supervision over operations of companies
with operations in China, including its ability to offer securities to investors, list its securities on a U.S. or other foreign exchange,
conduct its business or accept foreign investment. In light of China s recent announcements, there are risks and uncertainties which
we cannot foresee for the time being, and rules and regulations can change from time to time. The PRC government may exert more supervision
over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in issuers likes ourselves. 

If any or all of the foregoing were to occur,
this could lead to a material change in the Company s operations and/or the value of its common stock and/or significantly limit
or completely hinder its ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly
decline or be worthless. 

On February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated the
 Overseas Listing Trial Measures and five supporting guidelines, which became effective on
March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures , PRC domestic companies that
directly or indirectly offer or list their securities in an overseas market, which include (i) any PRC company limited by shares, and
(ii) any offshore company that conducts its business operations primarily in China and contemplates to offer or list its securities in
an overseas market based on its onshore equities, assets or similar interests, are required to file with the CSRC within three business
days after its application for overseas listing is submitted. Furthermore, if any PRC company that
has directly or indirectly listed securities in overseas markets conducts follow-on offering of securities in such overseas markets, it
shall fulfill the filing procedures with and report relevant information to the CSRC, too. Failure to complete the filing under
the Overseas Listing Trial Measures may subject us to rectification ordered by the CSRC,
warning, and fine of RMB1 million to RMB10 million. In addition, we shall report to the CSRC upon occurrence of certain material events,
including change of control, investigations or sanctions imposed by overseas securities regulatory authorities, change of listing status
or transfer of listing segment, and voluntary or mandatory delisting. 

The Overseas
Listing Trial Measures may subject us to additional compliance requirements in the future, and we cannot assure you that we will
be able to get the clearance of filing procedures under the Overseas Listing Trial Measures 
on a timely basis, or at all. Any failure of us to fully comply with new regulatory requirements may significantly limit or completely
hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer the Company s common stock, cause significant disruption to our business operations,
and severely damage our reputation, which would materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and
cause the Company s common stock to significantly decline in value or become worthless. 

40 

The interpretation and enforcement of PRC
laws, rules and regulations may change from time to time, which could have a material adverse effect on us due to unexpected changes to
laws, rules and regulations applicable to us. 

Our PRC subsidiary is incorporated under and governed
by the laws of the PRC. The PRC legal system is based on written statutes. Prior court decisions may be cited for reference, but have
limited precedential value. In 1979, the PRC government began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws and regulations governing economic
matters in general, such as foreign investment, corporate organization and governance, commerce, taxation and trade. As a significant
part of our business is conducted in China, our operations are principally governed by PRC laws and regulations. However, since the PRC
legal system continues to evolve rapidly, the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules are subject to change from time to time.
Uncertainties due to evolving laws and regulations could also impede the ability of a China-based company, such as our company, to obtain
or maintain permits or licenses required to conduct business in China. In the absence of required permits or licenses, governmental authorities
could impose material sanctions or penalties on us. From time to time, we may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to
interpret and/or enforce our legal rights. However, since PRC administrative and court authorities have a certain discretion within their
scope of authority in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative
and court proceedings, and the level of legal protection we enjoy. Such uncertainties, including uncertainty over the scope and effect
of our contractual, property (including intellectual property) and procedural rights, could materially and adversely affect our business
and impede our ability to continue our operations. 

Furthermore, if China adopts more stringent standards
with respect to environmental protection or corporate social responsibilities, we may incur increased compliance costs or become subject
to additional restrictions in our operations. In addition, we cannot predict the effects of future developments in the PRC legal system
on our business operations, including the promulgation of new laws, or changes to existing laws or the interpretation or enforcement thereof.
These uncertainties could limit the legal protections available to us and our investors, including you. Moreover, any litigation in China
may be relatively long in duration and result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources and management attention. 

The PRC government has significant oversight and
discretion over the conduct of our business as the government deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal goals. The
PRC government has recently published new policies that significantly affected certain industries such as the education and internet
industries, and we cannot rule out the possibility that it will in the future release regulations or policies regarding our industry that
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the PRC government has recently sought
to exert more oversight and supervision over securities offerings and other capital markets activities that are conducted overseas and
foreign investment in China-based companies like us. Any such influence on our business operations or action to exert more oversight and
supervision over securities offerings and other capital markets activities could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations and the value of our Stocks, or significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer
securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or in extreme cases, become worthless. 

The PRC legal system is evolving, and the resulting uncertainties
could adversely affect us. 

We conduct our business primarily through our
subsidiaries in China. Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and regulations. The PRC legal system is a civil law system based
on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. 

As the legislation in China and the PRC legal
system has continued to evolve rapidly over the past decades and the PRC government has made significant progress in promulgating laws
and regulations related to economic affairs and matters, for example, such laws and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections
afforded to various forms of foreign investments in China. However, many of these laws and regulations are relatively new and there is
a limited volume of published decisions and enactments. In particular, there exist certain uncertainties surrounding the evolvement, interpretation
and enforcement of regulatory requirements of cybersecurity, data security, privacy protection as well as anti-monopoly, and we may need
to take certain corresponding measures to maintain our regulatory compliance, such as adjusting the relevant business or transactions
and introducing compliance experts and talents, which may incur additional related costs and adverse impact on our business. As a result,
the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules are subject to change from time to time. Therefore, there are uncertainties involved
in their implementation and interpretation, and it may be difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and
the level of legal protection available to you and us. Such uncertainties, including uncertainty over the scope and effect of our contractual,
property (including intellectual property) and procedural rights, and any failure to respond to changes in the regulatory environment
in China could materially and adversely affect our business and impede our ability to continue our operations. 

41 

A severe or prolonged downturn in the global
or Chinese economy could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition. 

Although the Chinese economy has grown steadily
in the past decade, there is considerable uncertainty over the long-term effects of the expansionary monetary and fiscal policies adopted
by the People s Bank of China and financial authorities of some of the world s leading economies, including the United States
and China. There have been concerns over unrest and terrorist threats in the Middle East, Europe and Africa, which have resulted in volatility
in oil and other markets. There have also been concerns on the relationship among China and other Asian countries, which may result in
or intensify potential conflicts in relation to territorial disputes. Economic conditions in China are sensitive to global economic conditions,
as well as changes in domestic economic and political policies and the expected or perceived overall economic growth rate in China. Any
severe or prolonged slowdown in the global or Chinese economy may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

We face risks related
to health concerns arising from outbreaks of viruses or other illnesses, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Our business could be
materially and adversely affected by the outbreak of a widespread health epidemic, such as COVID-19. Our business operations depend on
China s overall economy and demand for our services, which could be disrupted by health epidemics. However, there remains much uncertainty
as to what impact could be and what extent the impact could have on our long-term business outlook as outbreaks of viruses or other illnesses
could significantly decrease the demand for our services, which could lead to more disruptions to our operations and adversely affect
our financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes in the policies of the PRC government
could have a significant impact upon our ability to operate profitably in the PRC. 

Currently, substantially all of our businesses
are conducted in the PRC. Accordingly, economic, political and legal developments in the PRC will continue to significantly affect our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Policies of the PRC government can have significant effects on economic
conditions in the PRC and the ability of businesses to operate profitably. Our ability to operate profitably in the PRC may be adversely
affected by changes in policies by the PRC government, including changes in laws, regulations or their interpretation that may affect
our ability to operate as currently contemplated. 

Because our business is dependent upon government
policies that encourage a market-based economy, change in the political or economic climate in the PRC may impair our ability to operate
profitably, if at all. 

The PRC government has been pursuing a number
of economic reform policies for more than two decades, and the PRC economy has experienced significant growth in recent decades. Because
of the nature of our business, our PRC subsidiary is dependent upon the PRC government pursuing policies that encourage private ownership
of businesses. We cannot assure you that the existing policies will not be significantly altered, especially in the event of social or
political disruption, or other circumstances affecting political, economic and social life in the PRC. 

42 

Changes in China s economic, political
or social conditions or government policies may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 

Substantially all of our assets and operations
are located in China. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects have been and will be influenced
to a significant degree by political, economic and social conditions in China generally. The Chinese economy differs from the economies
of most developed countries in many respects, including the level of government involvement, level of development, growth rate, administration
of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. Although the PRC government has implemented measures emphasizing the utilization of market
forces for economic reform, the reduction of state ownership of productive assets, and the establishment of improved corporate governance
in business enterprises, a substantial portion of productive assets in China is still owned by the government. In addition, the PRC government
continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing industrial policies. The PRC government also exercises
significant administration over China s economic growth through allocating resources, administrating payment of foreign currency-denominated
obligations, setting monetary policy and providing differentiated treatment to particular industries or companies. 

While the Chinese economy has experienced significant
growth over past three decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. Any adverse changes
in economic conditions in China, in the policies of the PRC government or in the laws and regulations in China could have a material adverse
effect on the overall economic growth of China. Such developments could adversely affect our business and operating results, lead to a
reduction in demand for our products and adversely affect our competitive position. The PRC government has implemented various measures
to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures may benefit the overall Chinese economy, but
may have a negative effect on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by governmental
administration over capital investments or changes in tax regulations. In addition, in the past the PRC government has implemented certain
measures, including interest rate adjustment, to control the pace of economic growth. These measures may cause decreased economic activity
in China, which may adversely affect our business and operating results. 

The PRC legal system is a civil law system
based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions under the civil law system may be cited for reference but
have limited precedential value. Therefore our susceptibility to such laws is unknown. 

In 1979, the PRC government began to promulgate
a comprehensive system of laws, rules and regulations governing economic matters in general. The overall effect of legislation over the
past three decades has significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investment in China. However, recently
enacted laws, rules and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects of economic activities in China or may be subject to certain
degrees of interpretation by PRC regulatory agencies. In particular, because these laws, rules and regulations are relatively new, and
because of the limited number of published decisions and the nonbinding nature of such decisions, and because the laws, rules and regulations
often give the relevant regulator certain discretion in how to enforce them, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws, rules and
regulations involve uncertainties and may change from time to time. 

Any administrative and court proceedings in China
may be relatively long in duration, resulting in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. Since PRC administrative
and court authorities have certain discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult
to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy. These uncertainties may impede
our ability to enforce the contracts we have entered and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

PRC laws prohibits or restricts companies
belonging to foreign countries from operating some certain businesses. 

According to PRC laws, some businesses are not
allowed to be operated by the companies whose ownership is not a Chinese company. We are a US company registered in Nevada. Each company
in our organization chart is a subsidiary. The legality and effectiveness of this control method are accorded with PRC laws and regulations.
On October 26, 2022, China s National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) and the Ministry of Commerce (MOFCOM) issued the
2022 edition of the Catalogue of Encouraged Industries for Foreign Investment FI encouraged catalogue ). According to the
FI encouraged catalogue, Article 8, Section 449, foreign investment on the business of consulting services is encouraged. However, we
are uncertain that the laws will remain to allow foreign owned Chinese companies to engage in consultancy services business. 

43 

The
PRC government has the ability to exert substantial supervision over any offering or listing of securities conducted overseas and/or foreign
investment in China-based issuers, and, as a result, may limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities
to investors, and may cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

The PRC government recently initiated a series
of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations in China, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities
market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using the variable interest entity structure, adopting new measures
to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. For example, in July 2021, the relevant
PRC government authorities made public the Opinions on Severely Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities According to Law, which
emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings by China-based
companies and proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems to deal with the
risks and incidents faced by China-based overseas listed companies. 

On February 17, 2023, the CSRC released the Overseas
Listing Trial Measures and five relevant guidelines which took effect from March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures,
we are required to file with the CSRC within three business days upon completion of any subsequent securities offering in the overseas
markets where our securities are currently listed on. Furthermore, if we intend to offer or list our securities in other overseas markets,
we need to file with CSRC within three business days of submitting the application documents for the offering or listing. Failure to perform
our filing obligations may result in penalties imposed on the PRC Company and responsible officers. In addition, we shall report to the
CSRC upon occurrence of certain material events, including change of control, investigations or sanctions imposed by overseas securities
regulatory authorities, change of listing status or transfer of listing segment, and voluntary or mandatory delisting. 

On February 24, 2023, the CSRC and other PRC governmental
authorities jointly issued the revised Provisions on Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives Administration of Overseas Securities
Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (the Revised Confidentiality Provisions ), which came into effect on March 31,
2023. According to the Revised Confidentiality Provisions, Chinese companies that directly or indirectly conduct overseas offerings and
listings, shall strictly abide by the laws and regulations on confidentiality when providing or publicly disclosing, either directly or
through their overseas listed entities, materials to securities services providers. In the event such materials contain state secrets
or working secrets of government agencies, the Chinese companies shall first obtain approval from authorities, and file with the secrecy
administrative department at the same level with the approving authority; in the event that such materials, if divulged, will jeopardize
national security or public interest, the Chinese companies shall comply with procedures stipulated by national regulations. The Chinese
companies shall also provide a written statement of the specific sensitive information provided when providing materials to securities
service providers, and such written statements shall be retained for inspection. However, the interpretation and implementation of the
Revised Confidentiality Provisions remain substantially uncertain. 

On November 14, 2021,
the CAC released the Draft Regulation, which requires, among other things, that a prior cybersecurity review be conducted by the Cybersecurity
Review Office before listing overseas for data processors which process over one million users personal information, and for the
listing in Hong Kong of data processors which affect or may affect national security. Furthermore, on December 28, 2021, the National
Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the PRC, and several other administrations jointly
published the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures, which became effective on February 15, 2022 and require, among other things, that
a network platform operator holding over one million users personal information must apply with the Cybersecurity Review Office
for a cybersecurity review before any public offering or listing outside of Chinese mainland and Hong Kong. 

Since the Draft Regulation
is in the process of being formulated, it remains unclear whether and how these draft rules will ultimately be adopted, interpreted and
implemented. Also, it remains unclear how the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures will be interpreted and implemented. Therefore, it
remains uncertain whether we will be required to obtain regulatory approvals from the CAC or any other PRC governmental authorities for
offerings outside of Chinese mainland. 

If the CSRC, CAC or other
PRC governmental authorities later promulgate new rules or interpretations requiring that we obtain their prior approvals or finish other
procedures for future offerings or listings outside of Chinese mainland or for foreign investments in our securities, we may be unable
to obtain such approvals or finish such procedures in a timely manner, or at all. Any such circumstance could significantly or completely
limit our ability to raise capital through securities offerings, hinder our ability to execute strategic plans in a timely manner or at
all, and could cause the value of our securities to significantly decline. 

44 

We may be subject to liability for placing
advertisements with content that is deemed inappropriate or misleading under PRC laws. 

According to PRC laws, if any advertisement issued
by our PRC subsidiary infringes the rights and interests of a third party, our PRC subsidiary shall bear the liability for compensation,
which may cause us financial loss. 

Our PRC subsidiary may be liable for improper
collection, use or appropriation of personal information provided by our customers and employees. 

Though our business involves only digital marketing
consulting, not an internet platform, but we may still have the opportunity in collecting and retaining large volumes of internal and
customer data, including personal information as our various information technology systems enter, process, summarize and report such
data. We also maintain information about various aspects of our operations as well as regarding our employees. The integrity and protection
of our customer, employee and company data is critical to our business. Our customers and employees expect that we will adequately protect
their personal information. Our PRC subsidiary is required by applicable laws to keep strictly confidential the personal information that
we collect, and to take adequate security measures to safeguard such information. Unauthorized access to, or improper use, disclosure,
theft or destruction of, our customer or employee personal, financial or other data or our proprietary or confidential information that
is stored in our information systems or by third parties on our behalf could result in substantial costs, expose us to litigation and
damage our reputation. 

In addition, the use and handling of this information
is regulated by evolving and increasingly demanding laws and regulations. The PRC government has focused increasingly on regulation in
the areas of information security and protection, including by implementing the PRC Cybersecurity Law effective June 1, 2017, which imposes
tightened requirements on data privacy and cybersecurity practices. The application of the cybersecurity law in certain circumstances
may change from time to time. In addition, the PRC Data Security Law, which took effect on September 1, 2021, imposes data security and
privacy obligations on entities and individuals carrying out data activities (including activities outside of the PRC), requires a national
security review of data activities that may affect national security, and imposes restrictions on data transmissions. Furthermore, the
PRC Personal Information Protection Law, which took effect on November 1, 2021, sets out the regulatory framework for handling and protection
of personal information and transmission of personal information. The Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures, which took effect on February
15, 2022, require critical information infrastructure operators procuring network products and services and online platform operators
carrying out data processing activities, which affect or may affect national security, to conduct a cybersecurity review pursuant to the
provisions therein. The Measures for Security Assessment for Outbound Data Transfer, which took effect on September 1, 2022, mandate mandatory
government security review by the CAC in advance of certain cross-border data transfer activities. 

We attach great importance to data security, cyber
security and personal information protection, and the evolvement of applicable PRC laws and regulations therewith, and we are in compliance
with laws and regulations with respect to data security, cyber security and personal information protection in all material aspects. As
of the date of this Annual Report, our PRC subsidiary, the main operating entity of ours, has implemented comprehensive internal policies
and measures on protection of cyber security, data privacy and personal information to make sure its compliance with relevant PRC laws
and regulations. The main internal policies and measures are as follows: (i) for customer data processing, our PRC subsidiary deploys
the access control mechanism on the server side, adopts the principle of minimum authorization for the staff who may contact end users 
personal data; (ii) our PRC subsidiary s operating systems and database systems have password complexity requirements; (iii) our
PRC subsidiary has established Information Security Committee and appoints the CEO, Mr. Tao Guolin to be the head of the committee;
(iv) our PRC subsidiary has formulated a cybersecurity contingency plan and will conduct training and safety drills every year
in preparation for any emergency cybersecurity incidents; (v) our PRC subsidiary has established data privacy policies to ensure
that its collection of data is conducted in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and that the collection is for legitimate
purposes as set out in its agreements. 

45 

As of the date of this Annual Report, we are in
compliance with PRC laws and regulations with respect to data security in all material aspects, (i) we have implemented comprehensive
internal policies and measures on protection of cyber security, data privacy and personal information as listed above; (ii) there had
been no material incident of data or personal information leakage, infringement of data protection and privacy laws and regulations or
investigation or other legal proceeding, pending or threatened against us initiated by competent government authorities or third parties,
that will materially and adversely affect our business; (iii) we have not received any investigation, notice, warning, penalty or sanction
from applicable government authorities (including the CAC) with regard to our business operations concerning any issues related to cybersecurity
and data security; (iv) we have not been involved in any suits, judicial review, enquiry, or other legal proceedings initiated by applicable
governmental authorities in relation to any violation of applicable regulations or policies that have been issued by the CAC; (v) our
PRC subsidiary s business operations do not involve any Critical Information Infrastructure, and neither we nor the PRC subsidiary
has received any notification from applicable PRC governmental authorities indicating that any of the PRC subsidiary s products
or services is determined as the Critical Information Infrastructure. 

Compliance with these laws, as well as additional
regulations and standards regarding data privacy, data collection and information security that PRC regulatory bodies may enact in the
future, may result in additional expenses to us as we may be required to upgrade our current information technology systems. Furthermore,
as a result of legislative and regulatory rules, we may be required to notify the owners of information of any breach, theft or loss of
their information, which could harm our reputation, as well as subject us to litigation or actions by regulatory bodies and adversely
affect our financial results. 

In addition, while we take various measures to
comply with all applicable data privacy and protection laws and regulations, there is no guarantee that our current security measures
and those of our third-party service providers may always be adequate for the protection of our customer, employee or company data; and
like all companies, we have experienced data incidents from time to time. In addition, given the size of our customer base and the types
and volume of personal data on our system, we may be a particularly attractive target for computer hackers, foreign governments or cyber
terrorists. Unauthorized access to our proprietary internal and customer data may be obtained through break-ins, sabotage, breach of our
secure network by an unauthorized party, computer viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks, employee theft or misuse, breach of the
security of the networks of our third-party service providers, or other misconduct. Because the techniques used by computer programmers
who may attempt to penetrate and sabotage our proprietary internal and customer data change frequently and may not be recognized until
launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques. Unauthorized access to our proprietary internal and customer
data may also be obtained through inadequate use of security controls. Any of such incidents may harm our reputation and adversely affect
our business and results of operations. In addition, we may be subject to negative publicity about our security and privacy policies,
systems, or measurements from time to time. 

Any failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches,
cyber-attacks or other unauthorized access to our systems or disclosure of our customers data, including their personal information,
could result in loss or misuse of such data, interruptions to our service system, diminished customer experience, loss of customer confidence
and trust, impairment of our technology infrastructure, and harm our reputation and business, resulting in significant legal and financial
exposure and potential lawsuits and could cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. In addition, any
violation of the provisions and requirements under relevant laws and regulations with respect to cyber security, data security and personal
information protection may subject us to rectifications, warnings, fines, confiscation of illegal gains, suspension of the related business,
revocation of licenses, cancellation of qualifications being entered into the relevant credit record or even criminal liabilities. 

If in the future, the PRC regulators require us
or our PRC subsidiary to apply for a cybersecurity review, we cannot assure you that we are able to pass such review. Any failure or delay
in the completion of the cybersecurity review procedures or any other non-compliance with the related laws and regulations may result
in fines or other penalties, including suspension our business, website closure, removal of our app from the relevant app stores, and
revocation of prerequisite licenses, as well as reputational damage or legal proceedings or actions against us, which may have material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline
or be worthless. 

As for the Draft Regulation issued by CAC recently,
since the Draft Regulation is in the process of being formulated, it remains unclear whether and how these draft rules will ultimately
be adopted, interpreted and implemented. We will continue to pay close attention to the legislative and regulatory developments in data
security and comply with the latest regulatory requirements. 

46 

Uncertainties exist with respect to the
enactment timetable, interpretation and implementation of the laws and regulations with respect to online platform business operation. 

Our business is digital marketing consultation,
not an online platform. But since our PRC subsidiary assists our customers to applying customers apps to other app platform, we
may be subject to various internet-related laws and regulations. These internet-related laws and regulations are relatively new and evolving,
and their enactment timetable, interpretation and implementation involve significant uncertainties. 

For example, On February 7, 2021, the State Administration
for Market Regulation, or the SAMR, promulgated Guidelines to Anti-Monopoly in the Field of Platform Economy, or the Anti-Monopoly Guidelines
for Platform Economy. The Anti-Monopoly Guidelines for Platform Economy provides operational standards and guidelines for identifying
certain internet platforms abuse of market dominant position which are prohibited to restrict unfair competition and safeguard
users interests, including without limitation, prohibiting personalized pricing using big data and analytics, selling products
below cost without reasonable causes, actions or arrangements seen as exclusivity arrangements, using technology means to block competitors 
interface, using bundle services to sell services or products. In addition, internet platforms compulsory collection of user data
may be viewed as abuse of dominant market position that may have the effect to eliminate or restrict competition. As of the date of this
Annual Report, neither we nor our PRC subsidiary have been subject to any anti-monopoly investigation, penalty of litigation initiated
by government authorities or third parties. Furthermore, we will continue to attach attention to the updates of applicable PRC laws and
regulations in relation to antimonopoly. 

On August 31, 2018, the Standing Committee of
the National People s Congress promulgated the E-commerce Law, which came into effect on January 1, 2019. The E-commerce Law imposes
a series of requirements on e-commerce operators including e-commerce platform operators, merchants operating on the platform and the
individuals and entities carrying out business online. The governance measures our PRC subsidiary adopted in response to the enhanced
regulatory requirements may fail to meet these requirements and may lead to penalties or our loss of merchants to those platforms, or
to complaints or claims made against us by customers on our platforms. 

In addition, we may be subject to complex and
evolving laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection. For more details, please see Risk Factors 
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our PRC subsidiary may be liable for improper collection, use or appropriation of personal
information provided by our customers and employees. 

Currently, these statements and regulatory actions
have had no impact on our daily business operation. However, since these statements and regulatory actions are new, it is highly uncertain
how soon legislative or administrative regulation making bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed
implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, and the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations
will have on our daily business operation, the ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S. or other foreign
exchange. 

As there are uncertainties regarding the enactment
timetable, interpretation and implementation of the existing and future internet-related laws and regulations, we cannot assure you that
our business operations will comply with such regulations in all respects and we may be ordered to terminate certain of our business operations
that are deemed illegal by the regulatory authorities and become subject to fines and/or other sanctions which could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our PRC subsidiary may be subject to additional
contributions of social insurance and housing fund and late payments and fines imposed by relevant governmental authorities. Non-compliance
with labor-related laws and regulations of the PRC may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operation. 

In accordance with the PRC Social Insurance Law
and the Regulations on the Administration of Housing Fund and other relevant laws and regulations, China establishes a social insurance
system and other employee benefits including basic pension insurance, basic medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment
insurance, maternity insurance, housing fund, and a handicapped employment security fund, or collectively the Employee Benefits. An employer
shall pay the Employee Benefits for its employees in accordance with the rates provided under relevant regulations and shall withhold
the social insurance and other Employee Benefits that should be assumed by the employees. For example, an employer that has not made social
insurance contributions at a rate and based on an amount prescribed by the law, or at all, may be ordered to rectify the non-compliance
and pay the required contributions within a stipulated deadline and be subject to a late fee of up to 0.05 or 0.2 per day, as the case
may be. If the employer still fails to rectify the failure to make social insurance contributions within the stipulated deadline, it may
be subject to a fine ranging from one to three times of the amount overdue. 

47 

As the interpretation and implementation of labor-related
laws and regulations are still evolving, we cannot assure you that our employment practice does not and will not violate labor-related
laws and regulations in China, which may subject us to labor disputes or government investigations. If we are deemed to have violated
relevant labor laws and regulations, we could be required to provide additional compensation to our employees and our business, financial
condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our PRC subsidiary failed to deposit adequate
contributions to the housing fund for all of its employees and may be reported by its employees to the People s court for enforcement. 

Our PRC subsidiary failed to deposit adequate
contributions to the housing funds for all of its employees, but has not received any notice of warning or been subject to penalties or
other disciplinary action from the relevant governmental authorities for non-compliance on labor-related laws and regulations. As a remediation,
our PRC subsidiary started to deposit the adequate contributions to the housing funds from July 2021 onwards. Before July 2021, our PRC
subsidiary failed to deposit adequate contributions of housing provident fund for all employees in accordance with Article 15 of the regulations
on the administration of housing provident fund. As of the date of this Annual Report, our PRC subsidiary did not receive any warning
and punishment notice from the authority. As advised by the PRC legal counsel, according to Article 38 of the Regulations on the Administration
of Housing Provident Funds, if an employer fails to make the housing provident fund contributions on time or at a rate and based on an
amount prescribed by the law, or at all, may be ordered by the housing provident fund management center to rectify the non-compliance
and pay the required contributions within a stipulated deadline. If the employer still fails to rectify the failure to make housing provident
fund contributions within the stipulated deadline, the housing provident fund management center may apply to the people s court
for enforcement. The maximum amount that the housing provident fund management center may apply for enforcement could be the total accumulated
amount of the company s unpaid housing fund. 

PRC laws and regulations governing our current
business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain and any changes in such laws and regulations may impair our ability to operate profitably. 

There are certain uncertainties regarding the
interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations including, but not limited to, the laws and regulations governing our business
and the enforcement and performance of our arrangements with customers in certain circumstances. The laws and regulations are sometimes
vague and may be subject to future changes, and their official interpretation and enforcement may involve certain uncertainty. The effectiveness
and interpretation of newly enacted laws or regulations, including amendments to existing laws and regulations, may be delayed, and our
business may be affected if we rely on laws and regulations which are subsequently adopted or interpreted in a manner different from our
understanding of these laws and regulations. We cannot predict what effect the interpretation of existing or new PRC laws or regulations
may have on our business. 

Because our business is conducted in RMB
and the price of the Company s common stock is quoted in United States dollars, changes in currency conversion rates may affect
the value of the Company. 

Our business is conducted in the PRC, our books
and records are maintained in RMB, which is the lawful currency of the PRC, and the financial statements that we file with the SEC and
provide to our shareholders are presented in United States dollar. Changes in the exchange rate between the RMB and United States dollar
affect the value of our assets and the results of our operations in United States dollar. The value of the RMB against the United States
dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in the PRC s political and economic conditions
and perceived changes in the economy of the PRC and the United States. Any significant revaluation of the RMB may materially and adversely
affect our cash flows, revenue and financial condition. 

48 

Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law,
or the EIT Law, our PRC subsidiary may be classified as a resident enterprise of China, which could result in unfavorable
tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders. 

The EIT Law and its implementing rules provide
that enterprises established outside of China whose de facto management bodies are located in China are considered resident
enterprises under PRC tax laws. The implementing rules promulgated under the EIT Law define the term de facto management
bodies as a management body which substantially manages, or has control over the business, personnel, finance and assets of an
enterprise. In April 2009, the State Administration of Taxation, or SAT, issued the Circular on Issues Concerning the Identification of
Chinese-Controlled Overseas Registered Enterprises as Resident Enterprises in Accordance With the Actual Standards of Organizational Management,
known as SAT Circular 82, which has been revised by the Decision of the State Administration of Taxation on Issuing the Lists of Invalid
and Abolished Tax Departmental Rules and Taxation Normative Documents on December 29, 2017 and by the Decision of the State Council on
Cancellation and Delegation of a Batch of Administrative Examination and Approval Items on November 8, 2013. Circular 82 has provided
certain specific criteria for determining whether the de facto management bodies of a PRC-controlled enterprise that is
incorporated offshore is located in China. Although this circular only applies to offshore enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises or
PRC enterprise groups, not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreigners, the criteria set forth in the circular may reflect the SAT s
general position on how the de facto management body text should be applied in determining the tax resident status of all
offshore enterprises. According to SAT Circular 82, a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise will be regarded as a PRC tax
resident by virtue of having a de facto management body in China and will be subject to PRC enterprise income tax on its
worldwide income only if all of the following criteria are met: (i) the places where senior management and senior management departments
that are responsible for daily production, operation and management of the enterprise perform their duties are mainly located within the
territory of China; (ii) financial decisions (such as money borrowing, lending, financing and financial risk management) and personnel
decisions (such as appointment, dismissal, salary and wages) are made or need to be made by organizations or persons located within the
territory of China; (iii) main property, accounting books, corporate seal, the board of directors and files of the minutes of shareholders 
meetings of the enterprise are located or preserved within the territory of China; and (iv) one half (or more) of the directors or senior
management staff having the right to vote habitually reside within the territory of China. 

If our PRC subsidiary is deemed as a PRC resident
enterprise by PRC tax authorities, we will be subject to PRC enterprise income tax on our worldwide income at a uniform tax rate
of 25 , although dividends distributed to us from our existing PRC subsidiary and any other PRC subsidiaries which our PRC subsidiary
may establish from time to time could be exempt from the PRC dividend withholding tax due to our PRC resident recipient 
status. This could have a material and adverse effect on our overall effective tax rate, our income tax expenses and our net income. Furthermore,
dividends, if any, paid to our shareholders may be decreased as a result of the decrease in distributable profits. In addition, if we
were considered a PRC resident enterprise , any dividends our PRC subsidiary pays to our non-PRC investors, and the gains
realized from the transfer of the Company s common stock may be considered income derived from sources within the PRC and be subject
to PRC tax, at a rate of 10 in the case of non-PRC enterprises or 20 in the case of non-PRC individuals (in each case, subject to the
provisions of any applicable tax treaty). It is unclear whether holders of the Company s common stock would be able to claim the
benefits of any tax treaties between their country of tax residence and the PRC in the event that our PRC subsidiary is treated as a PRC
resident enterprise. This could have a material and adverse effect on the value of the price of the Company s common stock. 

There are significant uncertainties under
the EIT Law relating to the withholding tax liabilities of our PRC subsidiary, and dividends payable by our PRC subsidiary to our offshore
subsidiaries may not qualify to enjoy certain t reaty benefits. 

Under the EIT Law and its implementation rules,
the profits of a foreign invested enterprise generated through operations, which are distributed to its immediate holding company outside
the PRC, will be subject to a withholding tax rate of 10 . Pursuant to the Arrangement between Chinese mainland and the Hong Kong
Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion on Income , or the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement,
a withholding tax rate of 10 may be lowered to 5 if the PRC enterprise is at least 25 held by a Hong Kong enterprise for at least 12
consecutive months prior to distribution of the dividends and is determined by the relevant PRC tax authority to have satisfied other
conditions and requirements under the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement and other applicable PRC laws. 

49 

However, based on the Circular on Certain
Issues with Respect to the Enforcement of Dividend Provisions in Tax Treaties , or the SAT Circular 81, which became effective on February
20, 2009, if the relevant PRC tax authorities determine, in their discretion, that a company benefits from such reduced income tax rate
due to a structure or arrangement that is primarily tax-driven, such PRC tax authorities may adjust the preferential tax treatment. According
to Circular on Several Issues regarding the Beneficial Owner in Tax Treaties , which became effective as of April
1, 2018, when determining an applicant s status as the beneficial owner regarding tax treatments in connection with
dividends, interests, or royalties in the tax treaties, several factors will be taken into account. Such factors include whether the business
operated by the applicant constitutes actual business activities, and whether the counterparty country or region to the tax treaties does
not levy any tax, grant tax exemption on relevant incomes, or levy tax at an extremely low rate. This circular further requires any applicant
who intends to be proved of being the beneficial owner to file relevant documents with the relevant tax authorities. Our
PRC subsidiary is wholly owned by our Hong Kong subsidiary. However, we cannot assure you that our determination regarding our qualification
to enjoy the preferential tax treatment will not be challenged by the relevant PRC tax authority or we will be able to complete the necessary
filings with the relevant PRC tax authority and enjoy the preferential withholding tax rate of 5 under the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement
with respect to dividends to be paid by our PRC subsidiary to our HK subsidiary, in which case, we would be subject to the higher withdrawing
tax rate of 10 on dividends received. 

PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment
in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay or prevent us from making loans
or additional capital contributions to our PRC subsidiary, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to
fund and expand our business. 

We are an offshore holding company conducting
our operations in China through our PRC subsidiary. We may make loans to our PRC subsidiary, or we may make additional capital contributions
to our PRC subsidiary. Any capital contributions or loans that we, as an offshore entity, make to our PRC subsidiary, are subject to PRC
regulations. For example, loans to our PRC subsidiary cannot exceed statutory limits and are subject to foreign exchange loan registrations.
Our capital contributions to our PRC subsidiary must be registered with the MOFCOM or its local counterpart. 

In light of the various requirements imposed by
of PRC regulations on loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies, we cannot assure you that we will
be able to complete the necessary government registrations or obtain the necessary government approvals or filings on a timely basis,
if at all, with respect to future loans by us to our PRC subsidiary or with respect to future capital contributions by us to our PRC subsidiary.
If we fail to complete such registrations or obtain such approvals on a timely basis or at all, our ability to capitalize or otherwise
fund our PRC operations may be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund
and expand our business. 

Government control in currency conversion
may adversely affect our financial condition, our ability to remit dividends, and the value of your investment. 

The PRC government imposes administration on the
convertibility of the Renminbi into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China. We receive substantially
all of our revenues in Renminbi. Under our current corporate structure, our holding companies may rely on dividend payments from our PRC
subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have. 

Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations,
Renminbi cannot be freely converted into any foreign currency, and conversion and remittance of foreign currencies are subject to PRC
foreign exchange regulations. It cannot be guaranteed that under a certain exchange rate, we will have sufficient foreign exchange to
meet our foreign exchange requirements. Under the current PRC foreign exchange administration system, foreign exchange transactions under
the current account conducted by us, including the payment of dividends, do not require advance approval from SAFE, but we are required
to present documentary evidence of such transactions and conduct such transactions at designated foreign exchange banks within China that
have the licenses to carry out foreign exchange business. Foreign exchange transactions under the capital account conducted by us, however,
must be approved in advance by SAFE. 

50 

Under existing foreign exchange regulations, we
will be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies without prior approval from SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements.
However, we cannot assure you that these foreign exchange policies regarding payment of dividends in foreign currencies will continue
in the future. 

In fact, in light of the flood of capital outflows
of China in 2016 due to the weakening Renminbi, the PRC government has imposed more restrictive foreign exchange policies and stepped
up scrutiny of major outbound capital movement including overseas direct investment. More restrictions and substantial vetting process
are put in place by SAFE to regulate cross-border transactions falling under the capital account. If any of our shareholders regulated
by such policies fails to satisfy the applicable overseas direct investment filing or approval requirement timely or at all, it may be
subject to penalties from the relevant PRC authorities. The PRC government may at its discretion further restrict access in the future
to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange administration system prevents us from obtaining sufficient
foreign currencies to satisfy our foreign currency demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders,
including holders of the Company s common stock. Our capital expenditure plans and our business, operating results and financial
condition may be materially and adversely affected. 

If we become directly subject to the scrutiny,
criticism and negative publicity involving U.S.-listed Chinese companies, we may have to expend significant resources to investigate and
resolve the matter which could harm our business operations, stock price and reputation. 

U.S. public companies that have substantially
all of their operations in China have been the subject of intense scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity by investors, financial commentators
and regulatory agencies, such as the SEC. Much of the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity has centered on financial and accounting
irregularities and mistakes, a lack of effective internal controls over financial accounting, inadequate corporate governance policies
or a lack of adherence thereto and, in many cases, allegations of fraud. As a result of the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity,
the publicly traded stock of many U.S. listed Chinese companies sharply decreased in value and, in some cases, has become virtually worthless.
Many of these companies are now subject to shareholder lawsuits and SEC enforcement actions and are conducting internal and external investigations
into the allegations. It is not clear what effect this sector-wide scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity will have on us, our business
and our stock price. If we become the subject of any unfavorable allegations, whether such allegations are proven to be true or untrue,
we will have to expend significant resources to investigate such allegations and/or defend our company. This situation will be costly
and time consuming and distract our management from growing our business. If such allegations are not proven to be groundless, we and
our business operations will be severely affected. 

The disclosures in the Company s reports
and other filings with the SEC and the Company s other public pronouncements are not subject to the scrutiny of any regulatory bodies
in the PRC. 

The Company is regulated by the SEC and our reports
and other filings with the SEC are subject to SEC review in accordance with the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC under the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act. The Company s SEC reports and other disclosures and public pronouncements are not subject to
the review or scrutiny of any PRC regulatory authority. For example, the disclosure in the Company s SEC reports and other filings
are not subject to the review by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, a PRC regulator that is responsible for oversight of the
capital markets in China. Accordingly, reader should review the Company s SEC reports, filings and our other public pronouncements
with the understanding that no local regulator has done any review of the Company, its SEC reports, other filings or any of our other
public pronouncements. 

Risks relating to PRC laws and regulations
with respect to foreign exchange 

The Regulation on Foreign Exchange Administration
of the People s Republic of China (the Regulation on Foreign Exchange Administration was promulgated by the State
Council of the PRC and came into effect on August 5, 2008. According to Regulation on Foreign Exchange Administration, a PRC individual
that makes direct investment or trades negotiable securities or derivative products overseas shall handle the registration formalities
at the foreign exchange administrative department of the State Council. If the relevant provisions require such individual to obtain a
pre-approval from or complete a filing with the competent department, he or she shall do so before handling the registration formalities.
Where any evasion of foreign exchange control is committed, such as transferring foreign exchange within the territory of the PRC to the
overseas in violation of PRC laws and regulations or transferring capital within the territory of the PRC to the overseas by fraudulent
means, competent foreign exchange administrative authority shall order the return of the foreign exchange within a prescribed time limit,
and impose a fine of no more than 30 of the amount of foreign exchange evading government control; or if the circumstances are serious,
impose a fine of no more than 100 but no less than 30 of the amount of foreign exchange evading government control; and if the activity
constitutes a crime, the violator shall be subject to criminal liabilities according to relevant laws and regulations. In addition, where
any individual, in violation of the foreign exchange provisions, changes the designated use of foreign exchange, the foreign exchange
administrative authority shall order such individual to correct such illegal act, confiscate the illegal proceeds and impose a fine of
no more than 30 of the amount of violation; or if the circumstances are serious, it may impose a fine of no more than 100 but no less
than 30 of the amount of violation. 

51 

In July 2014, SAFE promulgated the Circular on
Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Administration Over the Overseas Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment by Domestic Residents
Via Special Purpose Vehicles, or Circular 37, which replaced Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Residents 
Corporate Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Offshore Special Purpose Vehicles, or Circular 75. Circular 37 requires PRC residents
to register with local branches of SAFE in connection with their direct establishment or indirect control of an offshore entity, referred
to in Circular 37 as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of holding domestic or offshore assets or interests. Circular
37 further requires amendment to a PRC resident s registration in the event of any significant changes with respect to the special
purpose vehicle, such as an increase or decrease in the capital contributed by PRC individuals, share transfer or exchange, merger, division
or other material event. Under these regulations, PRC residents failure to comply with specified registration procedures may result
in restrictions being imposed on the foreign exchange activities of the relevant PRC entity, including the payment of dividends and other
distributions to its offshore parent, as well as restrictions on capital inflows from the offshore entity to the PRC entity, including
restrictions on its ability to contribute additional capital to its PRC subsidiaries. Further, failure to comply with the SAFE registration
requirements could result in penalties under PRC law for evasion of foreign exchange regulations. 

Guolin Tao and Ying Sun, each, a Beneficial
Owner, and together, the Beneficial Owners , who are our major beneficial owners and are PRC individuals and PRC residents,
have not completed the relevant foreign exchange registrations as required by PRC laws and regulations. We have also requested our shareholders
who are PRC individuals or PRC residents to make the necessary applications, filings, and amendments as required under PRC laws and regulations.
However, there is uncertainty concerning under what circumstances residents of other countries and regions can be classified as a PRC
resident. The PRC government authorities may interpret our beneficial owners status differently or their status may change in the
future. Moreover, we may not be fully informed of the identities of our beneficial owners and we cannot assure you that all of our PRC
individual or PRC resident beneficial owners will comply with PRC laws and regulations with respect to foreign exchange. 

Although the current PRC laws and regulations
mainly provide for corresponding penalties for PRC individual who is actually in violation of the PRC laws and regulations, we cannot
exclude the possibility that any failure of our beneficial owners who are PRC individuals or PRC residents to make any required registrations
may subject us to fines and legal sanctions, and prevent us from being able to make distributions or pay dividends, as a result of which
our business operations and our ability to distribute profits to you could be materially adversely affected. 

Increases in labor costs in the PRC may
adversely affect our business and our profitability. 

China s economy has experienced increases
in labor costs in recent years, which is expected to continue to grow. The average wage level for our employees will also need to be increased
in order to keep them. We expect that our labor costs, including wages and employee benefits, will continue to increase. Unless we are
able to pass on these increased labor costs to our customers by increasing prices for our products or services, our profitability and
results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

In addition, our PRC subsidiary has been subject
to stricter regulatory requirements in terms of entering into labor contracts with our employees and paying various statutory employee
benefits, including pensions, housing fund, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment insurance and childbearing
insurance to designated government agencies for the benefits of our employees. Pursuant to the PRC Labor Contract Law, or the Labor Contract
Law, that became effective in January 2008 and its implementing rules that became effective in September 2008 and its amendments that
became effective in July 2013, employers are subject to stricter requirements in terms of signing labor contracts, minimum wages, paying
remuneration, determining the term of employees probation and unilaterally terminating labor contracts. In the event that our PRC
subsidiary decides to terminate some of our employees or otherwise change our employment or labor practices, the Labor Contract Law and
its implementation rules may limit our ability to effect those changes in a desirable or cost-effective manner, which could adversely
affect our business and results of operations. 

52 

As the interpretation and implementation of labor-related
laws and regulations are still evolving, we cannot assure that our employment practice does not and will not violate labor-related laws
and regulations in China, which may subject us to labor disputes or government investigations. If our PRC subsidiary is deemed to have
violated relevant labor laws and regulations, we could be required to provide additional compensation to our employees and our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

We may be involved from time to time in
legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

From time to time, we may be involved in legal
proceedings and commercial disputes. Such proceedings or disputes are typically claims that arise in the ordinary course of business,
including, without limitation, commercial or contractual disputes, and other disputes with customers and suppliers, intellectual property
matters, tax matters and employment matters. There can be no assurance that such proceedings and claims, should they arise, will not have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The directors and executive officers of
the subsidiaries, as well as our employees who execute other strategic initiatives may have potential conflicts of interests with the
Company. 

If any of the directors and executive officers
of the Company s subsidiaries, as well as our employees who execute other strategic initiatives, have a conflict of interests with
the Company, they may bring an opportunity elsewhere. Thereby, we would lose out on the business. 

Under PRC laws, legal documents for corporate
transactions, including agreements and contracts are executed using the chop or seal of the signing entity or with the signature of a
legal representative whose designation is registered and filed with relevant PRC industry and commerce authorities. 

To ensure the use of our seals, our PRC subsidiary
has established internal control procedures and rules for the use of these seals. If a seal is to be used, the responsible person will
submit an application through our office automation system, and the application will be verified and approved by an authorized employee
in accordance with our internal control procedures and rules. In addition, in order to maintain the physical security of the seals, we
usually store them in a secure location that only authorized employees can access. Although we monitor these authorized employees, these
procedures may not be sufficient to prevent all abuse or negligence. Our employees are at risk of abuse of authority. For example, any
employee who acquires, abuses or misappropriates our seals or other controlling intangible assets for any reason, we may suffer from disruption
of normal business operations, and we may have to take a company or legal action, this can cost a lot of time and money. 

Future inflation in China may inhibit our
ability to conduct business in China. 

In recent years, the Chinese economy has experienced
periods of rapid expansion and highly fluctuating rates of inflation. During the past ten years, the rate of inflation in China has been
significant. These factors have led to the adoption by the PRC government, from time to time, of various corrective measures designed
to restrict the availability of credit or regulate growth and contain inflation. High inflation may in the future cause the PRC government
to exert more oversight and supervision over credit and/or prices, or to take other actions, which might affect the market for our products
and our company. 

Claims against the Company or its management
may be hard to initiate and to enforce. Even if successful, claims against the Company or its management may be nearly impossible to collect
upon. 

While the Company s service of process provider,
National Registered Agent, Inc., is located at 701 Carson Street, Suite 200, Carson City, NV 89701, USA, there is no guarantee that service
of process can be successfully completed against the Company s operating subsidiaries or its management, as they are based in China.
Even with successful service of process to National Registered Agent, you may be unable to enforce a court judgment against the Company s
operating subsidiaries or its management, as they have no property in the United States, to which such judgment could be attached. 

53 

You may face difficulties in effecting service
of legal process, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing actions in China against us or our management named in this Annual Report based
on foreign laws. 

We, through our PRC subsidiary, conduct our business
in China, and our assets are located in China. In addition, all of our senior executive officers are PRC nationals and they have lived
in China for a significant portion of time. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible for you to bring an action against us or against
our management named in this Annual Report in the United States in the event that you believe that your rights have been infringed under
the U.S. federal securities laws or otherwise as it may be difficult for our shareholders to effect service of process upon us or those
persons inside China. Furthermore, China does not have treaties providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments
of courts with many other countries and regions. Therefore, recognition and enforcement in China of judgments of a court in any of these non-PRC jurisdictions
in relation to any matter not subject to a binding arbitration provision may be difficult or impossible. Even if you are successful
in bringing an action of this kind, the laws of China may render you unable to enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of
our directors and officers. 

Furthermore, as a matter of law or practicality,
it is generally difficult to pursue shareholder claims including securities law class actions and fraud claims in China. For example,
you may experience significant legal and practical obstacles to obtaining necessary information for shareholder investigations or
litigations outside China or with respect to foreign entities. Although the local authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation
mechanism with the securities regulatory authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration,
so far no such cooperation has been established with the United States securities regulatory authorities. In addition, Article 177 of
the PRC Securities Law which became effective in March 2020 promulgated that no overseas securities regulator is allowed to conduct investigation
or evidence collection activities directly in the PRC. Therefore, without approval from the competent PRC securities regulators and relevant
authorities, no organization or individual may provide documents and materials relating to the securities activities to overseas entities.
While detailed interpretation of or implementation rules under Article 177 has yet to be promulgated, the inability for an overseas securities
regulator to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within China may further increase the difficulties you face
in protecting your interests. 

Restrictions on currency exchange under
PRC laws may limit our ability to convert cash derived from our operating activities into foreign currencies and may materially and adversely
affect the value of the Company s common stock. 

The PRC government imposes administrations on
the convertibility of Renminbi into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China. We, through our
PRC subsidiary, receive our revenue in Renminbi. Under our current corporate structure, our income is primarily derived from dividend
payments from Entrepreneurship World Consultants, the EWC WFOE. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict the ability
of EWC WFOE to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends or other payments to us, or otherwise satisfy their foreign currency
denominated obligations, if any. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, conversion of Renminbi is permitted, without prior approval
from the SAFE, for current account transactions, including profit distributions, interest payments and expenditures from trade-related
transactions, as long as certain procedural requirements are complied with. However, any existing and future restrictions on currency
exchange in China may limit our ability to convert cash derived from our operating activities into foreign currencies to fund expenditures
denominated in foreign currencies. If the foreign exchange restrictions in China prevent us from obtaining U.S. dollars or other foreign
currencies as required, our PRC subsidiary may not be able to pay dividends in U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies to our Shareholders. 

54 

Risks Related to the Market for the Company s
Common Stock 

Our CEO owns a significant percentage of
the Company s common stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to shareholder approval. 

Our CEO and majority shareholder, Mr. Guolin Tao,
has beneficial ownership of 1,030,916,276 shares of common stock of the Company. These shares represent ownership of approximately 60.60 
of the Company s common stock as of March 4, 2024. Mr. Guolin Tao may be able to determine all matters requiring shareholder approval.
For example, Mr. Guolin Tao may be able to control elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, or approval of
any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited transaction proposals or
offers for the Company s common stock that you may believe are in your best interest as one of our shareholders. 

Since the Company s common stock is
traded on the OTC Pink Sheets, an active, liquid trading market for the Company s common stock may not develop or be sustained.
If and when an active market develops the price of the Company s common stock may be volatile. 

Presently, the Company s common stock is
traded on the Over-The-Counter OTC Pink Sheets. Presently there is limited trading in the Company s stock and in
the absence of an active trading market investors may have difficulty buying and selling or obtaining market quotations, market visibility
for shares of the Company s common stock may be limited, and a lack of visibility for shares of the Company s common stock
may have a depressive effect on the market price for shares of its common stock. 

The lack of an active market impairs your ability
to sell your shares at the time you wish to sell them or at a price that you consider reasonable. The lack of an active market may also
reduce the fair market value of your shares. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund operations
by selling shares. 

Trading in stocks quoted on the OTC Pink Sheets
is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations
or business prospects. The securities market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are not
related to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market
price of shares of the Company s common stock. Moreover, the OTC Pink Sheets is not a stock exchange, and trading of securities
is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a quotation system like Nasdaq or a national stock exchange like the NYSE.
Accordingly, stockholders may have difficulty reselling any shares of common stock. 

The Company s Board of Directors may
authorize and issue shares of new classes of stock that could be superior to or adversely affect you as a holder of the Company s
common stock 

The Company s board of directors has the
power to authorize and issue shares of classes of stock, including preferred stock that have voting powers, designations, preferences,
limitations and special rights, including preferred distribution rights, conversion rights, redemption rights and liquidation rights without
further shareholder approval which could adversely affect the rights of the holders of the Company s common stock. In addition,
the Company s board could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater voting power than the Company s
common stock or that is convertible into the Company s common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of the Company s
common stock or result in dilution to the Company s existing common stockholders. 

Any of these actions could significantly adversely
affect the investment made by holders of the Company s common stock. Holders of common stock could potentially not receive dividends
that they might otherwise have received. In addition, holders of the Company s common stock could receive less proceeds in connection
with any future sale of the Company, whether in liquidation or on any other basis. 

There is a limited public market for the Company s common
stock. 

There is currently a limited public market for
the common stock. Holders of the Company s common stock may, therefore, have difficulty selling their common stock, should they
decide to do so. In addition, there can be no assurances that such markets will continue or that any shares of common stock will be able
to be sold without incurring a loss. Any such market price of the common stock may not necessarily bear any relationship to our book value,
assets, past operating results, financial condition or any other established criteria of value, and may not be indicative of the market
price for the common stock in the future. Further, the market price for the common stock may be volatile depending on a number of factors,
including business performance, industry dynamics, news announcements or changes in general. 

55 

We may, in the future, issue additional
common shares, which would reduce investors percent of ownership and may dilute the Company s share
value. 

The Company s Articles of Incorporation
authorizes the issuance of 1,800,000,000 shares of common stock. As of March 4, 2024, we have 1,701,181,423 shares of common stock issued
and outstanding. The future issuance of common stock will result in substantial dilution in the percentage of the Company s common
stock held by the Company s then existing shareholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis.
The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value
of the shares held by the Company s investors and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for the Company s common
stock. 

There is a limited market for the Company s
common stock, which may make it difficult for holders of the Company s common stock to sell their stock. 

The Company s common stock currently trades
on the OTC Pink Sheets under the symbol EUBG and currently there is minimal trading in the Company s common stock.
There can be no assurance as to the liquidity of any markets that may develop for the Company s common stock, the ability of holders
of the Company s common stock to sell the Company s common stock, or the prices at which holders may be able to sell the Company s
common stock. Further, many brokerage firms will not process transactions involving low price stocks, especially those that come within
the definition of a penny stock. If we cease to be quoted, holders of the Company s common stock may find it more
difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of the Company s common stock, and the market value
of the Company s common stock would likely decline. 

The trading price of the Company s
common stock is likely to be volatile, which could result in substantial losses to investors. 

The trading price of the Company s common
stock is likely to be volatile and could fluctuate widely due to factors beyond our control. This may happen because of broad market and
industry factors, including the performance and fluctuation of the market prices of other companies with business operations located outside
of the United States. In addition to market and industry factors, the price and trading volume for the Company s common stock may
be highly volatile for factors specific to our own operations, including the following: 

variations
in our revenues, earnings and cash flow; 

announcements
of new investments, acquisitions, strategic partnerships or joint ventures by us or our competitors; 

announcements
of new offerings, solutions and expansions by us or our competitors; 

changes
in financial estimates by securities analysts; 

detrimental
adverse publicity about us, our brand, our services or our industry; 

additions
or departures of key personnel; 

sales
of additional equity securities; and 

potential
litigation or regulatory investigations. 

Any of these factors may result in large and sudden
changes in the volume and price at which the Company s common stock will trade. 

56 

In the past, shareholders of public companies
have often brought securities class action suits against those companies following periods of instability in the market price of their
securities. If we were involved in a class action suit, it could divert a significant amount of our management s attention and other
resources from our business and operations and require us to incur significant expenses to defend the suit, which could harm our results
of operations. Any such class action suit, whether or not successful, could harm our reputation and restrict our ability to raise capital
in the future. In addition, if a claim is successfully made against us, we may be required to pay significant damages, which could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Lack of market and state blue sky laws may
make shares of the Company s common stock more difficult to sell. 

Investors may have difficulty in reselling their
shares due to the lack of market or state Blue Sky laws. The holders of the Company s shares of common stock and persons who desire
to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future should be aware that there may be significant state law restrictions
upon the ability of investors to resell the Company s shares. Accordingly, even if we are successful in having the shares available
for trading on the OTC, investors should consider any secondary market for the Company s securities to be a limited one. We intend
to seek coverage and publication of information regarding our Company in an accepted publication which permits a manual exemption. 
This manual exemption permits a security to be distributed in a particular state without being registered if the company issuing the security
has a listing for that security in a securities manual recognized by the state. However, it is not enough for the security to be listed
in a recognized manual. The listing entry must contain (1) the names of issuers, officers, and directors, (2) an issuer s balance
sheet, and (3) a profit and loss statement for either the fiscal year preceding the balance sheet or for the most recent fiscal year of
operations. We may not be able to secure a listing containing all of this information. Furthermore, the manual exemption is a non-issuer
exemption restricted to secondary trading transactions, making it unavailable for issuers selling newly issued securities. Most of the
accepted manuals are those published in Standard and Poor s, Moody s Investor Service, Fitch s Investment Service, and
Best s Insurance Reports, and many states expressly recognize these manuals. A smaller number of states declare that they recognize
securities manuals but do not specify the recognized manuals. The following states do not have any provisions and therefore do
not expressly recognize the manual exemption: Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Montana, South Dakota, Tennessee, Vermont,
and Wisconsin. 

Accordingly, the Company s shares of Common
Stock should be considered totally illiquid, which inhibits investors ability to resell their shares. 

We are subject to the penny stock rules,
which will make shares of the Company s common stock more difficult to sell. 

We will be subject to penny stock regulations
and restrictions and you may have difficulty selling shares of the Company s common stock. The SEC has adopted regulations which
generally define so-called penny stocks to be an equity security that has a market price less than 5.00 per share or an
exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. We anticipate that the Company s common stock will become
a penny stock , and we will become subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act, or the Penny Stock Rule . This
rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell such securities to persons other than established customers.
For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received
the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to sale. As a result, this rule may affect the ability of broker-dealers
to sell the Company s securities and may affect the ability of purchasers to sell any of the Company s securities in the secondary
market. 

For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless
exempt, the rules require delivery, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about sales commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered
representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements are required to be sent disclosing recent price
information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stock. 

We do not anticipate that the Company s
common stock will qualify for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule. In any event, even if the Company s common stock were exempt
from the Penny Stock Rule, we would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act, which gives the Commission the authority to
restrict any person from participating in a distribution of penny stock, if the Commission finds that such a restriction would be in the
public interest. 

57 

Shares of the Company s common stock
that have not been registered under federal securities laws are subject to resale restrictions imposed by Rule 144, including those set
forth in Rule 144(i) which apply to a former shell company. 

We were deemed a shell company under
applicable SEC rules and regulations because we had no or nominal operations and either no or nominal assets, assets consisting solely
of cash and cash equivalents, or assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. Pursuant to Rule
144 promulgated under the Securities Act, sales of the securities of a former shell company, such as us, under that rule are not permitted
unless at the time of a proposed sale, we have filed Form 10 information with the SEC, we are subject to the reporting requirements of
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and have filed all reports and other materials required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Exchange Act, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months, other than Form 8-K reports. Additionally, our previous status as a shell
company could also limit our use of our securities to pay for any acquisitions we may seek to pursue in the future. The lack of liquidity
of the Company s securities as a result of the inability to sell under Rule 144 for a longer period of time than a non-former shell
company could cause the market price of the Company s securities to decline. There can be no assurance that we will ever meet these
conditions and any purchases of the Company s shares are subject to these restrictions on resale. 

We currently do not have an audit or compensation
committee 

Because we do not have an audit or compensation
committee, stockholders will have to rely on the Company s entire Board of Directors, none of which are independent, to perform
these functions. Since we do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, these functions are performed
by the Company s Board of Directors as a whole. Thus, there is a potential conflict in that Board members who are also part of management
will participate in discussions concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management decisions. 

We are subject to compliance with Security
laws exposure 

We are subject to compliance with securities laws,
which exposes us to potential liabilities, including potential rescission rights. We may offer to sell the Company s shares of the
Company s common stock to investors pursuant to certain exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, as
well as those of various state securities laws. The basis for relying on such exemptions is factual; that is, the applicability of such
exemptions depends upon our conduct and that of those persons contacting prospective investors and making the offering. We may not seek
any legal opinion to the effect that any such offering would be exempt from registration under any federal or state law. Instead, we may
elect to relay upon the operative facts as the basis for such exemption, including information provided by investor themselves. 

If any such offering did not qualify for such
exemption, an investor would have the right to rescind its purchase of the securities if it so desired. It is possible that if an investor
should seek rescission, such investor would succeed. A similar situation prevails under state law in those states where the securities
may be offered without registration in reliance on the partial preemption from the registration or qualification provisions of such state
statutes under the National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996. If investors were successful in seeking rescission, we would face
severe financial demands that could adversely affect our business and operations. Additionally, if we did not in fact qualify for the
exemptions upon which we have relied, we may become subject to significant fines and penalties imposed by the Commission and state securities
agencies. 

There is no assurance that we will be able
to pay dividends to the Company s shareholders, which means that you could receive little or no return on your investment. 

Because we do not intend to pay any cash dividends
on shares of the Company s common stock, the Company s stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless
they sell them. We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends on shares of the Company s common stock in the foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends, the Company s
stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. There is no assurance that stockholders will
be able to sell shares of the Company s common stock when desired. 

58 

Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 will require substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls and may require us to have such system audited by an independent
registered public accounting firm. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny,
civil or criminal penalties and/or shareholder litigation. Any inability to provide reliable financial reports could harm our business.
Furthermore, any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in the implementation of adequate
controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting
obligations. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could
have a negative effect on the trading price of the Company s securities. 

We are an emerging growth company 
and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make the Company s
securities less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company 
for up to five years. However, if the Company s non-convertible debt issued within a three-year period exceeds 1.0 billion or revenues
exceed 1.07 billion, or the market value of the Company s common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million on
the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following
fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we are not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in the Company s periodic reports
and proxy statements, and we are exempt from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Additionally, as an emerging growth company, we have elected to delay
the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards
apply to private companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective
dates. We cannot predict if investors will find the Company s shares less attractive because we may rely on these provisions. If
some investors find the Company s shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for the Company s
shares and the Company s share price may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when
a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company,
will not adopt the new or revised standard until the time private companies are required to adopt the new or revised standard. This may
make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth
company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant
standards used. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

59 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity 

Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 

We recognize the importance of assessing, identifying,
and managing material risks associated with cybersecurity threats, as such term is defined in Item 106(a) of Regulation S-K. These risks
include, among other things: operational risks, intellectual property theft, fraud, extortion, harm to employees or customers and violation
of data privacy or security laws. Identifying and assessing cybersecurity risk is integrated into our overall risk management systems
and processes. 

We are a holding company and our operations are
conducted substantially in China by our Hong Kong and China subsidiaries. Our PRC subsidiary, the main operating entity of
ours, has implemented comprehensive internal policies and measures on protection of cyber security, data privacy and personal information
to make sure its compliance with relevant PRC laws and regulations. The main internal policies and measures are as follows: 

(i) for customer data processing, our PRC subsidiary deploys
the access control mechanism on the server side, adopts the principle of minimum authorization for the staff who may contact end users 
personal data; 

(ii) our PRC subsidiary s operating systems and database
systems have password complexity requirements; 

(iii) our PRC subsidiary has established Information Security
Committee and appoints the CEO, Mr. Tao Guolin to be the head of the committee; 

(iv) our PRC subsidiary has formulated a cybersecurity contingency
plan and will conduct training and safety drills every year in preparation for any emergency cybersecurity incidents; and 

(v) our PRC subsidiary has established data privacy policies
to ensure that its collection of data is conducted in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and that the collection is for
legitimate purposes as set out in its agreements. 

In compliance with PRC laws and regulations with
respect to data security in all material aspects, we have implemented comprehensive internal policies and measures on protection of cyber
security, data privacy and personal information as listed above. 

In addition, while we take various measures to
comply with all applicable data privacy and protection laws and regulations, there is no guarantee that our current security measures
and those of our third-party service providers may always be adequate for the protection of our customer, employee or company data; and
like all companies, we have experienced data incidents from time to time. In addition, given the size of our customer base and the types
and volume of personal data on our system, we may be a particularly attractive target for computer hackers, foreign governments or cyber
terrorists. Unauthorized access to our proprietary internal and customer data may be obtained through break-ins, sabotage, breach of our
secure network by an unauthorized party, computer viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks, employee theft or misuse, breach of the
security of the networks of our third-party service providers, or other misconduct. Because the techniques used by computer programmers
who may attempt to penetrate and sabotage our proprietary internal and customer data change frequently and may not be recognized until
launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques. Unauthorized access to our proprietary internal and customer
data may also be obtained through inadequate use of security controls. Any of such incidents may harm our reputation and adversely affect
our business and results of operations. In addition, we may be subject to negative publicity about our security and privacy policies,
systems, or measurements from time to time. 

Any failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches,
cyber-attacks or other unauthorized access to our systems or disclosure of our customers data, including their personal information,
could result in loss or misuse of such data, interruptions to our service system, diminished customer experience, loss of customer confidence
and trust, impairment of our technology infrastructure, and harm our reputation and business, resulting in significant legal and financial
exposure and potential lawsuits and could cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. In addition, any
violation of the provisions and requirements under relevant laws and regulations with respect to cyber security, data security and personal
information protection may subject us to rectifications, warnings, fines, confiscation of illegal gains, suspension of the related business,
revocation of licenses, cancellation of qualifications being entered into the relevant credit record or even criminal liabilities. 

60 

Cybersecurity Governance 

Our board of directors currently do not oversees
our cybersecurity program, and have delegated the oversight to our PRC subsidiary which established its Information Security Committee
headed by our CEO, Mr. Tao Guolin to be the head of the committee. The Information Security Committee will provide the board of directors
occasional updates on the effectiveness of our cybersecurity program. 

Item 2. Properties 

We, through our PRC subsidiary, lease 289.12 square
meter of office space in China located at Suite 907, Saigao City Plaza Building 2, No. 170 Weiyang Road, Xi an, China. Our rent
for the office space in Xi an, China, is 57,324 per year, with a lease term of 3 years, which terminates in July 2024. As of the
date of this Annual Report, we intend to renew the lease. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We may from time to time be involved in various
claims and legal proceedings of a nature we believe are normal and incidental to our business. These matters may include product liability,
intellectual property, employment, personal injury cause by our employees, and other general claims. We are not presently a party to any
legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of
outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other
factors. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

61 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

The Company s common stock is currently
quoted on the OTC market Pink Sheets Current Information under the symbol EUBG. Any over-the-counter market quotations reflect
inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Holders 

As of March 4, 2024, we had 165 holders of record
of the Company s common stock. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include
beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers or registered clearing agencies. 

Common and Preferred Stock 

The Company s authorized capital stock consists
of 1,800,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,100,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share.
As of March 4, 2024, there were 1,701,181,423 shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding and 0 shares of the Company s
preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Options and Warrants 

None. 

Debt Securities 

None. 

Dividends Policy 

The Company has not declared any cash dividends since
inception and does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of cash dividends is within the discretion
of the Board of Directors and will depend on the Company s earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, and other relevant
factors. There are no restrictions that currently limit the Company s ability to pay cash, or other, dividends on its common stock
other than those generally imposed by applicable state law. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

The Company has no equity compensation plans. 

Item 6. [ Reserved ] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

The following management s
discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto contained
at the end of this Annual Report. Some of the statements contained in the following discussion of our financial condition and results
of operations refer to future expectations or include other forward-looking information. Those statements are subject to
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contemplated,
including, but not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this report under the heading Risk Factors, which are
incorporated herein by reference. See Special Note regarding Forward-Looking Statements included in this Annual Report for
a discussion of factors to be considered when evaluating forward-looking information detailed below. These factors could cause our actual
results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. 

62 

Impact of COVID-19 

In early January of 2020, a novel coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak took place has spread rapidly to Asia and other parts of the world. The COVID-19 outbreak has resulted
in widespread economic disruptions in China, as well as government measures by the PRC government to contain its transmissions. 

Based on the current situation, COVID-19 is relatively
stable in China. The Company does not expect a significant impact on the Company s operations and financial results in the long
run. 

Overview 

Prior to the Transaction on May 15, 2019, we were
inactive from 2007 to 2019, and did not have any active business activities. In May of 2019, the new major shareholders rejuvenated marketing
consultancy services and e-commerce business in China to the Company and its subsidiaries. EUBG is a holding company for its operating
subsidiaries. Our PRC subsidiary s operations in China are the primary operations of the Company. While substantially all of our
operations are located in China, we currently do not, and we do not plan to use variable interest entities to execute our business plan
or to conduct our China-based operations. However, because our operations are in China and our major shareholders are located in China,
there is always a risk that the PRC government may exert certain supervision over operations of any company with any level of operations
in China, including its ability to offer securities to investors, list its securities on a U.S. or other foreign exchange, conduct its
business or accept foreign investment. If any or all of the foregoing were to occur, it could, in turn, result in a material change in
the Company s operations and/or the value of its common stock and/or significantly limit or completely hinder its ability to offer
or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

On March 22, 2022, the PRC subsidiary learned
that Beijing Jade Bird Culture and Art Research Institute Jade Bird ), the KOL agency that the PRC subsidiary works with
to coordinate digital training related service, suspended its service after receiving a notice from China National Personal Talent Training
Network CNPTTN ), a PRC regulatory agency for the talent training, that until further notice CNPTTN has suspended all recruitment
services using CNPTTN s name from January 30, 2022. As a result of CNPTTN s suspension, the PRC subsidiary has also suspended
its digital training related services with Jade Bird from March 22, 2022. As it is highly unlikely that the service will be resumed, the
Company had refunded all advance payments made by clients who were unable to receive the training-related services. For the years ended
December 31, 2023 and 2022, the digital training related services with Jade Bird represented 0 and 7.5 of our total revenue, or nil
and 262,799 , respectively. 

Comparison of Results of Operations of the Years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022 

The following table sets forth key components
of our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022: 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenue 
 6,238,926 
 3,507,590 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 (474,568 
 (663,486 
 
 Gross profit 
 5,764,358 
 2,844,104 
 
 Selling expenses 
 (25,659 
 (40,165 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 (1,874,929 
 (1,683,575 
 
 Total other income (expenses), net 
 72,059 
 (14,311 
 
 Income before income tax 
 3,935,829 
 1,106,053 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (1,653,470 
 (701,435 
 
 Net income 
 2,282,359 
 404,618 

63 

Revenue and cost of revenue 

During the year ended
December 31, 2023, we generated revenue of 6,238,926, which represents an increase of 2,731,336 or 77.9 as compared with last year.
The increase was mainly attributed to our consultation services in connection with a client engaged in live streaming business. 

Cost of revenue for the
year ended December 31, 2023 was 474,568, which represented a decrease of 188,918 or 28.5 as compared with last year. The decrease
in cost of revenue is mainly due to the absence of direct operating costs related to digital training services used in the current year.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, direct operating costs related to these services were 167,759. 

Profit margin for the
year ended December 31, 2023 was 92.4 , which represents an increase of 11.3 as compared with last year. The increase in gross profit
margin for the year ended December 31, 2023, was primarily due to effective labor cost management and the absence of direct operating
costs related to digital training services used in the current year. 

As a result of the above,
the gross profit was 5,764,358 for the year ended December 31, 2023, which represented an increase of 2,920,254 or 102.7 as compared
with last year. 

Selling expenses 

During the year ended
December 31, 2023, we incurred 25,659 selling expenses, which represented a decrease of 14,506 or 36.1 as compared with last year.
The decrease of selling expenses was mainly due to the tightening of entertainment policies and no staff costs incurred in selling activities
during the current year. 

General and administrative expenses 

During the year ended
December 31, 2023, we incurred 1,874,929 general and administrative expenses, which represented an increase of 191,354 or 11.4 as compared
with last year. Our general and administrative expenses consisted mainly of audit fees, professional fees, payroll expenses and consultancy
fees. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to increase of audit fees and payroll expenses to cope with
our business expansion. 

Total other income (expense), net 

During the year ended
December 31, 2023, we recorded net other income of 72,059, which represented a difference of 86,370 or 6.03 times as compared with last
year. Our net other income mainly consisted of bank interest income, exchange rate differences and sundry income. The significant difference
can be attributed to a decrease in exchange losses resulting from the translation of certain foreign currency-denominated assets in our
subsidiaries. In the prior year, these exchange losses amounted to 175,810, whereas in the current year, they decreased to 24,857. 

Income tax expense 

During the year ended
December 31, 2023, we incurred income tax expense of 1,653,470, which represented an increase of 952,035 or 135.7 as compared with
last year. The income tax expenses consisted of the Enterprise Income Tax charged in China and the withholding tax incurred in Hong Kong. 

For the year ended December
31, 2023, our income tax expenses comprised of current tax expenses and deferred tax expenses of 1,271,400 and 382,070, respectively,
compared to current tax expenses and deferred tax expenses of 540,840 and 160,595 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

64 

Net income 

As a result of the above,
we generated a net income of 2,282,359 and 404,618 for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Working Capital 

December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 9,324,115 
 7,193,591 
 
 Total current assets 
 10,027,903 
 7,501,638 
 
 Total assets 
 10,162,565 
 7,773,604 
 
 Total liabilities 
 1,031,362 
 889,404 
 
 Retained earnings 
 2,329,574 
 47,215 
 
 Total equity 
 9,131,203 
 6,884,200 

Cash flow 

The following table sets forth a summary of our
cash flows for the years indicated: 

Years ended 
December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net cash generated from (used in) operating activities 
 2,325,122 
 (138,894 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (1,838 
 (9,704 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 (164,436 
 (3,492 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 (28,324 
 (303,448 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
 7,193,591 
 7,649,129 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 9,324,115 
 7,193,591 

Cash generated from (used in) operating activities 

Net cash generated from
operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 2,325,122, which represented an increase of 2,464,016 or 17.7 times as
compared with last year. The increase of operating cash flows was mainly resulted from a combination of below operating activities changes: 

Net income was 2,282,359
for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to 404,618 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase of net income of 1,877,741
or 464.1 was primarily due to the increase in revenue during the current year. 

No cash movement of trade
payable was resulted for the year ended December 31, 2023 because we suspended all digital training related services since March 22, 2022.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash outflow of trade payables of 109,414 was all related to the digital training related services. 

Cash inflow of tax payables
was 245,574 for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to 59,976 in the prior year. Our tax payables primarily consist of the
Enterprise Income Tax charged in China, which is accrued on a quarterly basis and settled in the subsequent quarter. Therefore, cash inflow
of 245,574 for the year ended December 31, 2023 was mainly align with our business growth in the fourth quarter of 2023 and a larger
tax provision that had been accrued. 

No cash movement of contract
liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2023 because we suspended the digital training related services since March 22, 2022. We do
not have other contract require customer to pay the consideration before receiving the services. For the year ended December 31, 2022,
cash outflow of contract liabilities was 204,164 which solely resulted from the digital training related services. 

65 

Cash used in investing activities 

Cash used in investing activity for the year ended
December 31, 2023 was 1,838 as compared to 9,704 used in the prior year. The cash used in investing activities for the year ended December
31, 2023 and 2022 were due to purchase of property, plant and equipment. On September 29, 2022, the Company provided loans of 1,040,307
to two independent vendors of the Company s consultancy business. As the loans were fully repaid on October 18, 2022, the net cash
used in investing activities was not impacted. 

Cash used in financing activities 

Cash used in financing
activities for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 164,436 as compared to 3,492 used in the prior year. The amount was due to repayment
to a director for the amount advanced by a director. 

Future Capital Requirements 

We believe that our ability to generate cash from
operations are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending and other cash needs for at least the next 12 months. Our ability to
generate adequate cash from operations in the future, however, will depend on, among other things, our ability to successfully implement
our business strategies while continuing to tightly control our expenses, and to manage the impact of changes to the PRC regulatory environment.
We can give no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement those strategies and cost control initiatives, or successfully
adjust to any changes to PRC laws and regulations impacting our business. In addition, changes in our operating plans, lower than anticipated
sales, increased expenses, interest rate increases, acquisitions or other events may cause us to seek additional debt or equity financing
in future periods. We can give no assurance that financing will be available on acceptable terms or at all. Additional equity financing
could be dilutive to holders of the Company s common stock; debt financing, if available, could impose additional cash payment obligations
and additional covenants and operating restrictions. 

Contractual Obligations 

We had the following contractual obligations and
commercial commitments as of December 31, 2023: 

Contractual Obligations 
 Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1-3 
years 
 3-5 
years 
 More than 
5 years 
 
 Lease 
 27,930 
 27,930 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 TOTAL 
 27,930 
 27,930 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

We regularly evaluate the accounting policies
and estimates that we use to make budgetary and financial statement assumptions. A complete summary of these policies is included in the
notes to our financial statements. In general, management s estimates are based on historical experience, on information from third
party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances. Actual results
could differ from those estimates made by management. The discussion of our critical accounting policies contained in Note 2 to our consolidated
financial statements, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, is incorporated herein by reference. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

For further information on recently issued accounting
pronouncements, see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
included herein at Item 13, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, we did not have
any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a) (4) (ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1934. 

66 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

Not applicable. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

The Financial Statements that constitute Item
8 are included at the end of this report beginning on Page F-1. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

In its two most recent fiscal years, the Company
has had no disagreements with its independent accountants. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules
and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to
the issuer s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the parameters set forth above and has concluded that as of
December 31, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles as a result of the following material weaknesses: 

1. 
 We did not maintain appropriate cash controls We had not maintained sufficient internal controls over financial reporting for the cash process, including failure to segregate cash handling and accounting functions, and did not require dual signature on our bank accounts. However, the effects of poor cash controls were mitigated in part by the fact that we had introduced certain cash management policies. 

67 

2. 
 We did not implement appropriate information technology controls We were retaining copies of all financial data and material agreements; however there is no formal procedure or evidence of normal backup of our data or off-site storage of the data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due to unmitigated factors. 

3 
 We currently lack sufficient accounting personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience and training in U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting requirements. 

4 
 We do not have adequate written policies and procedures Due to lack of adequate written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting, we did not establish a formal process to close our books monthly and account for all transactions in a timely manner. 

Due to our small size
and the early stage of our business, segregation of duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. We have limited
capital resources and have given priority in the use of those resources to our business development efforts. As a result, we have not
been able to take steps to improve our internal controls over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2023. However, we
continue to evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls and procedures on an ongoing basis. Once our operations grow and become more
complex, our Board of Directors will take steps to remediate these material weaknesses as soon as practicable: 

1. 
 We plan to formalize and provide training, on certain policies, including cash control. 

2. 
 We plan, as funding permits, to engage a third party consultant to help evaluate and improve the design of appropriate information technology controls. 

3. 
 We plan, as funding permits, to appoint additional personnel with U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting experience to assist with the preparation of our financial reporting. 

4. 
 Prepare written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting to establish a formal process to close our books monthly on an accrual basis and account for all transactions, including equity and debt transactions, in a timely manner. 

Despite the material
weaknesses and deficiencies reported above, our management believes that our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented and
that this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting, as such report is not required due to the Company s status as a smaller reporting company. 

Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in the Company s
internal controls over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2023, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, no director
or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, 
as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections 

Not applicable. 

68 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance 

The following information sets forth the names,
ages, and positions of the Company s current directors and executive officers. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Guolin Tao 
 
 48 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer) 
 
 Jianyong Li 
 
 41 
 
 Director 
 
 Lijun Yuan 
 
 59 
 
 Director 

Set forth below is a brief description of the
background and business experience of each of the Company s current executive officers and directors. 

GUOLIN TAO Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer,
and Chief Financial Officer 

Mr. Tao has more than 20 years of professional
experience in business consultation, operations, management and in the marketing industry. From 2015 to now, he has been the chairmen
of two non-profit organizations: Qiming Public Welfare Foundation (1/2015 to 9/2020) and Gansu Guolin Welfare Foundation (9/2020 to present).
Mr. Tao serves as CEO, CFO of Entrepreneur Universe Bright Group (EUBG) and also serves as the CFOs of the subsidiaries of EUBG in Hong
Kong and China. He focuses his arears in digital marketing, brands marketing and consumer economics. He is the author of The Power
of Consuming , No Names , and Winning in the System , which are the popular marketing books in China.
Mr. Tao graduated from Beijing Institute of Technology with a BS degree, and was graduated from Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications
with MBA degree. 

JIANYONG LI Director 

Mr. Li is known as a startup team operation specialist
and problem-solver for emergencies event coordinator management specialist in China. He has served several times as the chairperson
of conference and organize hundreds of Charity Fundraising Event. Mr. Li graduated from Beijing Institute of Technology with Bachelor s
degree in Business Administration. He is currently the CEO of Entrepreneurship World Technology Holding Group Company Limited, the subsidiary
of the Company in Hong Kong. He was the deputy secretary-general of Qiming Public Welfare Foundation responsible for carrying out public
service activities in education, career for people with disabilities, and social welfare during the tenure. He has rich experiences as
a marketing manager and led thousands of marketing teams which attained annual sales of more than billions of dollars in China. Mr. Li
has been named as a team operations leader in the Asia-Pacific region in the marketing industry. He was awarded by China Annual Economic
Summit as 2020 Top Ten Economic (Industry) Innovative Entrepreneurs. 

LIJUN YUAN Director 

Mr. Yuan is currently the CEO of Xi an Yunchuang
Space Information Technology Co., Ltd., the subsidiary of the Company in China. He worked for Jucheng Group which ranked first in the
training industry in China, as Group Chief Operator. He worked as president for Shengshi Impact Education and Training Group, Shanghai
Huiju International Education Group, Shengshang (Beijing) Holding Group Limited, and Beijing Shengshang Education Tech Co. Ltd. in
the past 10 years. He was awarded a Master s degree of Business Administration from Xi an Jiaotong University. Mr. Yuan was
honored as 2016 Top Ten Innovators Award in Shaanxi Province, and 2020 Most Influential People of Chinese National Brand. 

69 

Term of Office 

The Company s Directors are appointed for
a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of the Company s shareholders or until removed from office
in accordance with the Company s bylaws. The Company s officers are appointed by the Company s board of directors and
hold office until removed by the board, subject to their respective employment agreements. 

Significant Employees 

Mr. Guolin Tao is considered a significant employee.
Mr. Guolin Tao has more than 20 years of professional experience in business consultation, operations, management and in the marketing
industry. Mr. Guolin Tao serves as the CEO and CFO of the Company; serves as the CFO of the subsidiary in Hong Kong and designated as
a senior consultant in China. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between or among
the directors, executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become directors or executive officers. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During the past 10 years, none of the Company s
current directors, nominees for directors or current executive officers has been involved in any legal proceeding identified in Item 401(f)
of Regulation S-K. 

Audit Committee 

We have not adopted an
audit committee charter. The Company s board of directors will serve the function of the audit committee. The
board of directors in the future intends to establish an audit committee. 

Compensation Committee and Governance and
Nomination Committee 

We have not adopted a
compensation committee and governance committee charters. The board of directors currently serves these functions. The board
of directors will consider establishing a compensation committee and governance committee in the future. 

Code of Conduct and Ethics 

We have not adopted a Code of Conduct for the
Company s executive officers, directors and the Company s employees. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The following
summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the Company s named executive officers
paid by us during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Annual Compensation 
 Long Term 
 Compensation Awards 

Other 
 Restricted 
 Securities 

Annual 
 Stock 
 Underlying 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Award(s) 
 ) 
 Options ) 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Guolin Tao, Chairman, CEO, and CFO (1) 
 2023 
 349,830 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 349,830 

2022 
 239,636 
 - 
 3,471 
 - 
 - 
 243,107 

(1) 
 Paid by the subsidiaries Entrepreneurship World Technology Holding Group Company Limited and Xian Yunchuang Space Information Technology Co., Limited in Hong Kong and China. 

70 

Employment Agreement 

In accordance with company s board resolution,
Mr. Guolin Tao has been appointed as the CEO, CFO, and director of the Company. Furthermore, Mr. Guolin Tao hasentered into two employment
agreements with Entrepreneurship World Technology Holding Group Co Ltd and Xi an Yunchuang Space Information Technology Co. Ltd.,
respectively. 

Per
the employment agreement with Entrepreneurship World Technology Holding Group Co Ltd dated September 1, 2022, Mr. Guolin Tao has been
appointed as the CFO for our HK subsidiary beginning on September 1, 2022, and ending on August 31, 2025. Mr. Tao receives a monthly
salary of HKD 100,000. He is also entitled to social insurance
benefits as per the regulations of the state and local government, which include employee endowment, unemployment, major disease medical
planning, among other social insurances. The agreement includes standard confidentiality clauses. Furthermore, the agreement allows for
early termination under specific conditions detailed within, in addition to standard clauses for expiration or mutual consent by both
parties. 

Pursuant to the employment agreement with Xi an
Yunchuang Space Information Technology Co. Ltd. dated November 1, 2022, Mr. Guolin Tao has been designated as the senior consultant of
our PRC subsidiary for a fixed period from November 1, 2022 to October 31, 2027 at a monthly salary of RMB 100,000. Mr. Tao will also
be entitled to social insurance benefits as per state and local government regulations, which includes employee endowment, unemployment,
major disease medical planning, and other social insurances. The agreement includes standard confidentiality clauses. The agreement allows
for early termination under specific conditions outlined within, in addition to expiration or mutual consent by both parties.. 

Options/SAR Grants 

During the last fiscal
year, we have not granted any stock options or Stock Appreciation Rights SARS to any executive officers or other individuals. 

Aggregated Option/SAR exercised and Fiscal
year-end Option/SAR value table 

Neither the Company s
executive officers nor the other individuals listed in the tables above, exercised options or SARs during the last fiscal year. 

Stock Option Plan 

We have not adopted a stock option plan. 

Long-term incentive plans 

We have not adopted long term incentive plan. 

Defined benefit or actuarial plan disclosure 

As required by PRC laws,
our PRC subsidiary contributes 10 of an individual employee s monthly salary to pension insurance. 

Compensation of Directors 

We do not have any non-executive
directors and currently no compensation arrangements are in place for the compensation of directors. 

Employment contracts and termination of
employment and change-in-control arrangements 

None of the Company s
officers or employees is under an employment contract or has contractual rights triggered by a change in control of the company. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

We have not established
a Compensation Committee and the Company s board of directors will serve this function. No interlocking relationship
exists between the Company s board of directors and the board of directors or compensation committee of any other entity. 

71 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets
forth as of March 4, 2024, the number of shares of the Company s common stock owned on record or beneficially by each person known
to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s voting stock, and by each of the
Company s directors and executive officers and by all its directors and executive officers as a group. Unless
otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the Company s directors and executive offices is Suite 907, Saigao City
Plaza Building 2, No. 170 Weiyang Road, Xi an, China. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership(1) 
 Percentage of Beneficial Ownership (2) 
 
 Directors and Officers: 

Guolin Tao (3) 
 1,030,916,276 
 60.60 
 
 Jianyong Li 
 21,347,916 
 1.25 
 
 Lijun Yuan 
 30,000,000 
 1.76 
 
 All executive officers and directors as a group (3 person) 
 1,082,264,192 
 63.61 
 
 5 Holders: 

Tethys
 Fountain Limited (3) 

Vistra
 Corporate Services Center 

Wickhams
 Cay II, Road Town 

Tortola, VG 1110, British Virgin Island 
 1,030,916,276 
 60.60 
 
 New Finance Consultants Limited (4) 

957 Road Town 

Tortola, British Virgin Island 
 140,899,285 
 8.28 

(1) 
 Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding. 

(2) 
 Based upon 1,701,181,423 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

(3) 
 Guolin Tao is the indirect beneficial owner of 1,030,916,276 shares of common stock of the Company through Tethys Fountain Limited , of which Guolin Tao is the indirect beneficial owner of 100 of its share capital. 

(4) 
 Sun Ying is the indirect beneficial owner of 140,899,285 shares of common stock of the Company through New Finance Consultants Limited , of which Sun Ying is the indirect beneficial owner of 100 of its share capital. 

Changes in Control 

There are no arrangements known to us, including
any pledge by any person of our securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 

Transactions with Related Parties 

SEC regulations define the related person transactions
that require disclosure to include any transaction, arrangement or relationship in which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000
or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years in which we were or are to be a
participant and in which a related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. A related person is: (i) an executive
officer, director or director nominee, (ii) a beneficial owner of more than 5 of the Company s common stock, (iii) an immediate
family member of an executive officer, director or director nominee or beneficial owner of more than 5 of the Company s common
stock, or (iv) any entity that is owned or controlled by any of the foregoing persons or in which any of the foregoing persons has a substantial
ownership interest or control. 

72 

The following is the list of the related parties
with which we had transactions in the past two years: 

(a) 
 Zhongchuang Boli Technology Co., Ltd. Zhongchuang Boli a company incorporated in the Gansu, PRC. Zhongchuang Boli is wholly owned by a relative of the Company s CEO, Mr. Guolin Tao. 

Described below are certain transactions or series
of transactions between us and certain related persons. 

Related party transaction 

1. 
 
 On January 1, 2023, the PRC subsidiary entered
 into a trademark licensing agreement with Zhongchuang Boli, granting them the right to use the trademark in their business . 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, we had recorded
 sundry income of 8,002 from the aforementioned trademark licensing agreement. 

Procedures for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The Company s Board of Directors is charged
with reviewing and approving all potential related party transactions. We have not adopted other procedures or policy for review, or standards
for approval, of such transactions, but instead review them on a case-by-case basis. Any Related
Party Transaction that is not approved by the non-interested directors prior to its effectiveness or consummation and that is not subsequently
ratified by non-interested directors shall be voidable at the option of the non-interested directors and all persons subject to this principal
shall take all necessary action to unwind any Related Party Transaction voided by the non-interested directors on terms that are fair
to the Company and its shareholders. 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees
and Services. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2023,
the Company s independent public accounting firm is Prager Metis CPAs, LLC PragerMetis . 

Fees Paid to Principal Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

The aggregate fees billed by the Company s Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm, for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows: 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit fees(1) 
 345,000 
 291,534 
 
 Audit related fees(2) 
 55,500 
 52,000 
 
 Tax fees(3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees(4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 400,500 
 343,534 

(1) 
 Audit fees represent fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our quarterly financial statements and those services normally provided in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or engagements including comfort letters, consents and other services related to SEC matters. This information is presented as of the latest practicable date for this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the aggregate fees for PragerMetis related to audit services was 345,000 and 100,000. For the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the aggregate fees for CZD related to audit services was nil and 191,534. 

(2) 
 Audit-related fees represent fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and not reported above under Audit Fees. For the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the aggregate audit-related fees for CZD related was 55,500 and 52,000 

(3) 
 The Company s auditors did not provide us with tax compliance, tax advice or tax planning services. No such fees were incurred during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

(4) 
 All other fees include fees billed by our independent auditors for products or services other than as described in the immediately preceding three categories. No such fees were incurred during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

73 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements and
Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) Financial Statements and Financial Statement
Schedules. 

The following financial statements of Entrepreneur
Universe Bright Group, and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, are included in this report: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 273) 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-6 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

Financial Statement Schedules: All schedules have
been omitted because the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto or because they are not required. 

74 

(b) Exhibits Schedule 

The following exhibits are filed with this Annual
Report: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Report on Form 10 filed with the SEC on June 30, 2021) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation amending number of shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock authorized for issue (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s Report on Form 10 filed with the SEC on June 30, 2021) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the registrant s Report on Form 10 filed with the SEC on June 30, 2021) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation for Name Change (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the registrant s Report on Form 10 filed with the SEC on June 30, 2021) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Bylaws (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the registrant s Report on Form 10 filed with the SEC on June 30, 2021) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of Entrepreneur Universe Bright Group (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 22, 2023) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Report on Form 10 filed with the SEC on June 30, 2021) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Customer Cooperation Agreement (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Report on Form 10A Amendment No. 2 filed with the SEC on October 21, 2021) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Service Agreement, dated October 19, 2019, and Agreement on Dissolution of Contract, dated December 1, 2019, with Xi an Chuangyetianxia Network Technology Co., Ltd. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Report on Form 10/A Amendment No. 2 filed with the SEC on October 21, 2021) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Drop Shipping Cooperation Agreement dated November 19, 2019 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Report on Form 10/A Amendment No. 2 filed with the SEC on October 21, 2021) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Cooperation Agreement with Xi an Chuangyetianxia Network Technology Co., Ltd., dated November 1, 2019 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Report on Form 10/A Amendment No. 2 filed with the SEC on October 21, 2021) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Cooperation Agreement with Xi an Chuangyetianxia Network Technology Co., Ltd., dated November 1, 2019 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant s Report on Form 10/A Amendment No. 2 filed with the SEC on October 21, 2021) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Data Sharing Cooperation Agreement, dated October 28, 2019, and Termination Agreement, dated May 8, 2020, with Xi an Chuangyetianxia Network Technology Co., Ltd. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the registrant s Report on Form 10/A Amendment No. 2 filed with the SEC on October 21, 2021) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated December 1, 2019, with Baiyin Wujin Gorge Culture Communication Co., Ltd. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the registrant s Report on Form 10/A Amendment No. 2 filed with the SEC on October 21, 2021) 

10.8+ 
 
 English
 translation of Employment Agreement between Xi an Yunchuang Space Information Technology Co. Ltd. and Guolin Tao, dated
 November 1, 2022 
 
 10.9+ 
 
 English translation of Employment Agreement between Entrepreneurship World Technology Holding Group Company Limited and Guolin Tao, dated September 1, 2022 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Guolin Tao, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Guolin Tao, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

These
certificates are furnished to, but shall not be deemed to be filed with the SEC. 

+ Management
contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

75 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

Dated: March 28 , 2024 
 Entrepreneur Universe Bright Group 

By: 
 /s/ Guolin Tao 

Name: 
 Guolin Tao 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Guolin Tao 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 28 , 2024 
 
 Guolin Tao 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Jianyong Li 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28 , 2024 
 
 Jianyong Li 

/s/ Lijun Yuan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28 , 2024 
 
 Lijun Yuan 

76 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Entrepreneur Universe Bright Group Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Entrepreneur Universe Bright Group (the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, and related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. March 28, 2024 PCAOB ID Number 273 

F- 2 

ENTREPRENEUR UNIVERSE BRIGHT GROUP 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

(In U.S. dollars except for number of shares) 

2023 
 2022 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivables and prepayments 

Total current assets 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

Plant and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Receipt in advance 
 -

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Tax payables 

Amount due to a director 

Total current liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITY 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 
 -

Total non-current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized, Nil (December 31, 2022: Nil shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized, (December 31, 2022: shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Statutory reserves 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

ENTREPRENEUR UNIVERSE BRIGHT GROUP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

(In U.S. dollars except for number of shares) 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Interest income 

Exchange loss 

Sundry income 

Total other income (expenses), net 

Income before income tax 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Total comprehensive income 

Net income per share - Basic and diluted

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

- Basic and Diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

ENTREPRENEUR UNIVERSE BRIGHT GROUP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

(In U.S. dollars except for number of shares) 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Preferred stock 

Accumulated Other 
 Total 

Number of 
 
 Paid-In 
 Number of 
 
 Statutory 
 Retained 
 Comprehensive 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Reserve 
 Earnings 
 Income 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2022 

-
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

-
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2023 

-
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

ENTREPRENEUR UNIVERSE BRIGHT GROUP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

(In U.S. dollars) 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash generated from operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Other receivables and prepayments 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts payable 
 -

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Tax payables 

Contract liabilities 
 -

Receipt in advance 

Operating lease liabilities 

Net cash generated from (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment 

Loan receivables to unrelated third party 
 -

Repayments from unrelated parties 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows used in financing activities 

Repayment to a director 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Effect of exchange rates on cash 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Income taxes 

Withholding tax paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

ENTREPRENEUR UNIVERSE BRIGHT GROUP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

(In U.S. dollars except for number of shares) 

2. Xian Yunchuang Space Information Technology Co., Ltd. 

3. Xian Yunchuang Space Information Technology Co., Ltd, BaiYin Branch 
 (Deregistered on June 30, 2023) 

COVID-19 

In early January of 2020, a novel coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak took place in Wuhan, China. Subsequently, it has spread rapidly to Asia and other parts of the world.
The COVID-19 outbreak has resulted in widespread economic disruptions in China, as well as stringent government measures by the Chinese
government to contain its transmissions including quarantines, travel restrictions, and temporary closures of non-essential businesses
in China and elsewhere. 

In early December 2022, China announced a nationwide
loosening of its zero-covid policy, and most of the travel restrictions and quarantine requirements were lifted in December 2022. As a
result, there were significant surges of COVID-19 cases in many cities in China from December 2022 to March 2023. However, since then,
the COVID-19 situation has improved significantly in China. Based on the current situation, COVID-19 is relatively stable in China. The
Company does not expect a significant impact on the Company s operations and financial results in the long run. 

F- 7 

of the voting power; or (ii) the Company has the power to appoint or remove
the majority of the members of the board of directors or to cast a majority of votes at the meeting of the board of directors or to govern
the financial and operating policies of the investee pursuant to a statute or under an agreement among the shareholders or equity holders. 

F- 8 

(as at December 31, 2022: ), which have been
classified as cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 9 

Office equipment 

F- 10 

and
 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, from provision of certain consultancy services and sourcing
and marketing services through the program application App platform managed by a related company, Xi an Chuangyetianxia
Network Technology Co., Ltd. Xi an CNT ). Xi an CNT is substantially controlled by Zhongchuang Boli (as described
in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements). 

Sourcing and marketing services 

Digital training related services 
 -

Revenue recognized over time 
 -
 
 -

F- 11 

Revenue recorded on a net basis 

Service fees collected 
 -

Refunded 
 -

Service revenue earned 
 -

Exchange realignment 
 -

Balance at end of year 
 -
 
 -

and for the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

F- 12 

to US 
 
 Income statement and cash flows 
 RMB to US 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

Balance sheet, except for equity accounts 
 RMB to US 
 
 Income statement and cash flows 
 RMB to US 

to USD for both years. 

likely to be realized upon settlement.
In subsequent periods, any interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions will be recognized as a component of income tax expense.
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had not recorded any liability for uncertain tax positions. 

F- 13 

Weighted average number of common stock outstanding 

- basic and diluted

Net income per share 

- basic and diluted

per share 

F- 14 

Office equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation expenses, classified as operating expenses, were 
and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

-

Sundry income was charged at fees agreed by both
parties in accordance with a trademark licensing agreement. 

The amount due to a director as of December 31,
2023 and 2022 are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand. 

F- 15 

Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 -
 
 -

Prepayments 

Salary payable 

Accrued audit fees 

Value-added tax and other taxes payables 

Other accrued expenses 

of the profit for the year of the PRC subsidiary. The aggregate amount allocated to the reserves will be limited
to of registered capital for certain subsidiaries. Statutory reserve can be used for expanding the capital base of the PRC subsidiary
by means of capitalization issue. 

In addition, as a result of the relevant PRC laws
and regulations which impose restriction on distribution or transfer of assets out of the PRC statutory reserve, representing
the PRC statutory reserve of the subsidiary as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, are also considered under restriction for distribution. 

No additional statutory reserves is recorded in
December 31, 2023 because the aggregate amount of profits allocated to the reserves has reached of registered capital of the PRC subsidiary. 

F- 16 

of the estimated assessable profit for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

The subsidiary incorporated in mainland China
is governed by the Income Tax Law of the PRC concerning foreign invested enterprises and foreign enterprises and various local income
tax laws (the Income Tax Laws), and are subject to tax rate throughout the periods presented. 

Under the PRC EIT law, withholding income tax,
normally at a rate of , is imposed on dividend paid by PRC entities out of its profits earned since January 1, 2008 to its overseas
investors (including Hong Kong investors). Deferred taxation on the undistributed profits of the PRC subsidiaries has been provided in
the consolidated financial statements to the extent that in the opinion of the directors such profits will be distributed in the foreseeable
future. Total undistributed profits of the Company s PRC subsidiary at December 31, 2023 and 2022 were and ,
respectively. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized deferred tax liabilities of and , respectively, in
respect of the undistributed profits. 

Deferred tax 

Hong Kong 

China 

Total 

Statutory income tax rate 

Income tax credit computed at statutory income tax rate 

Reconciling items: 

Non-deductible expenses 

Rate differential in different tax jurisdictions 

Deferred tax provided on dividends withholding tax of PRC subsidiaries 

Tax paid (over-provision) for prior year 

Income tax expense 

Deductible temporarily difference arising from other payable 

Less: Net off with deferred tax liabilities for financial reporting purposes 

Net total deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Undistributed profits of a PRC subsidiary 

Less: Net off with deferred tax assets for financial reporting purposes 

Net total deferred tax liabilities 

F- 17 

(RMB per month. 

Total lease expense 

2025 

2026 
 -

Thereafter 
 -

Total undiscounted cash flows 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Weighted-average discount rate ) 

F- 18 

or more of net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022: 

or more of net accounts receivable as of December 31, 2023 and 2022: 

Customer B 

of net revenue for the respective period. 

For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
the Company derived services revenues of and through the APP platform managed by a related company Xi an
CNT, represented and of our total revenue.Xi an CNT is substantially controlled by Zhongchuang Boli (as described in Note
4 to the consolidated financial statements). 

or more of cost of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022: 

There was no service vendor that individually
comprised or more of accounts payable as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. 

F- 19 

and
 of the Company s cash and cash equivalents, respectively were held at financial institutions and online payment platforms
located in the PRC and Hong Kong that management believes to be of high credit quality. The Company has not experienced any losses on
cash and cash equivalents to date. 

As at December 31, 2023, the Company held cash
of deposited in financial institutions located in Mainland China, and each bank account is insured by the government authority
with the maximum limit of RMB (equivalent to ). The Company also held cash of deposited in financial institutions
located in Hong Kong, and each bank account is insured by the government authority with the maximum limit of HKD500,000 (equivalent to). In addition, the Company held cash of in accounts managed by online payment platforms such as Alipay and WeChat Pay which
are not insured by Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or other insurance. To limit exposure to credit risk relating to deposits held
in bank accounts in Mainland China and Hong Kong excess the government insured limits, the Company primarily place cash and cash equivalent
deposits with large financial institutions, which management believes are of high credit quality and the Company also continually monitors
their credit worthiness. 

The Company operates principally in the PRC and
grants credit to its customers in this geographic region. Although the PRC is economically stable, it is always possible that unanticipated
events in foreign countries could disrupt the Company s operations. 

F-20 

<EX-10.8>
 2
 ea020216301ex10-8_entrep.htm
 ENGLISH TRANSLATION OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN XI'AN YUNCHUANG SPACE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY CO. LTD. AND GUOLIN TAO, DATED NOVEMBER 1,2022

Exhibit 10.8 

English
Translation of Employment Contract 

Number: -- 

Employment
Contract 

Continued) 

Xi an
Yunchuang Space Information Technology Co. Ltd. 

November
1, 2022 

According
to the Labor Law of the People s Republic of China, the Labor Contract Law of the People s Republic of China, and other laws, regulations
and policies, and adhering to the principles of equality, voluntariness and mutual agreement, Party A and Party B hereby enter into this
Contract and agree to jointly comply with the terms listed herein. 

I.
Basic Information of the Parties 

Article
 I Party A: Xi an Yunchuang Space Information Technology Co., Ltd. 

Legal
Representative (Chief Officer) or Authorized Representative: Li Jianyong 

Registered
Address: Suite 907, Saigao City Plaza Building 2, No.170 Weiyang Road, Xi an 

Article
 II Party B: Tao Guolin Sex: Male Tel: 

Household
Registration Type (Non-agricultural/Agricultural) : Non-agricultural 

ID
Card Number: 

Or other valid certificates : 
 / Number:
 / 

Commencement
time of employment at Party A: October 19, 2019 

Home
Address: 

Postal
Code: 710000 

Current
Residential : 

Postal
Code: 710000 

Registered
Permanent Residence : 

Emergency
Contact Tel: / 

2 

II.
Warranty 

Article
III Party A hereby warrants the followings to Party B: 

1.
Party A is an independent corporation incorporated and legally existing in accordance with the laws and regulations (hereinafter referred
to as the laws and regulations of the People s Republic of China (hereinafter referred to as China ). 

2.
Party A may conduct business activities in China pursuant to the provisions of the laws and regulations. 

3.
Party A may sign the Contract with Party B legally pursuant to the provisions of the laws and regulations. 

Article
IV Party B hereby warrants the followings to Party A: 

1.
When signing the Contract, Party B is not engaged in any labor relationship with any third party. If Party B is engaged in any labor
relationship with any third party before signing the Contract, the third party shall have canceled or terminated all the labor relationships
with any other third party, and finished all the dismissal formalities for Party B to sign the Contract with Party A. 

2.
During the contract signing and contract implementation, Party B shall not undertake any business in competitive relation with Party
A in one s own name(hereinafter referred to as competitive business ), sponsor any competitive business or
participate in competitive business in any paid or cost-free modes. If Party B engages in any business competing with Party A during
the contract signing and contract implementation, Party B shall pay Party A the liquidated damages in the amount of /

3.
Party B does not violate any restriction on competition or any obligation of confidentiality with third party during the signing or
implementation hereof, or undergo any situation that constitutes law violation prescribed in the laws and regulations. 

3 

4.
The resume and work experience, health report, diploma certification, qualification, residence and household registration
information related to the Contract and provided by Party B for Party A is genuine and complete, free of any forgery or
falsification, with no other important information affecting the signing hereof concealed or omitted. The photocopy of the
aforementioned certification documents shall serve as the attachments to the Contract after signed by Party B for
confirmation. 

5.
Party B does not undergo reeducation through labor, criminal penalty or major administrative penalty before signing the
Contract. 

6.
Party B does not suffer from any health problems that affect or may affect the performance of the Contract when signing the
Contract. 

The
terms above shall constitute essential (but insufficient) conditions for the admission of Party B. If Party B is found to violate
any terms above after admitted (including the probation period), Party A shall be entitled to cancel the labor relationship with
Party B at any time without paying Party B any indemnity or compensation for the reason of failing to meet admission
conditions . 

Article
V If any party breaches any term of Article III and Article IV hereof, the other party may cancel the Contract at any time, and the
breaching party shall compensate the other party for all the losses arising therefrom. 

III.
Term of Labor Contract 

Article
VI Contract Term 

The
Parties hereby agree to determine the contract term in the 1 
mode below: 

1.
Fixed Term: From November 1, 2022 to October 31, 2027. 

4 

2.
 Unfixed Term: From ___ / ___ (MM/DD/YY) until the date when statutory termination condition appears. 

3.
Term for the completion of certain job: From / (MM/DD/YY) to the time of completion of / indicated by / . 

IV.
Work Duties and Workplace 

Article
VII Party B shall undertake the tasks based on the following conditions. 

l.
Attributed department: Presidents Office 

2.
Type of post and position: Senior Advisor 

3.
Work duties and duty description (refer to relevant post duties, codes and rules for details): 

Refer
to job description 

Article VIll Party
B shall meet the following job requirements when taking the post prescribed in the preceding article: 

1.
Healthy and no bad habits 

2.
Honest, Sincere, and compliant with the company provisions. 

3.
Provide genuine and complete background information, meet recruitment conditions, hold excellent work competence, and meeting
Party A s requirements for work performance. 

Article IX Party
B hereby acknowledges and confirms that Party A may adjust the workplace, post, department, work position and work tasks of the
employee according to the business strategy or organizational framework due to the particularity of Party A s industry and the post
applied for by Party B. The Parties hereby acknowledge: Party A shall be entitled to adjust the workplace, post, department, work
position and work tasks of Party B according to the business needs and Party B s condition. Such adjustment shall not be deemed as
unilateral change of the labor contract, and shall not be applicable to the provision of amendment to the labor contract 
in relevant laws, including Labor Contract Law of the People s Republic of China.
Party B shall be willing to accept and follow the instruction, and shall not require the employer to pay economic compensation or
indemnity for the reason of illegal cancellation of labor contract on this basis. 

In
principle, the work remuneration shall be adjusted with the consensus reached through negotiations, unless: 

1.
Party A undergoes any changes due to the needs of production and business service, business adjustment and organization setup,
and thus transfers the job tasks of Party B without reducing the remuneration prescribed herein, which shall be accepted by Party B; 

2. Party B cannot meet the indicators of production service, work quality, and production due to skills or physical condition, and
is incompetent for the job, and Party A transfers the post of Party B and changes the prescribed remuneration, which shall be accepted
by Party B. 

3.
If Party B fails to report to work at the prescribed time after post transfer, it shall be deemed as absenteeism. If Party B is
absent for consecutive 3 months, Party A shall be entitled to unilaterally cancel the labor contract without paying Party B any
compensation or indemnity. When the notice of labor contract cancellation is delivered to the address of Party B, the labor contract
shall be canceled. 

5 

V.
Working Time, Rest and Holidays 

Article
X Party A shall arrange Standard hour day working system for Party B. 

If
standard working system is applicable, Party A shall arrange no more than eight-hour working time per day and averagely no more than
forty-hour working time per week for Party B.Party B shall at least guarantee one-day rest per week for Party B. Party A may extend
the working time normally for no more than one hour per day after agreeing with Party B through negotiation due to the work needs.
If the working time should be extended for special reason, the working time shall be extended for no more than three hours per day
and no more than thirty-six hours per month under the premise that physical health of Party B is guaranteed. If combined working
hour system is applicable, the average daily working time and average weekly working time shall not exceed the stah1tory standard
working time. If flexible working hour system is applicable, Party B shall arrange the working time and rest time by oneself under
the premise of guaranteeing the completion of Party A s work tasks. 

Article
XI The holiday system of Party A for Party B shall be subject to Attendance Management Regulations, Party B
shall finish the job duties during normal working hours. If the working time is extended for personal reason, it shall not be deemed
as overtime work. Party B shall fill in application form of overtime work in advance, and get it signed and approved by the company
leader. Or the written notice of Party A requires the extension of working time, which shall be deemed as overtime work that will
provide overtime benefits for Party B. 

VI.
Labor Remuneration 

Article
XII The salary of Party A shall be paid in the principle of distribution according to work. Party A shall be entitled to autonomously
determine the salary distribution mode and salary level of the company according to the economic effectiveness of the company. 

Article
XIII Party A shall pay Party B s salary of previous months in monetary form on the 10th day every month in accordance
with the company s wage regulations, and the monthly salary payment standard shall be: 100, 000. Party B s salary during the probationary
period is / (RMB)
(the salary during the probationary period shall not be less than 80 of the salary after regularization). In the case of holidays or
rest days, the payment should be made in advance to the nearest working day. If it is due to special reasons such as force majeure or
market reasons, the salary may be postponed. 

6 

Article
XIV Other provisions of the Parties on the salary:Party A may correspondingly increase or reduce the salary according to the adjustment
of Party B s post, and the contribution of Party B. If the work tasks of Party A are insufficient to keep Party B awaiting job assignment,
Party A shall pay Party B the job awaiting salary in the minimum wage standard of the employment location from the next month from the
situation occurrence. During job assignment awaiting period, Party B shall fulfill other corresponding obligations prescribed herein. 

VII.
Insurance Benefits 

Article
XV The Parties shall pay employee endowment , unemployment, major disease medical planning and other social insurance fees in accordance
with the regulations of state government and the government of the work place. Party A shall handle relevant social insurance formality
for Party B. After the Parties cancel or terminate the labor contract, the social insurance shall be transferred in accordance with relevant
provisions. 

Article
XVI If Party B asks for leave of absence, Party A shall not pay the salary for the period of leave of absence. 

Article
XVII Party B may enjoy the benefits provided by Party A in the contract term. The contract shall be renewed after the expiry. If
the contract is not renewed, Party A shall not bear the insurance fees or provide the benefits. 

7 

V.Labor
Protection, Labor Conditions and Occupational Hazard Protection 

Article
XVIII Party A shall establish work safety system in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations; Party B shall strictly
comply with work safety system of Party A, prevent operation against rules and accident during work, and reduce occupational hazard. 

Article
XIX Party B shall strictly comply with the labor rules formulated by Party A. Party A shall not undertake the compensation responsibility
for the property loss or personal injury of Party B due to Party B s violation of labor rules; if the violation of labor rules causes
the suspension of Party A s production/business or equipment/product damage, property loss or goodwill loss due to product nonconformity,
Party B shall compensate Party A for the losses arising therefrom. 

IX.
Cancellation, Termination and Economic Compensation of Labor Contract 

Article
XX If the laws, administrative regulations, codes and rules governing the conclusion of the Contract change, corresponding contents
of the Contract shall be revised. 

Article
XXI If any of the termination conditions prescribed in Labor Contract Law appears, the labor Contract shall be terminated. 

1.
If Party B seriously violates labor discipline or Employee Manual of the company, Party A shall be entitled to cancel the labor
contract at any time without paying any compensation and indemnity. 

2.
If Party B severely misconducts in office, fails to observe the work safety discipline of the company, conducts the corruption and thus
leads to company losses, Party A shall be entitled to cancel the labor contract at any time without paying any compensation and indemnity. 

8 

3. If
Party B undergoes other situation requiring the labor contract cancellation according to the provisions of other codes and rules of Party
A, Party A shall be entitled to cancel the labor contract at any time without paying any compensation and indemnity. 

Article
XXII The Contract may be cancelled by the Parties with the consensus reached through negotiations. 

Article
XXII Party A shall issue the certification of labor contract cancellation or termination when canceling or terminating the Contract,
and deal with the archive and social insurance transfer formality for Party B. 

Article
XXIV Party B shall handle the work handover in accordance with the agreement between the Parties 

X.
Other Provisions between the Parties 

Article
XXV 

1.
The codes and rules of Party A (including but not limited to Employee Manual, Attendance Management Regulations, notices and
management regulations issued by the company, and post
duties, etc.) shall serve as the main attachments to the Contract, and have equal force with the contract articles. Party B
shall agree and voluntarily comply with all the articles and work discipline prescribed in Employee Manual and Attendance Management
Regulations of Party A, and agree that Party A will reserve the right to revise Employee Manual according to national policy, laws
and regulations, business environment, and enterprise condition. 

2.
Party B hereby acknowledges and agrees that the payment of individual income tax is the statutory obligation of Party B, the labor
remuneration stated in Article XIII herein shall be the pre-tax
remuneration, and Party A shall withhold and remit such tax in accordance with the regulations of tax authority. 

3.
Party B hereby acknowledges and agrees that Party B may be dispatched to Party A s projects throughout the country for a long
time due to the assignment to different project. 

4.
Any Labor Contract signed between the Parties before the Contract comes into effect shall automatically become in effective on
the signing date of the Contract. In case the provisions of relevant agreements signed previously are inconsistent with the Contract,
the Contract shall prevail. 

5.
Party B hereby acknowledges and agrees: If Party B undertakes malpractice, embezzles company fund, receives bribe, encroaches
on the company property, fails to fulfill the duty of loyalty for the company through taking advantage of the powers or the work convenience,
all the illegal income and earnings of Party B shall be confiscated, and the claim and the recovery amount shall be determined practically
according to actual situation. In very serious situation, the case shall be reported to judiciary authority to hold Party B accountable
for legal responsibility 

6.
Party B hereby acknowledges that if relevant document of Party A cannot be directly delivered to Party B(including but not limited
to rejection by Party B, or document missing, etc.), the address stated by Party B in the Contract shall serve as the service
address for Party A. The service to the postal address by Party A shall be deemed as Party B s receipt of the document an acknowledgement
of the document contents. 

7.
Party B hereby agrees that if Party B faces contact problem(including but not limited to Party B s hospitalization or loss of
personal liberty), Party B hereby entrusts the Emergency Contact first above written as the sole authorized person of Party
B. The acceptance of reconciliation and mediation, collection on behalf, and signing for relevant documents by such authorized person
shall be deemed as the act of Party B. 

9 

8.
If Party A adjusts the salary of Party B, transfers or promotes the post of Party B internally, such change shall automatically
become part of the Contact other than a new contract. The articles and terms of the Contract shall remain applicable to Party B. 

9.
Party B must strictly comply with attendance check system of Party A, and follow the leave policy of Party A for sick leave,
leave of absence and holiday. If Party B does not come to work as prescribed, it shall be deemed as absenteeism. The absenteeism for
consecutive three days or accumulative five days in a month shall be deemed as serious violation of labor discipline, and Party A
shall be entitled to unilaterally cancel the labor relationship with Party B. Party A shall deliver Notice of Labor Contract
Cancellation to the address of Party B. The date of notice posting shall be deemed as the date of Party B s voluntary
cancellation of labor contract with Party A. Party B shall agree that Party A may calculate and pay the outstanding labor
remuneration of Party B. 

10.
When Party A handles social insurance and relevant affairs for Party B, Party B shall prepare the documents according to the
requirements of human resources administrative department and guarantee the authenticity and validity of the documents. Otherwise,
Party B shall be responsible for any related problems caused by Party B and all the losses, and shall not claim any compensation
from Party A in any form. 

11.
Party B hereby undertakes that the documents submitted to Party A (including but not limited to education, work experience, family
background, and physical health condition, etc.)shall be genuine and accurate, free of falsification and deception.
Otherwise, Party A shall be entitled to immediately cancel the labor contract with Party B once finding such falsification and
deception. 

12.
Party A may dispatch Party B for external training due to work needs in the contract term. The Parties shall sign Training
Agreement, of which the specific provisions shall be subject to Training Regulations of the company and detailed rules of Training
Agreement. 

13.
Party B shall keep business secrets of Party A. 

10 

14.
Without the written instruction or written permission of Party A, Party B shall not independently undertake or operate the company or
other business competing with the company within its business scope for others; whether for a long time or temporarily,
Party B shall not be the senior executive of other company, institution, economic organization or unit, such as director, supervisor,
and general manager, or employee (including the labor relationship through signing written labor contract, or factual labor relationship
or service relationship) 

15.
If the Parties further prescribe the matters not covered herein, such prescription shall prevail;
if the Parties do not prescribe, the laws, regulations, codes and rules shall prevail. 

XI.
Labor Dispute Treatment and Miscellaneous 

Article
XXVI If Party B holds that Party A infringes the legal rights and interests of Party B, Party B may suggest Party A or report to
trade union of Party A to seek solution. If it cannot be resolved, Party B may complain to the nearby human resources administrative
department. In case of dispute between the Parties related to the performance of the Contract, the Parties shall first resolve through
negotiation; if the negotiations fail, Party B may apply for mediation in the labor dispute mediation committee in the locality of Party
A within 30 days from the occurrence date of dispute. 

Party
B shall not claim the right by extreme means during the negotiation period, such as confrontational means (including but not
limited to unapproved strike, sit-down, demonstration, and disturbance of Party A s normal work). If Party B breaches this
regulation, Party B shall undertake the compensation responsibility for Party A. 

Article
XXVII Party B hereby states and undertakes: Before s1gnmg the Contract, Party A has notified Party B of all the codes and rules
of the company and presented to Party B. Party B hereby acknowledges and is well informed the aforementioned information, and has no
doubt. Party B has carefully read, confirmed and agreed to comply with the codes and rules of Party A. 

11 

I
have carefully read the contract articles, acknowledged and read Employee Manual of Party A, the codes and rules mentioned, and agreed
to observe. I also undertake that I am not engaged in labor contract relationship with any organization when signing the Contract. The
Parties hold that the Contract is concluded based on the true intent of the Parties, and the provision on any format articles shall not
be applicable. 

Article
XXVIII If the Contract conflicts with future national and local government regulations with regard to the matters not covered herein,
relevant regulations shall prevail. 

Article
XXIX The Contract is made in duplicate, with each party holding one. 

(End
of Contract. The remainder of the page is intentionally left blank) 

(The
page serves as the signing page. If the page is affixed with the seal and signed, it shall be deemed as such party s agreement on all
the contents of the Contract) 

12 

Party A (Seal) 
 Party B (Seal) 

Legal Representative (Signature) 

Or Authorized Representative 
 Date of Signing:10/19/2022 

13 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 3
 ea020216301ex10-9_entrep.htm
 ENGLISH TRANSLATION OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN ENTREPRENEURSHIP WORLD TECHNOLOGY HOLDING GROUP COMPANY LIMITED AND GUOLIN TAO, DATED SEPTEMBER 1, 2022

Exhibit 10.9 

English Translation of Employment Contract 

Employment
Contract 

ENTREPRENEURSHIP WORLD TECHNOLOGY
HOLDING 

GROUP CO LTD 

September 1, 2022 

According
to the Labor Law of the People s Republic of China, the Labor Contract Law of the People s Republic of China, and other laws, regulations
and policies, and adhering to the principles of equality, voluntariness and mutual agreement, Party A and Party B hereby enter into this
Contract and agree to jointly comply with the terms listed herein. 

I. Basic Information of the Parties 

Article
 I Party A: ENTREPRENEURSHIP WORLD TECHNOLOGY HOLDING GROUP CO LTD 

Legal Representative (Chief Officer) or Authorized Representative:
 Li Jianyong 

Registered Address: Room 1003, 10th
Floor, Tower 1, Lippo Centre, 89 Oueensway,
Admiralty, Hong Kong 

Article II Party B: Tao Guolin 
 Sex: Male 
 Tel: 

Household Registration Type (Non-agricultural/Agricultural)
: Non-agricultural 

ID Card Number: 

Or other valid certificates : / 
 Number: / 

Commencement time of employment at Party A: September
1, 2022 

Home Address: 

Postal Code: 710000 

Current Residential: 

Postal Code: 710000 

Registered Permanent Residence : 

Emergency Contact 
Tel: / 

2 

II. Warranty 

Article III Party A hereby warrants
the followings to Party B: 

1.
Party A is an independent corporation incorporated and legally existing in accordance with the laws and regulations (hereinafter
referred to as the laws and regulations of the People s Republic of China (hereinafter referred to as China .. 

2.
Party A may conduct business activities in China pursuant to the provisions of the laws and regulations. 

3.
Party A may sign the Contract with Party B legally pursuant to the provisions of the laws and regulations. 

Article IV Party B hereby warrants
the followings to Party A: 

1. When
signing the Contract, Party B is not engaged in any labor relationship with any third party. If Party B is engaged in any labor relationship
with any third party before signing the Contract, the third party shall have canceled or terminated all the labor relationships with any
other third party, and finished all the dismissal formalities for Party B to sign the Contract with Party A. 

2. During the contract
signing and contract implementation, Party B shall not undertake any business in competitive relation with Party A in one s own name
(hereinafter referred to as competitive business , sponsor any competitive business or participate in competitive business
in any paid or cost-free modes. If Party B engages in any business competing with Party A during the contract signing and contract implementation,
Party B shall pay Party A the liquidated damages in the amount of / 

3.
Party B does not violate any restriction on competition or any obligation of confidentiality with third party during the signing or implementation
hereof, or undergo any situation that constitutes law violation prescribed in the laws and regulations. 

3 

4. The
resume and work experience, health report, diploma certification, qualification, residence and household registration information related
to the Contract and provided by Party B for Party A is genuine and complete, free of any forgery or falsification, with no other important
information affecting the signing hereof concealed or omitted. The photocopy of the aforementioned certification documents shall serve
as the attachments to the Contract after signed by Party B for confirmation. 

5.
Party B does not undergo reeducation through labor, criminal penalty or major administrative penalty before signing the Contract. 

6.
Party B does not suffer from any health problems that affect or may affect the performance of the Contract when signing the Contract. 

The terms
above shall constitute essential (but insufficient) conditions for the admission of Party B. If
 Party B is found to violate any terms above after admitted (including the probation period), Party A shall be entitled to cancel
the labor relationship with Party B at any time without paying Party B any indemnity or compensation for the reason of failing to
meet admission conditions . 

Article
V If any party breaches any term of Article III and Article IV hereof, the other party may cancel the Contract at any time,
and the breaching party shall compensate the other party for all the losses arising therefrom. 

III. Term of Labor Contract 

Article VI Contract Term 

The Parties hereby agree to determine
the contract term in the 1 mode below: 

l. Fixed Term: From September 1,
 2022 to August 31, 2025 . 

4 

2. Unfixed
Term: From
 / (MM/DD/YY) until the date when statutory termination condition appears. 

3. Term
for the completion of certain job: From / 
 (MM/DD/YY) to the time of completion of / 
 indicated by / . 

Probation Period 

The Parties hereby agree
to determine the probation period (included in the contract term) in the 1 mode
below; 

1. No probation period 

2. The
probation period shall be from / (MM/DD/YY) to / 
(MM/DD/YY . If the arrival date is
inconsistent with the prescribed arrival date for probation period (internship period), the probation period (internship period)
shall be accordingly advanced or postponed. 

3. Party
B shall strictly comply with the codes and rules of Party A, accomplish the hob duties and
meet the requirements of assessment indicators during the probation period. Party A shall assess the work of Party B prior to the
expiry of Party B s probation period. If Party B fails the assessment, and thus is deemed as failing to meet the admission
conditions of Party A, or if Party B meets the admission conditions of Party A but undergoes other situation prescribed in Labor
Contract Law for the cancellation of labor contract, Party A shall be entitled to cancel the labor contract between the Parties
during the probation period; Party A may extend the probation period as appropriate according to specific performance of Party B
during the probation period. 

IV. Work Duties
and Workplace 

Article VII Party B shall undertake the tasks based on
the following conditions. 

1 . Attributed
department: General Manager Office 

2. Type of post and
position: Chief Financial Officer 

5 

3.
Work duties and duty description (refer to relevant post duties, codes and rules for details): 

Refer to job description 

Article VIll Party
B shall meet the following job requirements when taking the post prescribed in the preceding article: 

1. Healthy and no bad
habits 

2. Honest, Sincere,
and compliant with the company provisions. 

3. Provide genuine and
complete background information, meet recruitment conditions, hold excellent work competence, and meeting Party A s requirements
for work performance. 

Article
IX Party B hereby acknowledges and confirms that Party A may adjust the workplace, post, department, work position and
work tasks of the employee according to the business strategy or organizational framework due to the particularity of Party
A s industry and the post applied for by Party B. The Parties hereby acknowledge: Party A shall be entitled to adjust the
workplace, post, department, work position and work tasks of Party B according to the business needs and Party B s condition.
Such adjustment shall not be deemed as unilateral change of the labor contract, and shall not be applicable to the provision of
 amendment to the labor contract in relevant laws, including Labor Contract Law of the People s Republic of
China. Party B shall be willing to accept and follow the instruction, and shall not require the employer to pay economic
compensation or indemnity for the reason of illegal cancellation of labor contract on this basis. 

In principle, the work remuneration shall be
adjusted with the consensus reached through negotiations, unless: 

1. Party A undergoes any changes due to the needs
of production and business service, business adjustment and organization setup, and thus transfers the job tasks of Party B without reducing
the remuneration prescribed herein, which shall be accepted by Party B; 

6 

2. Party B cannot meet the indicators of
production service, work quality, and production due to skills or physical condition, and is incompetent for the job, and Party A
transfers the post of Party Band changes the prescribed remuneration, which shall be accepted by Party B. 3.If Party B fails to
report to work at the prescribed time after post transfer, it shall be deemed as absenteeism. If Party B is absent for consecutive 3
months, Party A shall be entitled to unilaterally cancel the labor contract without paying Party B any compensation or
indemnity. When the notice of labor contract cancellation is delivered to the address of Party B, the labor contract shall be
canceled. 

V.
 Working Time, Rest and Holidays 

Article X 
Party A shall arrange 8 hour day working system for Party B. 

If standard
working system is applicable, Party A shall arrange no more than eight-hour working time per day and averagely no more than
forty-hour working time per week for Party B. Party B shall at least guarantee one-day rest per week for Party B. Party A may extend
the working time normally for no more than one hour per day after agreeing with Party B through negotiation due to the work needs. If the
working time should be extended for special reason, the working time shall be extended for no more than three hours per day and no
more than thirty-six hours per month under the premise that physical health of Party B is guaranteed. If combined working hour
system is applicable, the average daily working time and average weekly working time shall not exceed the statutory standard working
time. If flexible working hour system is applicable, Party B shall arrange the working time and rest time by oneself under the
premise of guaranteeing the completion of Party A s work tasks. 

Article XI The
holiday system of Party A for Party B shall be subject to Attendance Management Regulations, Party B shall finish the job
duties during normal working hours. If the working time is extended for personal reason, it shall not be deemed as overtime work.
Party B shall fill in application form of overtime work in advance, and get it signed and approved by the company leader. Or the
written notice of Party A requires the extension of working time, which shall be deemed as overtime work that will provide overtime
benefits for Party B. 

7 

VI.
 Labor Remuneration 

Article
XII The salary of Party A shall be paid in the principle of distribution according to work. Party A shall be entitled to autonomously
determine the salary distribution mode and salary level of the company according to the economic effectiveness of the company. 

Article
XIII Party A shall pay Party B s salary in monetary form on an annual basis in accordance with the company s wage regulations,
and the monthly salary payment standard is: 100,000 (Hong Kong dollar). Party B s salary during the probationary period
is / (RMB) (the salary during the probationary
period shall not be less than 80 of the salary after regularization). In the case of holidays or rest days, the payment should be made
in advance to the nearest working day. If it is due to special reasons such as force majeure or market reasons, the salary may be postponed. 

Article
XIV Other provisions of the Parties on the salary: Party A may correspondingly increase or reduce the salary according to the adjustment
of Party B s post, and the contribution of Party B. If the work tasks of Party A are insufficient to keep Party B awaiting job assignment,
Party A shall pay Party B the job awaiting salary in the minimum wage standard of the employment location from the next month from the
situation occurrence. During job assignment awaiting period, Party B shall fulfill other corresponding obligations prescribed herein. 

8 

VII. Insurance
Benefits 

Article
XV The Parties shall pay employee endowment, unemployment, major disease medical planning and other social insurance fees
in accordance with the regulations of state government and the government of the work place. Party A shall handle relevant social
insurance formality for Party B. After the Parties cancel or terminate the labor contract, the social insurance shall be transferred
in accordance with relevant provisions. 

Article
XVI If Party B asks for leave of absence, Party A shall not pay the salary for the period of leave of absence. 

Article
XVII Party B may enjoy the benefits provided by Party A in the contract term. The contract shall be renewed after the expiry.
If the contract is not renewed, Party A shall not bear the insurance fees or provide the benefits. 

V. Labor
Protection, Labor Conditions and Occupational Hazard Protection 

Article
XVIII Party A shall establish work safety system in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations; Party B shall strictly
comply with work safety system of Party A, prevent operation against rules and accident during work, and reduce occupational hazard. 

Article
XIX Party B shall strictly comply with the labor rules formulated by Party A. Party A shall not undertake the compensation
responsibility for the property loss or personal injury of Party B due to Party B s violation of labor rules; if the violation of labor
rules causes the suspension of Party A s production/business or equipment /product damage, property loss or goodwill loss due to product
nonconformity, Party B shall compensate Party A for the losses arising therefrom. 

9 

IX.
 Cancellation, Termination and Economic Compensation of Labor Contract 

Article
XX If the laws, administrative regulations, codes and rules
governing the conclusion of the Contract change, corresponding contents of the Contract shall be revised. 

Article
XXI If any of the termination conditions prescribed in Labor
Contract Law appears, the labor Contract shall be terminated. 

1.
If Party B seriously violates labor discipline or Employee Manual of the company, Party A shall be entitled to cancel the labor contract
at any time without paying any compensation and indemnity. 

2.
If Party B severely misconducts in office, fails to observe the work safety discipline of the company, conducts the corruption and
thus leads to company losses, Party A shall be entitled to cancel the labor contract at any time without paying any compensation and
indemnity. 

3.
If Party B undergoes other situation requiring the labor contract cancellation according to the provisions of other codes and rules of
Party A, Party A shall be entitled to cancel the labor contract at any time without paying any compensation and indemnity. 

Article
XXII The Contract may be canceled by the Parties with the consensus reached through negotiations. 

Article
XXII Party A shall issue the certification of labor contract cancellation or termination when canceling or terminating
the Contract, and deal with the archive and social insurance transfer formality for Party B. 

Article
XXIV Party B shall handle the work handover in accordance with the agreement between the Parties 

10 

X.
 Other Provisions between the Parties 

Article XXV 

1. The codes and rules
of Party A(including but not limited to Employee Manual, Attendance Management Regulations, notices and management regulations
issued by the company, and post duties, etc.) shall serve as the main attachments to the Contract, and have equal force with the
contract articles. Party B shall agree and voluntarily comply with all the articles and work discipline prescribed in Employee
Manual and Attendance Management Regulations of Party A, and agree that Party A will reserve the right to revise Employee Manual
according to national policy, laws and regulations, business environment, and enterprise condition. 

2.
Party B hereby acknowledges and agrees that the payment of individual income tax is the statutory obligation of Party B, the labor
remuneration stated in Article XIII herein shall be the pre-tax remuneration, and Party A shall withhold and remit such tax in
accordance with the regulations of tax authority. 

3.
Party B hereby acknowledges and agrees that Party B may be dispatched to Party A s projects throughout the country for a long
time due to the assignment to different project. 

4.
Any Labor Contract signed between the Parties before the Contract comes into effect shall automatically become in effective on the
signing date of the Contract. In case the provisions of relevant agreements signed previously are inconsistent with the Contract,
the Contract shall prevail. 

5.
Party B hereby acknowledges and agrees: If Party B undertakes malpractice, embezzles company fund, receives bribe, encroaches on the
company property, fails to fulfill the duty of loyalty for the company through taking advantage of the powers or the work convenience,
all the illegal income and earnings of Party B shall be confiscated, and the claim and the recovery amount shall be determined practically
according to actual situation. In very serious situation, the case shall be reported to judiciary authority to hold Party B accountable
for legal responsibility 

6. Party
B hereby acknowledges that if relevant document of Party A cannot be directly delivered to Party B (including but not limited to
rejection by Party B, or document missing, etc.), the address stated by Party B in the Contract shall serve as the service address
for Party A. The service to the postal address by Party A shall be deemed as Party B s receipt of the document an
acknowledgement of the document contents. 

7.
Party B hereby agrees that if Party B faces contact problem(including but not limited to Party B s hospitalization or loss of
personal liberty), Party B hereby entrusts the Emergency Contact first above written as the sole authorized person of
Party B. The acceptance of reconciliation and mediation, collection on behalf, and signing for relevant documents by such authorized
person shall be deemed as the act of Party B. 

8. If
Party A adjusts the salary of Party B, transfers or promotes the post of Party B internally, such change shall automatically become
part of the Contact other than a new contract. The articles and terms of the Contract shall remain applicable to Party B. 

9.
Party B must strictly comply with attendance check system of Party A, and follow the leave policy of Party A for sick leave, leave of
absence and holiday. If Party B does not come to work as prescribed, it shall be deemed as absenteeism. The absenteeism for consecutive
three days or accumulative five days in a month shall be deemed as serious violation of labor discipline, and Party A shall be entitled
to unilaterally cancel the labor relationship with Party B. Party A shall deliver Notice of Labor Contract Cancellation to the address
of Party B. The date of notice posting shall be deemed as the date of Party B's voluntary cancellation of labor contract with Party A.
Party B shall agree that Party A may calculate and pay the outstanding labor remuneration of Party B. 

11 

10.
When Party A handles social insurance and relevant affairs for Party B, Party B shall prepare the documents according to the
requirements of human resources administrative department and guarantee the authenticity and validity of the documents. Otherwise,
Party B shall be responsible for any related problems caused by Party B and all the losses, and shall not claim any compensation
from Party A in any form. 

11. Party B hereby undertakes that the documents
submitted to Party A(including but not limited to education, work experience, family background, and physical health condition,
etc.) shall be genuine and accurate, free of falsification and deception. Otherwise, Party A shall be entitled to immediately cancel
the labor contract with Party B once finding such falsification and deception. 

12.
Party A may dispatch Party B for external training due to work needs in the contract term. The Parties shall sign Training
Agreement, of which the specific provisions shall be subject to Training Regulations of the company and detailed rules of Training
Agreement. 

13.
Party B shall keep business secrets of Party A. 

14.
Without the written instruction or written permission of Party A, Party B shall not independently undertake or operate the company
or other business competing with the company within its business scope for others ;whether for a long time or temporarily, Party B
shall not be the senior executive of other company, institution, economic organization or unit, such as director, supervisor, and
general manager, or employee (including the labor relationship through signing written labor contract, or factual labor relationship
or service relationship) 

15. If the
Parties further prescribe the matters not covered herein, such prescription shall prevail;if the Parties do not prescribe, the laws,
regulations, codes and rules shall prevail. 

12 

XI.
 Labor Dispute Treatment and Miscellaneous 

Article
XXVI If Party B holds that Party A infringes the legal rights
and interests of Party B, Party B may suggest Party A or report to trade union of Party A to seek solution. If it cannot be resolved,
Party B may complain to the nearby human resources administrative department .In case of dispute between the Parties related to the performance
of the Contract, the Parties shall first resolve through negotiation;if the negotiations fail, Party B may apply for mediation in the
labor dispute mediation committee in the locality of Party A within 30 days from the occurrence date of dispute. 

Party
B shall not claim the right by extreme means during the negotiation period, such as confrontational means (including but not limited
to unapproved strike, sit-down, demonstration, and disturbance of Party A s normal work). If Party B breaches this regulation,
Party B shall undertake the compensation responsibility for Party A. 

Article
XXVII Party B hereby states and undertakes:Before signing the Contract, Party A has notified Party B of all the codes and
rules of the company and presented to Party B. Party B hereby acknowledges and is well informed the aforementioned information, and
has no doubt. Party B has carefully read, confirmed and agreed to comply with the codes and rules of Party A. 

I have carefully
read the contract articles, acknowledged and read Employee Manual of Party A, the codes and rules mentioned, and agreed to observe. I
also undertake that I am not engaged in labor contract relationship with any organization when signing the Contract. The Parties hold
that the Contract is concluded based on the true intent of the Parties, and the provision on any format articles shall not be applicable. 

Article
XXVIII If the Contract conflicts with future national and local
government regulations with regard to the matters not covered herein, relevant regulations shall prevail. 

Article
XXIX The Contract is made in duplicate, with each party holding one. 

(End of Contract. The remainder of
the page is intentionally left blank) 

(The page serves as the signing
page. If the page is affixed with the seal and signed, it shall be deemed as such party s agreement on all the contents of the Contract) 

Party A (Seal) 
 Party B (Seal) 

Legal Representative (Signature) 

Or Authorized Representative 
 Date of Signing: 9/1/2022 

13 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ea020216301ex21-1_entrep.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit
21.1 

LIST
OF SUBSIDIARIES 

The
following list sets forth the subsidiaries of the registrant as of December 31, 2023: 

Company 
 
 State
 of Incorporation 
 
 Entrepreneurship World
 Technology Holding Group Company Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 Xi an Yunchuang Space
 Information Technology Co., Ltd. 
 
 Xi an, China 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ea020216301ex31-1_entrep.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND
THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Guolin Tao, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Entrepreneur Universe Bright Group (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this Report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28 , 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Guolin Tao 

Name: 
 Guolin Tao 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ea020216301ex32-1_entrep.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND
THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Entrepreneur
Universe Bright Group(the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Guolin Tao, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 28 , 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Guolin Tao 

Name: 
 Guolin Tao 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 eubg-20231231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 eubg-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 eubg-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 eubg-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 eubg-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

