<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240129_10-K_edgar_data_1342916_0001262463-24-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4201143</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>211459</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>819536</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1290790</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>811438</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>951107</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001262463-24-000015.hdr.sgml : 20240129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240129155402
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001262463-24-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HNO International, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001342916
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				202781289
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56568
		FILM NUMBER:		24573466

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		41558 EASTMAN DRIVE, SUITE B
		CITY:			MURRIETA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92562
		BUSINESS PHONE:		951-305-8872

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		41558 EASTMAN DRIVE, SUITE B
		CITY:			MURRIETA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92562

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Excoin Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210830

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Clenergen Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100317

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CLENERGEN Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090324

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001262463-24-000015.txt : 20240129

10-K
 1
 hnoi10k103123.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C.
20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) 

 ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 

 TRANSITION REPORT UNDER
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 

incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 

 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year,
if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 x 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 x 

Indicate by check mark whether the issuer
(1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the last 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 x No 

1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

x 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect
the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of
those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

State the aggregate market value of the
voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold,
or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter. Approximately on April 30, 2023. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of January 29, 2024, the registrant had
 outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

Documents incorporated by reference:
None. 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 20 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 36 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 39 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 39 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 41 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 41 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 41 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 41 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 42 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 44 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 45 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 46 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 47 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 50 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 50 

Signatures 
 50 

3 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Our actual
results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the risks described
in this Form 10-K and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Although we believe the expectations reflected
in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, they relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We do not
intend to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this report to conform these statements to actual results or
to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. 

The following discussion and analysis of financial
condition and results of operations is based upon, and should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related
notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

4 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Company Overview 

HNO International, Inc., a Nevada corporation (herein
referred to as we , us , our , HNO and the Company ),
focuses on systems engineering design, integration, and product development to generate green hydrogen-based clean energy solutions to
help businesses and communities decarbonize in the near term. 

HNO stands for Hydrogen and Oxygen and our experienced
management team has over 13 years of expertise in the green hydrogen production industry. 

HNO provides green hydrogen systems engineering design,
integration, and products to multiple markets, which include: (i) the zero-emission vehicle and mobile equipment market consisting of
hydrogen fuel cell electric passenger vehicles, material handling equipment such as forklifts and airport ground support equipment, as
well as the medium and heavy-duty truck market; (ii) the current and emerging hydrogen gas markets encompassing ammonia, fertilizer, steel,
mining, electronics, semiconductors, and fuel cell electric vehicles; (iii) and the gasoline and diesel engine emissions and maintenance
reduction product and services market. 

HNO is at the forefront of developing innovative integrated
products that cater to various uses of green hydrogen, both current and future. These include: 

Hydrogen refueling and generation systems for Fuel Cell Electric vehicles, such as forklifts, drones, cars, and trucks, as well as for zero-emission heating and cooking applications. 

Small to mid-scale green hydrogen production facilities with a capacity of 100kg/day to 5,000kg/day. These facilities can help decarbonize industrial processes and increase the use of hydrogen and hydrogen-based fuels for transportation and material handling. 

Hydrogen technologies that decrease emissions and maintenance for existing gasoline and diesel internal combustion engines. This can aid companies in decarbonizing their operations in the short term. 

Overview 

HNO focuses on systems engineering design, integration,
and product development to generate green hydrogen-based clean energy solutions to help businesses and communities decarbonize in the
near term. 

HNO stands for Hydrogen and Oxygen and our experienced
management team has over 13 years of expertise in the green hydrogen production industry. 

We provide green hydrogen systems engineering design,
integration, and products to multiple markets, which include: (i) the zero-emission vehicle and mobile equipment market consisting of
hydrogen fuel cell electric passenger vehicles, material handling equipment such as forklifts and airport ground support equipment, as
well as the medium and heavy-duty truck market; (ii) the current and emerging hydrogen gas markets encompassing ammonia, fertilizer, steel,
mining, electronics, semiconductors, and fuel cell electric vehicles; (iii) and the gasoline and diesel engine emissions and maintenance
reduction product and services market. 

On May 16, 2023, we began accepting subscription agreements
from investors as part of a 75 million offering under Regulation A. During the year ended October 31, 2023, we issued 2,026,532 shares
of common stock under our Regulation A offering. 

Organization 

HNO International, Inc. was incorporated in the State
of Nevada on May 2, 2005 under the name American Bonanza Resources Limited. On March 19, 2009, we changed our name to Clenergen
Corporation. On August 4, 2009, we acquired Clenergen Corporation Limited (UK), a United Kingdom corporation Limited ),
and succeeded to the business of Limited. In April 2009, Limited acquired the assets of Rootchange Limited, a biofuel and biomass research
and development company. On July 8, 2020, we changed our name to Excoin Ltd. And on August 31, 2021, we changed our name to HNO
International, Inc. our current name. 

5 

Principal Business of the Company 

HNO focuses on systems engineering design, integration,
and product development to generate green hydrogen-based clean energy solutions to help businesses and communities decarbonize in the
near term. 

HNO stands for Hydrogen and Oxygen- and our experienced
management team has over 13 years of expertise in the green hydrogen production industry. 

We provide green hydrogen systems engineering design,
integration, and products to multiple markets, which include: (i) the zero-emission vehicle and mobile equipment market consisting of
hydrogen fuel cell electric passenger vehicles, material handling equipment such as forklifts and airport ground support equipment, as
well as the medium and heavy-duty truck market; (ii) the current and emerging hydrogen gas markets encompassing ammonia, fertilizer, steel,
mining, electronics, semiconductors, and fuel cell electric vehicles; (iii) and the gasoline and diesel engine emissions and maintenance
reduction product and services market. 

Our Business 

We are at the forefront of developing innovative integrated
products that cater to various uses of green hydrogen, both current and future. These include: 

Hydrogen refueling and generation systems for Fuel Cell Electric vehicles, such as forklifts, drones, cars, and trucks, as well as for zero-emission heating and cooking applications. 

Small to mid-scale green hydrogen production facilities with a capacity of 100kg/day to 5,000kg/day. These facilities can help decarbonize industrial processes and increase the use of hydrogen and hydrogen-based fuels for transportation and material handling. 

Hydrogen technologies that decrease emissions and maintenance for existing gasoline and diesel internal combustion engines. This can aid companies in decarbonizing their operations in the short term. 

Our Products 

 We have three products that
we manufacture and sell: 

1. CHRS (Compact Hydrogen Refueling Station): A cost-effective solution for rapidly deploying hydrogen
production in the 50 KG to 200 KG per day range. It has a dispensing system that can be adapted for vehicles (trucks, buses, etc.), warehouse
equipment (forklifts), or other fuel cell applications, including power generation. 

2. HCC (Hydrogen Carbon Cleaner): A device used to clean carbon deposits from internal combustion engines. 

3. SGHP (Scalable Green Hydrogen Production): This plant uses larger electrolyzers and compressors to produce
and store 500 5000 KG of hydrogen per day. Although it can be used for applications serviced by the CHRS, it is particularly well-suited
for off-take hydrogen customers. 

The need for hydrogen refueling stations is growing
as more fuel cell vehicles come on the road. Current solutions are expensive, require a long permitting and installation process, and
consistently face outages. Our Compact Hydrogen Refueling System CHRS seeks to solve these problems and address
market demand. 

We are also involved with Scalable Green Hydrogen
Production SGHP where the volume of hydrogen that can be produced is from 100 Kilograms per day to over 2,000 (or
more) kilograms per day for use in commercial applications such as fuel for transportation, power generation, and industrial processes,
as well as in the production of chemicals and materials. We also develop energy systems that complement the zero-emissions infrastructure,
reduce harmful emissions such as black carbon and other greenhouse gasses, and cut maintenance costs of commercial diesel fleets. Our
designs and integrates components from leading industry partners in order to transition fossil fuels to cleaner burning alternatives which
promote lower emissions. 

Currently, we are
building and setting up a manufacturing line for 1.25 MW electrolyzers to be able to produce one per day. We have also ordered the
equipment necessary and leased the land required (approximately 450,000) to build the first Hydrogen Farm located in Katy Texas and
that is scheduled for full operation producing hydrogen in April 2024, with expected revenues of 2,500,000 over next 12 months. We
have also identified and contracted a second location for hydrogen production in Lancaster, California. We are in the hydrogen
infrastructure business. Over the next 12 months we will identify another 10 - 15 locations to continue to build Hydrogen production
locations, with expected expenditures of approximately 20,000,000 over the next 12 months and expected revenues of 35,000,000 -
 45,000,000 over the next 12 months. 

6 

We are scheduled to take
delivery of the first 10 Hydrogen Carbon Cleaners for sale to customers in mid-January 2024. After demonstrating the technology to prospective
customers, we will take orders and schedule deliver in 30 - 60 days after a customer order. These materials for these items have already
been paid for out of the current budget. 

The CHRS unit has been built
and we are marketing it to customers for delivery to customers in the second quarter of 2024. 

Revenues from the sales of units is not guaranteed
and, as stated in Note 3 to our audited financial statements, at October 31, 2023, we had a deficit of 41,609,945 and have not been able
to generate sufficient cash from operating activities to fund our ongoing operations and we will be required to raise additional funds
through public or private financing or other arrangements until we are able to raise revenues to a point of positive cash flow. 

Hydrogen Refueling 

The market for hydrogen refueling stations is currently
in a state of growth, as the use of hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicles FCEVs is becoming more popular. Governments,
private companies, and research institutions around the world are investing in the development of hydrogen refueling infrastructure to
support the growth of the FCEV market. 

Currently, most hydrogen refueling stations are located
in California, Germany, Japan, and South Korea. These countries have actively invested in developing hydrogen infrastructure and, as a
result, have a larger number of stations available. 

According to a report by MarketsandMarkets, the global
hydrogen refueling station market size was valued at USD 1.7 billion in 2020 and is projected to reach USD 7.5 billion by 2025, at a CAGR
of 34.5 during the forecast period. [1] 

However, the market for hydrogen refueling stations
is still relatively small compared to other alternative fuels, such as electric charging stations. The high cost of building and maintaining
hydrogen stations, lack of economies of scale, and lack of hydrogen production facilities, have hindered the market s growth. 

Despite these challenges, the market for hydrogen
refueling stations is expected to grow in the future as the number of FCEVs on the road increases and more countries begin to invest in
the development of hydrogen infrastructure. 

Fuel Cell EV Growth 

The expected growth of FCEVs is projected to be significant
in the coming years. According to a report by MarketsandMarkets, the global fuel cell electric vehicle market size is projected to reach
1.63 million units by 2030, growing at a CAGR of 42.2 during the forecast period of 2025 to 2030. [2] 

This growth is driven by several factors, including
increasing government support and funding for the development of hydrogen infrastructure, advancements in fuel cell technology, and increasing
consumer awareness and acceptance of FCEVs. 

In addition, many countries have set ambitious targets
to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and deploying FCEVs is seen as a key measure to achieving these goals. 

However, it's worth noting that the expected growth
of FCEVs is highly dependent on the success of the hydrogen economy and the availability of hydrogen fueling stations. The growth of FCEVs
also depends on the cost of hydrogen and the competition with other technologies such as battery electric vehicles. 

Overall, the growth of FCEVs is expected to be significant
in the coming years, but the growth rate may vary depending on the region and the success of the hydrogen economy. 

 _________________________________ 

[1] https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/green-hydrogen-market-92444177.html#:~:text=The 20global 20green 20hydrogen 20market,cagr 20during 20the 20forecast 20period. 

[2] https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/green-hydrogen-market-92444177.html#:~:text=The 20global 20green 20hydrogen 20market,cagr 20during 20the 20forecast 20period. 

Current Problems 

There are several common problems associated with
current hydrogen refueling stations: 

1. 
 Cost: Building and maintaining hydrogen refueling stations can be expensive, and the high cost can be a barrier to the widespread deployment of the technology. 

2. 
 Limited availability: Hydrogen fueling stations are currently much less common than gasoline or electric charging stations, which can make it difficult for FCEV owners to find a refueling location. 

3. 
 Complexity: Hydrogen fueling stations are complex systems that require specialized knowledge and training to operate and maintain. 

4. 
 Safety concerns: Hydrogen is a highly flammable gas, and there are concerns about the safety of storing and dispensing it at refueling stations. 

5. 
 Hydrogen production: One of the major challenges with hydrogen refueling stations is their limited access to locally produced hydrogen, often relying on hydrogen created using processes that generate pollution, such as steam methane reforming, which undermines the environmental benefits of using hydrogen as a fuel source. 

6. 
 Lack of standardization: There is currently no standardization in the design and operation of hydrogen fueling stations, which can make it difficult for different types of vehicles to refuel at different stations. 

7. 
 Limited production capacity: The current capacity of hydrogen production is limited, which can make it difficult to supply enough hydrogen to meet the increasing demand for FCEVs. 

8. 
 Lack of economies of scale: The small number of hydrogen stations and vehicles currently in operation makes it difficult to achieve economies of scale and reduce costs. 

Overall, current hydrogen refueling stations face
several challenges, but with ongoing research and development, these issues can be addressed and overcome in the future. 

Our Unique Solution 

Compact and Modular 

Our CHRS delivers modular, compact green hydrogen
refueling stations and could have significant value in the growing hydrogen FCEV market. These types of stations are designed to be compact,
easy to install, and highly efficient, which can help to reduce the cost of building and maintaining the typical hydrogen refueling stations. 

One of the main advantages of CHRS is that they can
be quickly and easily deployed in various locations, such as urban areas, parking garages, residential locations, along highway corridors,
even at a consumer's home. They can be quickly located with a smartphone app, and once located, the hydrogen availability can be determined
and the hours of operation of the station. Because of the way the current infrastructure is set up, including the lack of hydrogen production
on-site, it is often impossible for a customer to know if they will even be able to get fuel or not until they actually arrive at one
of the extremely limited refueling locations. The CHRS system will increase the availability of hydrogen fueling options for FCEV owners,
making it easier for them to refuel their vehicles and for manufacturers to sell their hydrogen vehicles because of the availability of
hundreds of fueling stations. 

Additionally, these types of stations can be powered
by renewable energy sources, such as solar or wind power, which can reduce their environmental impact and help to promote the use of green
hydrogen. 

Another advantage of these stations is that they can
be easily expanded as the demand for hydrogen fuel increases. This can help to ensure that there is always enough hydrogen available to
meet the needs of FCEV owners. 

Overall, a product that delivers modular, compact
green hydrogen refueling stations can be a disruptive factor and help to spur the growth of the FCEV market, by making it more convenient,
affordable, and environmentally friendly for FCEV owners to refuel their vehicles, and it can help to support the growth of the hydrogen
economy. 

Scalable Green Hydrogen Production 

Unlike traditional large-scale hydrogen production
plants, our plants are smaller, low-cost, and quicker to permit, install, and scale. One of the key benefits of our approach is the use
of low-cost, PGM-free electrolysis technology. This technology eliminates the need for expensive and rare platinum group metals, making
green hydrogen production more sustainable and cost-effective. This is particularly important in today's market, where the price of these
metals has been increasing, making traditional hydrogen production more expensive. 

7 

Another benefit of our approach is the ability to
scale green hydrogen production quickly. Our plants are designed to be quickly installed and operational, allowing them to respond quickly
to changes in market demand. This is important as the green hydrogen market is rapidly growing, and companies need a reliable source of
clean energy to meet this demand. 

In addition, our approach is more environmentally
friendly than traditional hydrogen production methods. We use renewable energy sources such as wind and solar power to produce green hydrogen,
reducing the carbon footprint of hydrogen production. This is becoming increasingly important as more companies seek to adopt clean energy
solutions and reduce their environmental impact. 

We also have a robust supply chain, sourcing high-quality
equipment from trusted suppliers. This ensures that our plants are reliable and efficient, reducing the risk of production disruptions
and increasing the overall value of our services to customers. 

In the case of Scalable Green Hydrogen Production,
where the volume of hydrogen that can be produced is from 100 Kilograms per day to over 2,000 (or more) kilograms per day, we can service
current and emerging hydrogen gas markets, including ammonia, fertilizer, steel, mining, electronics, semiconductors, in addition to fuel
cell refueling stations. 

Existing Engines 

We are manufacturing custom hydrogen carbon cleaning
equipment for engine service providers in the engine cleaning industry. Hydrogen can is currently used for Internal Combustion Engine ICE decarbonization and maintenance prevention market through manufacturing hydrogen carbon cleaning equipment
for engine service providers. 

We, as a technology company, have been actively developing
and integrating hydrogen technologies that can effectively reduce diesel engine emissions and maintenance requirements. By using hydrogen,
our technology can significantly reduce harmful emissions such as particulate matter, nitrogen oxides, and carbon dioxide, while also
improving engine performance and extending engine life. 

Corporate Growth Strategy 

Our growth strategy focuses on expanding our product
offerings and target markets. This will be achieved through ongoing research and development to identify new opportunities, as well as
strategic partnerships and collaborations with key players in our target markets. 

We will target our products to businesses and communities
that are looking to decarbonize. Our sales and marketing strategies will focus on building relationships with key players in our target
markets, such as current users of industrial hydrogen, the emerging hydrogen refueling market, hydrogen vehicle manufacturers, engine
service providers and diesel fleet operators. 

Market Competition 

The market is currently dominated by industrial gas
producers using Steam Methane Reforming SMR which use carbon based feedstock as the energy input for the hydrogen
production. The result of these methods results in gray and black (residual carbon footprint. hydrogen production. 

Our Competition 

Major competitors in the traditional hydrogen production
market are represented by the following companies: 

Praxair 
 Air Products and Chemicals 
 Linde 
 
 Air Liquide 
 Messer Group 
 BOC 
 
 Air Gas 
 Matheson Tri-gas 
 Advanced Gas Technologies 

These and other current hydrogen producers will require
significant investment in infrastructure for carbon capture technologies to meet the emerging requirements for clean energy generation. 

We are focused on the production of green hydrogen,
using renewable energy as the input power to produce green hydrogen with no carbon footprint. We are an innovator in this emergent marketplace.
While we are a market leader, there are a few early competitors in green hydrogen, such as Nel, Plug Power, ITM Power, and Nikola. 

We, alternatively, either teams or competes with these
green hydrogen companies, depending on the specific market opportunity. 

8 

Our Competitive Strengths 

Our competitive strengths include: 

Focus on Low-Cost Technologies : Our focus on
integrating proven low-cost technologies sets us apart from competitors, as it allows us to offer our products at a more affordable price
point. 

Comprehensive Portfolio of Products : We offer
a wide range of products including hydrogen cleaning equipment for engine service providers, hydrogen delivery systems for diesel engines,
and green hydrogen production systems for various markets. This comprehensive portfolio of products sets us apart from competitors that
focus on a limited range of products. 

Strong Technical Expertise : We have a strong
team of technical experts with extensive knowledge and experience in the hydrogen technology and engineering industries. This expertise
gives us a competitive advantage in developing and offering high-quality products that meet customer demands. 

Strong Partnerships : We have established partnerships
with key players in the hydrogen technology and engineering industries, which enhances our ability to secure new customers and expand
our reach in the market. 

Innovative Solutions : Our focus on innovation
and continuous improvement sets us apart from our competitors, as we are constantly developing new and improved products and solutions
to meet the changing needs of our customers. 

Commitment to Sustainability : We are committed
to promoting sustainability and reducing carbon emissions, which aligns with the growing demand for green hydrogen products and services. 

Current Market 

There is growing demand for decarbonization solutions,
and green hydrogen has emerged as a key technology for meeting the world's emissions reduction goals. Our target markets have different
needs and challenges, but all can benefit from the benefits that green hydrogen can offer. 

According to a report by MarketsandMarkets, the global
growth for hydrogen consumption is projected to grow from 11.6B in 2022 to 90B in 2030, growing by a 55 CAGR. We are focused on developing
and deploying small to medium green hydrogen production, storage and dispensing systems to satisfy the projected growth of the green hydrogen
market. [3] 

Properties 

We operate out of an approximately 5,000 square foot
facility in Murrieta, California and we are establishing a location in Houston, Texas for our Scalable Green Hydrogen Production farms. 

Employees 

As of January 29, 2024, we had two full-time employee and no
part-time employees. 

Environmental 

Our operations do not pose an environmental risk,
and we have no past environmental violations. We also do not require special environmental permits to conduct our business activities. 

We follow standard policies and procedures for environmental
compliance and risk management. We prioritize environmental sustainability and we continuously strive to improve our environmental performance. 

We recognize that emerging climate change and other
environmental issues present potential risks to any business. However, these risks only underscore the need for our products and services.
As we continue to grow and expand our business, we will remain vigilant in identifying and addressing potential environmental risks. We
want to highlight that our supply chains are diverse and well-shielded, reducing the potential environmental risks associated with our
business operations. We work closely with our suppliers to ensure their environmental practices align with our standards. We continuously
monitor and evaluate our supply chains to identify potential environmental risks. 

We will follow standard procedures for any environmental
insurance coverage or other risk management strategies that we have in place. We are committed to protecting the environment and ensuring
our business operations are conducted environmentally. 

 ___________________________________ 

 [3] https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/green-hydrogen-market-92444177.html#:~:text=The 20global 20green 20hydrogen 20market,cagr 20during 20the 20forecast 20period . 

9 

Intellectual Property 

We hold exclusive
rights to several patents, which are listed in the table below. These patents represent the innovative intellectual property and data
that are unique to us and are used in our product designs. We believe they provide a significant competitive advantage for us in the markets
we serve. The table includes the country, application number, patent number, and title of each patent, as well as its status. 

COUNTRY 
 APPLN NO 
 Patent Number 
 TITLE 
 STATUS 

US 

13/844,267 

8,757,107 
 HYDROGEN SUPPLEMENTAL SYSTEM FOR ON-DEMAND HYDROGEN GENERATION FOR INTERNAL COMBUSTION ENGINES 

Issued 

US 

13/922,351 

9,453,457 
 HYDROGEN SUPPLEMENTAL SYSTEM FOR ON-DEMAND HYDROGEN GENERATION FOR INTERNAL COMBUSTION ENGINES 

Issued 

US 

14/016,388 

9,476,357 
 METHOD AND APPARATUS FOR INCREASING COMBUSTION EFFICIENCY AND REDUCING PARTICULATE MATTER EMISSIONS IN JET ENGINES 

Issued 

US 

14/326,801 

9,267,468 
 HYDROGEN SUPPLEMENTAL SYSTEM FOR ON-DEMAND HYDROGEN GENERATION FOR INTERNAL COMBUSTION ENGINES 

Issued 

US 

17/047,041 

10,920,717 
 HYDROGEN PRODUCING SYSTEM AND DEVICE FOR IMPROVING FUEL EFFICIENCY AND REDUCING EMISSIONS OF INTERNAL COMBUSTION AND/OR DIESEL ENGINES 

Issued 

AUSTRALIA 

2019405749 

2019405749 
 HYDROGEN PRODUCING SYSTEM AND DEVICE FOR IMPROVING FUEL EFFICIENCY AND REDUCING EMISSIONS OF INTERNAL COMBUSTION AND/OR DIESEL ENGINES 

Issued 

CHINA 
 201980092511.1 
 
 HYDROGEN PRODUCING SYSTEM AND DEVICE FOR IMPROVING FUEL EFFICIENCY 

Pending 

EUROPE 

19900413.6. 
 
 HYDROGEN PRODUCING SYSTEM AND DEVICE FOR IMPROVING FUEL EFFICIENCY 

Pending 

JAPAN 

2021-535288 
 
 HYDROGEN PRODUCING SYSTEM AND DEVICE FOR IMPROVING FUEL EFFICIENCY 

Pending 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

The following are important factors we have identified
that could affect an investment in our securities. You should consider them carefully when evaluating an investment in HNO International,
Inc. securities, because these factors could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or any forward-looking
statements. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or
that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and
prospects. 

We need to continue as a going concern if our business is to succeed. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm
reports on our audited financial statements for the years ended October 31, 2023 and 2022, indicate that there are a number of factors
that raise substantial risks about our ability to continue as a going concern. Such factors identified in the report are our accumulated
deficit since inception, our failure to attain profitable operations, the excess of liabilities over assets, and our dependence upon obtaining
adequate additional financing to pay our liabilities. If we are not able to continue as a going concern, investors could lose their investments. 

10 

We have a limited operating history. 

We have a limited operating history. We will, in all
likelihood, sustain operating expenses without corresponding revenues, at least for the foreseeable future. We can make no assurances
that we will be able to effectuate our strategies or otherwise to generate sufficient revenue to continue operations. 

During the year ended October 31, 2023, our total
revenue was 13,000, and we had a net loss of 1,441,335. During the year ended October 31, 2022, our total revenue was 34,450, and we
had a net loss of 1,071,309. 

Our estimates of capital, personnel, equipment, and
facilities required for our proposed operations are based on certain other existing businesses operating under projected business conditions
and plans. We believe that our estimates are reasonable, but it is not possible to determine the accuracy of such estimates at this point.
In formulating our business plan, we have relied on the judgment of our officers and directors and their experience in developing businesses.
We can make no assurances that we will be able to obtain sufficient financing or implement successfully the business plan we have devised.
Further, even with sufficient financing, there can be no assurance that we will be able to operate our business on a profitable basis.
We can make no assurances that our projected business plan will be realized or that any of our assumptions will prove to be correct. 

We are subject to a variety
of possible risks that could adversely impact our revenues, results of operations or financial condition. Some of these risks relate to
general economic and financial conditions, while others are more specific to us and the carbon emissions industry in which we operate.
The following factors set out potential risks we have identified that could adversely affect us. The risks described below may not be
the only risks we face. Additional risks that we do not yet know of, or that we currently think are immaterial, could also have a negative
impact on our business operations or financial condition. 

We operate in a highly
competitive industry. 

The climate and carbon treatment
business is highly competitive and constantly changing. Our competitors include not only other large multinational companies, but also
smaller entities that operate in local or regional markets as well as new forms of market participants. 

Competitive challenges also
arise from rapidly-evolving and new technologies in the carbon capture space, creating opportunities for new and existing competitors
and a need for continued significant investment in research and development. 

A number of our existing or potential competitors
may have substantially greater financial, technical, and marketing resources, larger investor bases, greater name recognition, and more
established relationships with their investors, and more established sources of deal flow and investment opportunities than we do. This
may enable our competitors to: develop and expand their services and develop infrastructure more quickly and achieve greater scale and
cost efficiencies; adapt more quickly to new or emerging markets and opportunities, strategies, techniques, technologies, and changing
investor needs; take advantage of acquisitions and other market opportunities more readily; establish operations in new markets more rapidly;
devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products and services; adopt more aggressive pricing policies; and provide
clients with additional benefits at lower overall costs in order to gain market share. If our competitive advantages are not compelling
or sustainable and we are not able to effectively compete with larger competitors, then we may not be able to increase or sustain cash
flow. 

We will need to raise funding, which may not
be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force us to delay, limit or terminate
our product development efforts or other operations. 

We will need to seek funds soon, through public or
private equity or debt financings, government or other third-party funding, marketing and distribution arrangements and other collaborations,
strategic alliances or a combination of these approaches. Raising funds in the current economic environment may present additional challenges.
It is not certain that we have accounted for all costs and expenses of future development and regulatory compliance. Even if we believe
we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans, we may seek additional capital if market conditions are favorable
or if we have specific strategic considerations. 

Our future growth may be limited. 

Our ability to achieve our expansion objectives and
to manage our growth effectively depends upon a variety of factors, including our ability to further develop use of methodology, solutions
and systems, to attract and retain skilled employees, to successfully position and market the Company, to protect our existing intellectual
property, to capitalize on the potential opportunities we are pursuing with third parties, and sufficient funding. To accommodate growth
and compete effectively, we will need working capital to maintain adequate operating levels, develop additional procedures and controls
and increase, train, motivate and manage our work force. There is no assurance that our personnel, systems, procedures and controls will
be adequate to support our potential future operations. 

11 

We rely on key personnel. 

Our success also will depend in large part on the
continued service of our key operational and management personnel, including executive staff, research and development, engineering, marketing
and sales staff. We face intense competition from our competitors, customers and other companies throughout the industry. Any failure
on our part to hire, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified professionals could impair our business. 

Our stockholders have
limited voting power compared to the holder of our Series A Preferred Stock. 

Our Chairman, Donald Owens,
is the sole holder of our Series A Preferred Stock and, along with his ownership a substantial percentage of our Common Stock, controls
a majority of the voting power of our Company. For so long as Mr. Owens holds all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock and a substantial
percentage of our Common Stock, he is expected to hold a majority of our outstanding voting power and he will control the outcome of matters
submitted to a stockholder vote, including the appointment of all directors of the Company. 

Our management controls
all corporate activities and can approve all transactions, including mergers, without the approval of other stockholders. 

Our Chairman, Donald Owens,
owns all of the shares of our Series A Preferred Stock that gives him the rights to 55 votes per share of our Company as well as is ownership
of a substantial percentage of our Common Stock. Other members of our management also own shares of our Common Stock. Therefore, our management
effectively controls all corporate activities and can approve transactions, including possible mergers, issuance of shares and compensation
levels, without the approval of other stockholders. The decisions of our management may not be consistent with or in the best interests
of other stockholders. 

This capital structure may
have anti-takeover effects preventing a change in control transaction that the minority owners of our Common Stock might consider in their
best interest. 

The ability of our
management to control our business may limit or eliminate minority stockholders ability to influence corporate affairs. 

Our Chairman, Donald Owens,
owns all of the shares of our Series A Preferred Stock that gives him the rights to 55 votes per share of our Company as well as is ownership
of a substantial percentage of our Common Stock. Because of this beneficial stock ownership, Mr. Owens is in a position to continue to
elect our entire board of directors, decide all matters requiring stockholder approval, including potential mergers or business changes,
and determine our policies. The interests of our management may differ from the interests of our minority stockholders with respect to
the issuance of shares, business transactions with or sales to other companies, selection of officers and directors and other business
decisions. Our minority stockholders have no way of overriding decisions made by our management. This level of control may also have an
adverse impact on the market value of our shares because our management may institute or undertake transactions, policies or programs
that may result in losses, may not take any steps to increase our visibility in the financial community and/or may sell sufficient numbers
of shares to significantly decrease our price per share. 

We owe debt to a related party, which may be
convertible into a substantial amount of shares of Common Stock. If any or all of the notes are converted, shareholders would realize
substantial dilution. 

As of January 8, 2024, we had entered into several
promissory notes with HNO Green Fuels, Inc., an entity controlled by our Chairman, Donald Owens, in the aggregate principal amount of
 1,440,000. Although none of these notes are currently convertible into shares of Common Stock of our Company, in the past, we have settled
a note that was in default for shares of Common Stock. If we are unable to pay each note, we may settle one or all of the notes for shares
of our Common Stock. In the event of a settlement or settlements of a note or notes for shares of our Common Stock, our shareholders would
realize substantial dilution and the value of their shares would decrease. 

We may need to defend
ourselves against intellectual property infringement claims, which may be time-consuming and cause us to incur substantial costs. 

Companies, organizations
or individuals, including our competitors, may own or obtain intellectual property or other proprietary rights that would prevent or limit
our ability to make, use, develop or sell our concept, which could make it more difficult for us to operate our business. We may receive
inquiries from intellectual property owners inquiring whether we infringe their proprietary rights. 

Our business may be
adversely affected if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights from unauthorized use by third parties. 

12 

Failure to adequately protect
our intellectual property rights could result in our competitors offering similar products, potentially resulting in the loss of some
of our competitive advantage, and a decrease in our revenue which would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition
and operating results. Our success depends, at least in part, on our ability to protect our core methodology and intellectual property.
To accomplish this, we will rely on a combination of intellectual property, trade secrets (including know-how), employee and third-party
nondisclosure agreements, copyright, trademarks, intellectual property licenses and other contractual rights to establish and protect
our rights in our technology. Patent, trademark, and trade secret laws vary significantly throughout the world. 

Confidentiality agreements with employees and
others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information. 

In order to protect our proprietary technology and
processes, we also rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, outsource manufacturers and other advisors.
These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event
of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, others may independently discover trade secrets and proprietary information.
Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain
or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. 

We may not be successful in our potential business
combinations. 

We may, in the future, pursue acquisitions of other
complementary businesses and technology licensing arrangements. We may also pursue strategic alliances and joint ventures that leverage
our core products and industry experience to expand our product offerings and geographic presence. We have limited experience with respect
to acquiring other companies and limited experience with respect to forming collaborations, strategic alliances and joint ventures. 

If we were to make any acquisitions, we may not be
able to integrate these acquisitions successfully into our existing business and could assume unknown or contingent liabilities. Any future
acquisitions we make, could also result in large and immediate write-offs or the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities, any of
which could harm our operating results. Integrating an acquired company also may require management resources that otherwise would be
available for ongoing development of our existing business. 

Any future indebtedness
reduces cash available for distribution and may expose us to the risk of default under debt obligations that we may incur in the future. 

Payments of principal and
interest on borrowings that we may incur in the future may leave us with insufficient cash resources to operate the business. Our level
of debt and the limitations imposed on us by debt agreements could have significant material and adverse consequences, including the following: 

Our cash flow may be insufficient to meet our required principal and interest payments; 

We may be unable to borrow additional funds as needed or on favorable terms, or at all; 

We may be unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or the refinancing terms may be less favorable than the terms of our original indebtedness; 

To the extent we borrow debt that bears interest at variable rates, increases in interest rates could materially increase our interest expense; 

To the extent we borrow debt that bears interest at variable rates, increases in interest rates could materially increase our interest expense; and 

Our default under any loan with cross default provisions could result in a default on other indebtedness. 

If any one of these events
were to occur, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, and our ability to make distributions to our shareholders could
be materially and adversely affected. 

13 

Our results of operations are highly susceptible
to unfavorable economic conditions. 

We are exposed to risks
associated with weak or uncertain regional or global economic conditions and disruption in the financial markets. The global economy
continues to be challenging in some markets. Uncertainty about the strength of the global economy generally, or economic conditions
in certain regions or market sectors, and a degree of caution on the part of some marketers, can have an effect on the demand for
advertising and marketing communication services. In addition, market conditions can be adversely affected by natural and human
disruptions, such as natural disasters, severe weather events, military conflict or public health crises. Our industry can be
affected more severely than other sectors by an economic downturn and can recover more slowly than the economy in general. In the
past, some clients have responded to weak economic and financial conditions by reducing their marketing budgets, which include
discretionary components that are easier to reduce in the short term than other operating expenses. This pattern may recur in the
future. Furthermore, unexpected revenue shortfalls can result in misalignments of costs and revenues, resulting in a negative impact
to our operating margins. If our business is significantly adversely affected by unfavorable economic conditions or other market
disruptions that adversely affect client spending, the negative impact on our revenue could pose a challenge to our operating income
and cash generation from operations. 

We may not be able
to meet our performance targets and milestones. 

From time to time, we communicate
to the public certain targets and milestones for our financial and operating performance that are intended to provide metrics against
which to evaluate our performance. They should not be understood as predictions or guidance about our expected performance. Our ability
to meet any target or milestone is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, and we caution investors against placing undue reliance
on them. 

We have limited personal liability. 

Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws generally
provide that the liability of our officers and directors will be eliminated to the fullest extent allowed under law for their acts on
behalf of our Company. 

It is possible investors may lose their entire
investment. 

We will be reliant on the proceeds of this offering
to expand our operations. We may not be successful in implementing our business strategy or that we will be successful in achieving our
objectives. Our prospects for success must be considered in the context of a thinly capitalized company in a highly competitive market.
As a result, investors may lose their entire investment. 

If we fail to establish and maintain an effective
system of internal control, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or to prevent fraud. Any inability to report
and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation and adversely impact the trading price of our common stock. 

Effective internal control is necessary for us to
provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, we may not be
able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed, and our business and reputation with
investors may be harmed. As a result, our small size and any current internal control deficiencies may adversely affect our financial
condition, results of operation and access to capital. We have not performed an in-depth analysis to determine if historical un-discovered
failures of internal controls exist, and may in the future discover areas of our internal control that need improvement. 

Public company compliance may make it more difficult
to attract and retain officers and directors. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and new rules subsequently
implemented by the SEC have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. As a public company, we expect these
new rules and regulations to increase our compliance costs in 2023 and beyond and to make certain activities more time consuming and costly.
As a public company, we also expect that these new rules and regulations may make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain director
and officer liability insurance in the future and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially
higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons
to serve on our Board of Directors or as executive officers. 

Risks Related to Our Market 

We may be unable to
successfully execute and operate our green hydrogen production projects and such projects may cost more and take longer to complete than
we expect. 

As part of our vertical
integration strategy, we are developing and constructing green hydrogen production facilities at locations across the United States
and Canada. Our ability to successfully complete and operate these projects is not guaranteed. These projects will impact our
ability to meet and supplement the hydrogen demands for our products and services, for both existing and prospective customers. Our
hydrogen production projects are dependent, in part, upon our ability to meet our internal demand for electrolyzers required for
such projects. Electrolyzer demand by external customers may concurrently affect our ability to meet the internal electrolyzer
demand from our hydrogen production projects. The timing and cost to complete the construction of our hydrogen production projects
are subject to a number of factors outside of our control and such projects may take longer and cost more to complete and become
operational than we expect. 

14 

Furthermore, the viability
and competitiveness of our green hydrogen production facilities will depend, in part, upon favorable laws, regulations, and policies related
to hydrogen production. Some of these laws, regulations, policies are nascent, and there is no guarantee that they will be favorable to
our projects. Additionally, our facilities will be subject to numerous and new permitting, regulations, laws, and policies, many of which
might vary by jurisdiction. Hydrogen production facilities are also subject to robust competition from well-established multi-national
companies in the energy industry. There is no guarantee that our hydrogen production strategy will be successful, amidst this competitive
environment. 

We will continue to
be dependent on certain third-party key suppliers for components in our products. The failure of a supplier to develop and supply components
in a timely manner or at all, or our inability to obtain substitute sources of these components on a timely basis or on terms acceptable
to us, could impair our ability to manufacture our products or could increase our cost of production. 

We rely on certain key suppliers
for critical components in our products, and there are numerous other components for our products that are sole sourced. If we fail to
maintain our relationships with our suppliers or build relationships with new suppliers, or if suppliers are unable to meet our demand,
we may be unable to manufacture our products, or our products may be available only at a higher cost or after a delay. In addition, to
the extent that our supply partners use technology or manufacturing processes that are proprietary, we may be unable to obtain comparable
components from alternative sources. Furthermore, we may become increasingly subject to domestic content sourcing requirements and Buy
America preferences, as required under certain United States federal infrastructure funding sources. Domestic content preferences and
Buy America requirements potential mandate that we source certain components and materials from within the United States. Conformity with
these provisions potentially depends upon our ability to increasingly source components or certain materials from within the United States.
An inability to meet these requirements could have a material adverse effect on our ability to successfully compete for certain projects
or awards utilizing federal funds subject to such mandates. 

The failure of a supplier
to develop and supply components in a timely manner or at all, or to develop or supply components that meet our quality, quantity and
cost requirements, or our inability to obtain substitute sources of these components on a timely basis or on terms acceptable to us, could
impair our ability to manufacture our products or could increase our cost of production. If we cannot obtain substitute materials or components
on a timely basis or on acceptable terms, we could be prevented from delivering our products to our customers within required timeframes.
Any such delays could result in sales and installation delays, cancellations, penalty payments or loss of revenue and market share, any
of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Our products and services
face intense competition. 

The markets for energy products,
including PEM fuel cells, electrolyzers, and hydrogen production are intensely competitive. Some of our competitors are much larger than
we are and may have the manufacturing, marketing and sales capabilities to complete research, development, and commercialization of profitable,
commercially viable products more quickly and effectively than we can. There are many companies engaged in all areas of traditional and
alternative energy generation in the United States and abroad, including, among others, major electric, oil, chemical, natural gas, battery,
generator and specialized electronics firms, as well as universities, research institutions and foreign government-sponsored companies.
These firms are engaged in forms of power generation such as advanced battery technologies, generator sets, fast charged technologies
and other types of fuel cell technologies. Well established companies might similarly seek to expand into new types of energy products,
including PEM fuel cells, electrolyzers, or hydrogen production. Additionally, some competitors may rely on other different competing
technologies for fuel cells, electrolyzers, or hydrogen production. We believe our technologies have many advantages. In the near future,
we expect the demand for these products electrolyzers in particular to largely offset any hypothetical market preference
for competing technologies. However, changes in customer preferences, the marketplace, or government policies could favor competing technologies.
The primary current value proposition for our fuel cell customers stems from productivity gains in using our solutions. Longer term, given
evolving market dynamics and changes in alternative energy tax credits, if we are unable to successfully develop future products that
are competitive with competing technologies in terms of price, reliability and longevity, customers may not buy our products. Technological
advances in alternative energy products, battery systems or other fuel cell, electrolyzer, or hydrogen technologies may make our products
less attractive or render them obsolete. 

Risks Related to Financing Our Business 

Expenses required to operate as a public company
will reduce funds available to develop our business and could negatively affect our stock price and adversely affect our results of operations,
cash flow and financial condition. 

15 

Operating as a public company is more expensive than
operating as a private company, including additional funds required to obtain outside assistance from legal, accounting, investor relations,
or other professionals that could be more costly than planned. We may also be required to hire additional staff to comply with SEC reporting
requirements. We anticipate that these costs will be approximately 200,000- 300,000 annually. Our failure to comply with reporting requirements
and other provisions of securities laws could negatively affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Our growth depends on external sources of capital,
which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. In addition, investors, banks and other financial institutions may be reluctant
to enter into any lending or financial transactions with us, because we intend to enter into a mining excavation operation that could
have environmental impacts if not managed properly. If any of the source of funding is unavailable to us, our growth may be limited, and
our operating profit may be impaired. 

We may not be in a position to take advantage of attractive
investment opportunities for growth if we are unable, due to global or regional economic uncertainty, changes in the provincial or federal
regulatory environment relating to the extraction, processing and distribution of our products or otherwise, to access capital markets
on a timely basis and on favorable terms or at all. Because we intend to grow our business, this limitation may require us to raise additional
equity or incur debt at a time when it may be disadvantageous to do so. 

Our access to capital will depend upon several factors
over which we have little or no control, including general market conditions and the market s perception of our current and potential
future earnings. If general economic instability or downturn leads to an inability to obtain capital to finance, the operation could be
negatively impacted. In addition, investors, banks and other financial institutions may be reluctant to enter into financing transactions
with us, because we intend to operate a mining excavation operation. If this source of funding is unavailable to us, our growth may be
limited. 

Our ability to raise funding is subject to all the
above factors and will also be affected by our future financial position, results of operations and cash flows. All these events would
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. 

Any future indebtedness reduces cash available
for distribution and may expose us to the risk of default under debt obligations that we may incur in the future. 

Payments of principal and interest on borrowings that
we may incur in the future may leave us with insufficient cash resources to operate the business. Our level of debt and the limitations
imposed on us by debt agreements could have significant material and adverse consequences, including the following: 

our cash flow may be insufficient to meet our required principal and interest payments; 

we may be unable to borrow additional funds as needed or on favorable terms; 

we may be unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or the refinancing terms may be less favorable than the terms of our original indebtedness; 

to the extent we borrow debt that bears interest at variable rates, increases in interest rates could materially increase our interest expense; 

we may default on our obligations or violate restrictive covenants; in which case the lenders may accelerate these debt obligations; and 

default under any loan with cross default provisions could result in a default on other indebtedness. 

If any one of these events were to occur, our financial
condition, results of operations, cash flow, and our ability to make distributions to our shareholders could be materially and adversely
affected. 

Risks Related to Regulation 

Applicable state and
international laws may prevent us from maximizing our potential income. 

Depending on the laws of
each particular State, we may not be able to fully realize our potential to generate profit. Furthermore, cities and counties are being
given broad discretion to use other carbon capture methodologies. Depending on the laws of international countries and the States, we
might not be able to fully realize our potential to generate profit. 

16 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Because the SEC imposes additional sales practice
requirements on brokers who deal in our shares that are penny stocks, some brokers may be unwilling to trade them. This means that investors
may have difficulty reselling their shares and may cause the price of the shares to decline. 

Our shares qualify as penny stocks and are covered
by Section 15(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which imposes additional
sales practice requirements on broker/dealers who sell our securities in this offering or in the aftermarket. In particular, prior to
selling a penny stock, broker/dealers must give the prospective customer a risk disclosure document that: contains a description of the
nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; contains a description of the
broker/dealers duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to violations of such
duties or other requirements of Federal securities laws; contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including
 bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask prices; contains
the toll free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions established pursuant to section 15(A)(i); defines significant terms
used in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and contains such other information, and is in such form
(including language, type size, and format), as the SEC requires by rule or regulation. Further, for sales of our securities, the broker/dealer
must make a special suitability determination and receive from you a written agreement before making a sale to you. Because of the imposition
of the foregoing additional sales practices, it is possible that brokers will not want to make a market in our shares. This could prevent
reselling of shares and may cause the price of the shares to decline. 

Our stock may be traded infrequently and in
low volumes, so you may be unable to sell your shares at or near the quoted bid prices if you need to sell your shares. 

Until our common stock is listed on a national securities
exchange such as the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq, we expect our common stock to remain eligible for quotation on the OTC Markets,
or on another over-the-counter quotation system. In those venues, however, the shares of our common stock may trade infrequently and in
low volumes, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our common shares at or near bid prices at any given time may
be relatively small or non-existent. An investor may find it difficult to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our common
stock or to sell his or her shares at or near bid prices or at all. In addition, if we fail to meet the criteria set forth in SEC regulations,
various requirements would be imposed by law on broker-dealers who sell our securities to persons other than established customers and
accredited investors. Consequently, such regulations may deter broker-dealers from recommending or selling our common stock, which may
further affect the liquidity of our common stock. This would also make it more difficult for us to raise capital. 

There currently is no active public market for
our common stock and there can be no assurance that an active public market will ever develop. Failure to develop or maintain a trading
market could negatively affect the value of our common stock and make it difficult or impossible for you to sell your shares. 

There is currently no active public market for shares
of our common stock and one may never develop. Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets. The OTC Markets is a thinly traded market
and lacks the liquidity of certain other public markets with which some investors may have more experience. We may not ever be able to
satisfy the listing requirements for our common stock to be listed on a national securities exchange, which is often a more widely-traded
and liquid market. Some, but not all, of the factors which may delay or prevent the listing of our common stock on a more widely-traded
and liquid market include the following: our stockholders equity may be insufficient; the market value of our outstanding securities
may be too low; our net income from operations may be too low; our common stock may not be sufficiently widely held; we may not be able
to secure market makers for our common stock; and we may fail to meet the rules and requirements mandated by the several exchanges and
markets to have our common stock listed. Should we fail to satisfy the initial listing standards of the national exchanges, or our common
stock is otherwise rejected for listing, and remains listed on the OTC Markets or is suspended from the OTC Markets, the trading price
of our common stock could suffer and the trading market for our common stock may be less liquid and our common stock price may be subject
to increased volatility, making it difficult or impossible to sell shares of our common stock. 

Our common stock is subject to the penny
stock rules of the SEC and the trading market in the securities is limited, which makes transactions in the stock cumbersome and
may reduce the value of an investment in the stock. 

Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act establishes the
definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less than
 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving
a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: (a) that a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny
stocks; and (b) the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and
quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

17 

In order to approve a person s account for transactions
in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: (a) obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person and (b)
make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge
and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any
transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form:
(a) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and (b) confirms that the broker or dealer
received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute transactions
in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock
and cause a decline in the market value of our common stock. 

Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of
investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions payable to both the broker or dealer
and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases
of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock
held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

Our stock price may be volatile. 

The market price of our common stock is likely to
be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including
the following: 

The continued effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and its variants; 

The impact of conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine on our operations; 

Geo-political events, such as the crisis in Ukraine, government responses to such events and the related impact on the economy both nationally and internationally; 

Changes in our industry; 

Competitive pricing pressures; 

Our ability to obtain working capital financing; 

Additions or departures of key personnel; 

Sales of our common stock; 

Our ability to execute our business plan; 

Operating results that fall below expectations; 

Loss of any strategic relationship; 

Regulatory developments; and 

Economic and other external factors. 

In addition, the securities markets have from time-to-time
experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market
fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

18 

Offers or availability for sale of a substantial
number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

If our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our
common stock in the public market, including upon the expiration of any statutory holding period under Rule 144, or issued upon the conversion
of preferred stock or exercise of warrants, it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an "overhang" and in anticipation
of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring,
also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the
future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

Offers or availability for sale of a substantial
number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

If our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our
common stock in the public market, including upon the expiration of any statutory holding period under Rule 144, or issued upon the conversion
of preferred stock or exercise of warrants, it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an "overhang" and in anticipation
of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring,
also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the
future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

Your percentage of ownership may become diluted
if we issue new Common Stock or other securities, including shares that are eligible for exchange. 

Our board of directors is authorized, without your
approval, to cause us to issue additional Common Stock to raise capital through the issuance of Common Stock (including equity or debt
securities convertible into Common Stock), and other rights, on terms and for consideration as our board of directors in its sole discretion
may determine. Any such issuance could result in dilution of the equity of our shareholders. 

We have many authorized but unissued shares
of our common stock. 

We have a large number of authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock, which our management may issue without further stockholder approval, thereby causing dilution of your holdings
of our Common Stock. Our management will continue to have broad discretion to issue shares of our common stock in a range of transactions,
including capital-raising transactions, mergers, acquisitions, and other transactions, without obtaining stockholder approval, unless
stockholder approval is required. If our management determines to issue shares of our Common Stock from the large pool of authorized but
unissued shares for any purpose in the future, your ownership position would be diluted without your further ability to vote on that transaction. 

The market valuation of our business may fluctuate
due to factors beyond our control and the value of your investment may fluctuate correspondingly. 

The market valuation of companies, such as us, frequently
fluctuate due to factors unrelated to the past or present operating performance of such companies. Our market valuation may fluctuate
significantly in response to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

1. 
 Changes in securities analysts estimates of our financial performance, although there are currently no analysts covering our stock; 

2. 
 Fluctuations in stock market prices and volumes, particularly among securities of companies such as ours; 

3. 
 Changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

4. 
 Announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, new technologies, acquisitions, commercial relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

5. 
 Variations in our quarterly operating results; 

6. 
 Fluctuations in related labor cost; and 

7. 
 Additions or departures of key personnel. 

As a result, the value of your investment in us may
fluctuate. 

19 

We have never paid dividends on our Common Stock. 

We have never paid cash dividends on our Common Stock
and do not presently intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Investors should not look to dividends as a source of income. 

In the interest of reinvesting initial profits back
into our business, we do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Consequently, any economic return will initially
be derived, if at all, from appreciation in the fair market value of our stock, and not as a result of dividend payments. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

We operate out of an approximately 5,000 square foot
facility in Murrieta, California and we are establishing a location in Houston, Texas for our Scalable Green Hydrogen Production farms. 

We believe that these facilities are adequate for
our current and near-term future needs. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may become involved in litigation
relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. We are not currently involved in any pending legal
proceeding or litigation and, to the best of our knowledge, no governmental authority is contemplating any proceeding to which we are
a party or to which any of our properties is subject, which would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and operating results. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE. 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AN ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market 

Our common
stock currently trades on the OTC Markets Pink Sheets under the symbol
HNOI. 

The table below sets forth for the periods indicated
the quarterly high and low bid prices as reported by OTC Markets. Limited trading volume has occurred during these periods. These quotations
reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2023: 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 1.82 
 1.03 
 
 Second Quarter 
 2.27 
 1.21 
 
 Third Quarter 
 15.00 
 1.05 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 1.378 
 1.01 

Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2022: 
 
 High 
 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 

5.27 

4.50 

Second Quarter 

5.00 

5.00 

Third Quarter 

5.00 

5.00 

Fourth Quarter 

5.00 

1.82 

20 

Holders of Our Common Stock 

As of January 29, 2024, there were approximately 724
stockholders of record. Because shares of our Common Stock are held by depositaries, brokers and other nominees, the number of beneficial
holders of our shares is substantially larger than the number of stockholders of record. 

Dividends 

We have not declared or paid dividends
on shares of our common stock and we do not expect to declare or pay dividends on shares of our common stock for the foreseeable future.
We intend to retain earnings, if any, to finance the development and expansion of our business. Our future dividend policy will be subject
to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our future earnings, if any, our financial condition, and other factors
deemed relevant by the board. 

Transfer Agent 

The transfer agent and registrar, for our common stock
is Pacific Stock Transfer Co. The transfer agent s address is 6725 Via Austi Parkway, Suite 300, Las Vegas, NV 89119 and its telephone
number is (702) 361-3033. 

Securities Authorized
for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The following table includes all unregistered sales
of securities made by us during the year ended October 31, 2023: 

Date 
 Name 
 Consideration 
 Securities 
 Exemption from Registration 
 
 12/22/22 
 Donald Owens 
 Cash 
 20,000,000 
 Rule 506 (b) of Regulation D 
 
 12/26/22 
 HNO Green Fuels 
 Debt Extinguishment 
 20,000,000 
 Section 4(a)(2) 
 
 12/30/22 
 Donald Owens 
 Cash 
 80,000,000 
 Rule 506 (b) of Regulation D 
 
 1/11/23 
 Hossein Haririnia 
 Cash 
 2,000,000 
 Rule 506 (b) of Regulation D 
 
 1/13/23 
 Donald Owens 
 Cash 
 75,000,000 
 Rule 506 (b) of Regulation D 
 
 1/17/23 
 William Parker 
 Cash 
 5,000,000 
 Rule 506 (b) of Regulation D 
 
 1/2/23 
 Jasmine Louis 
 Services 
 500,000 
 Section 4(a)(2) 
 
 1/2/23 
 Greg Heller 
 Services 
 250,000 
 Section 4(a)(2) 
 
 1/2/23 
 Paul Mueller 
 Services 
 250,000 
 Section 4(a)(2) 
 
 1/2/23 
 Hossein Haririnia 
 Services 
 250,000 
 Section 4(a)(2) 
 
 1/2/23 
 William Parker 
 Services 
 100,000 
 Section 4(a)(2) 
 
 1/2/23 
 Kristina Mabry 
 Services 
 75,000 
 Section 4(a)(2) 
 
 1/2/23 
 Brian Hill 
 Services 
 250,000 
 Section 4(a)(2) 
 
 1/2/23 
 Malachi Smith 
 Services 
 75,000 
 Section 4(a)(2) 
 
 1/2/23 
 Saad Hasan 
 Services 
 75,000 
 Section 4(a)(2) 
 
 1/2/23 
 Alison Bedwell 
 Services 
 75,000 
 Section 4(a)(2) 
 
 1/2/23 
 Misty Pommier 
 Services 
 75,000 
 Section 4(a)(2) 
 
 1/2/23 
 Fernando Godinez 
 Services 
 25,000 
 Section 4(a)(2) 
 
 1/2/23 
 Gio Alpuente 
 Services 
 25,000 
 Section 4(a)(2) 
 
 1/24/23 
 Donald Owens 
 Patent Purchase Agreement 
 5,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred 
 Rule 506 (b) of Regulation D 
 
 1/31/23 
 Donald Owens 
 Cash 
 100,000,000 
 Rule 506 (b) of Regulation D 

21 

6/9/23 
 Hossein Haririnia 
 Cash 
 8,000,000 
 Rule 506 (b) of Regulation D 
 
 5/20/23 
 Raquel A Williams 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Thornal Adams 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Carl M Agard 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Angeline M Alexander 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Wesley Clifford Allen 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Berthe S. Alleyne 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Aaron Anthony Alli 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Phyllis Ann Alston 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Juliette Alston 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/29/23 
 Vernell Alston 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/28/23 
 Jasmine Alvarez 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Christopher Anderson 
 Cash 
 500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Treddis D. Anderson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Treddis D. Anderson, Jr. 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Jerome Armstead Armstead 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Ashley Chantal Armstead 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Jerome Armstead 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Kitambra Mcshay Baker 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/26/23 
 Deniece Carolyn Baker 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Darius Barnes 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Heather Ingrid Beckno 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Taylor Alonzo Belden 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Lenore P. Bell 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Broderick Dennis Bellow 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Joel Benjamin 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Joel Benjamin 
 Cash 
 300 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Kevin Bens 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Jennifer J. Berry 
 Cash 
 500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/25/23 
 Michael J. Bishop 
 Cash 
 5,600 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Danny Ray Bouie 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Danny Ray Bouie 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Philip Bowman 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Lashaunda S. Bradley 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/31/23 
 Willie Bradshaw 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Monica Marie Brewer 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Willie Cal Brown 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Keith Burleigh 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Brian Paul Burrage 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Brian Byrd 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Greg Byrd Entertainment LLC c/o Gregory S Byrd 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Sharon Hardy Caddle 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/26/23 
 Sharon Hardy Caddle 
 Cash 
 1,800 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/31/23 
 Sharon Hardy Caddle 
 Cash 
 1,200 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Julio Cesar Campos 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Alfred Eugene Carroll 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Annette Chase 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 

22 

5/25/23 
 Eldridge Louis Chism, Jr. 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Carlise T. Choate 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Chukwudi Nwokedi Chukwuelue 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Judith Christine Clarke 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Zinger Clausell Holley 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/29/23 
 Chalina Y. Clemons 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Tina Maria Clonts 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/31/23 
 Anita J. Clonts 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Anita Clonts 
 Cash 
 1,200 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/31/23 
 Lorna N. Cole 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Simone Turia Coleman 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Simone Turia Coleman 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Joe Richard Condrey 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Arthur Lee Conway 
 Cash 
 500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Keith Ryan Cortesini 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Samuel Austin Cutler 
 Cash 
 25,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Samuel Austin Cutler 
 Cash 
 74,999 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Samuel Austin Cutler 
 Cash 
 10,001 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Tammy M. Davis 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Nicola Natoya Davis 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Nicola Natoya Davis 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Marcus Hampton Davis 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Lesa Deed-ross 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Shamar Delsol 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Dawn Monique Devega 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/1/23 
 Rhonda E. Dunlap 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Charmaine Easley 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Edward Ederaine 
 Cash 
 450 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Edward Ederaine 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/30/23 
 Edward Ederaine 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Adam David Eidson 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Armando Ernesto Ellis 
 Cash 
 20,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/19/23 
 Aj Ellis 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Daniel Louis Erber 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Joni V. Evans 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 John Earl Fann 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Quenton Farr 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Anaise Margarlis Ferguson 
 Cash 
 4,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Brian Fifer 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Jerry Robin Finin 
 Cash 
 1,100 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/26/23 
 Nancy Flemming 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Jane Vinoya Flores 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Kachan A. Forbes 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Dwight Mcneal Ford 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Dwight Mcneal Ford 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Faytesha Maureen Gay 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Charles Allen Gibson 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Tyrell J. Gibson 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/21/23 
 Deric Adolphus Gilliard 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Thad Gittens 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 

23 

5/21/23 
 Thad Michael Gittens 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/21/23 
 Thad Michael Gittens 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/21/23 
 Thad Michael Gittens 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Thad Michael Gittens 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Kenneth M. Givens Jr 
 Cash 
 300 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Ramanathan Gnanadesikan 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Parrish Leshown Godchild 
 Cash 
 500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Raymos A. Gonzales 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/29/23 
 Diamond Mercedes Goodson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/19/23 
 Marcus Gravely 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Michael Allen Gravely Jr 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Kevin Eric Green 
 Cash 
 1,999 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Tawana Nichole Greene 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Sunita Usha Lianti Greenfield 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Jalon Spencer Griffin 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/30/23 
 Spencer Griffin III 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Dwight Hall 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Absalom Jovelle Hall 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Takiyaj Hall 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/25/23 
 Bettina A. Hall 
 Cash 
 4,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Willie Louis Hardy 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Ellenar Harper 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Steven Harper 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/25/23 
 Steven Harper 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 La Tonya Harris 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Christopher Harris 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/1/23 
 Melinda W. Harris 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Menarda Meshea Hayes 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Bryant Keith Hayes 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Daryl Rydell Hayes 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Menarda Meshea Hayes 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 William Mckinzie Haymon 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Johnell Haynes 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/19/23 
 Kenneth Lee Heflin 
 Cash 
 1,010 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Terry Vaughn Hemphill 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Marshonda L. Henderson 
 Cash 
 1,250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Marlow B. Hicks 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/21/23 
 Ryan Douglas High 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Yvonne Angela Hobson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Danny Holley 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Darnell Howard 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Natarsha Humphries 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Vincent Idemyor 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/30/23 
 Vincent Idemyor 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Demetrius James Ingram 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Jamin Israel 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 

24 

5/17/23 
 Ubong E. Ituen 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Eno Leonard Ituen 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Samuel Lee Jackson 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Akwasi Jackson 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Marta Jill Jaenke 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Melford James 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Clarence Jefferson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Michelle D. Jenkins 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Marvin Lee Johnson 
 Cash 
 300 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Ausey Johnson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Roscoe Johnson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Roscoe Johnson 
 Cash 
 15,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/26/23 
 Roscoe Johnson 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/30/23 
 Jacquita Sheneal Johnson House 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Sheilah Jones 
 Cash 
 600 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Gerhard Klusmann 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Paul Mark Kobylarz 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Paula Lacount 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Lamarr K. Lark 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Antwon Eugene Lark 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Brenda Elaine Lark 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/25/23 
 Karen Evon Latson 
 Cash 
 6,200 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/1/23 
 Constance Jean Leon 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Dameon Levi 
 Cash 
 2,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Eric T. Lewis 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Gail Frances Lewis 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/30/23 
 Verneil Lewis 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Eric Keith Lewis 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Jean Ann Lewis 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/31/23 
 James Alexander Lewis 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Yi Li 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Shannon D. Long 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Samuel Gabriel Long 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Omasan Macarthy 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Ricardo Maderas 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Nicole P. Marsh 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/26/23 
 Ashlee Ladonis Martin 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Edgar R. Martinez 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Michael Bernard Mason 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Tynnetta Mcbeth 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Ariel Benkadmiel Mccullough 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Harrison Mcdaniel 
 Cash 
 500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Anthony J. Mineo 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Orlene Rebecca Mitchell 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Kathleen Mitchell 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Orlene Rebecca Mitchell 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Jarodrick Mixon 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Julien Mondesir 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/25/23 
 Randy Andrell Moore 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 

25 

5/22/23 
 David Christopher Morehead 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Kerry Morgan 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/27/23 
 Stephanie Morris 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Daniella Muhyee 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/21/23 
 Daniella Muhyee 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Rashad Abdul Muhyee 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/26/23 
 Chloe Neff 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/21/23 
 Shereka Norfleet 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/25/23 
 Yong Mi Norfleet 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Brian Norwood 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/26/23 
 Brian Norwood 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/28/23 
 Delories Ann Nunnery 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/30/23 
 Nicole Denise O'keefe 
 Cash 
 2,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Luke James O'toole 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Security Solutions Int'l LLC c/o Luke James O'toole 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/28/23 
 Charlotte Monique Oakman 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Bridgitt Evelyn Ocloo-bonsu 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/28/23 
 Jermaine Kwabena Ofosu-anim 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Daniel Parker 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/26/23 
 Michael Patterson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/27/23 
 Gail Paty 
 Cash 
 1,600 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Edwin Etiene Perez Hernandez 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Latoya Patrice Perry 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/19/23 
 Angela Perryman 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 John B. Pierpont 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Joseann Laurraine Plunkett 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Joseann Laurraine Plunkett 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Austin J. Pope 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Alton Pounall 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Annie Priester 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Tywan D. Purnell 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Tarsha Monique Purnell 
 Cash 
 500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Tywan Donta Purnell 
 Cash 
 30,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/31/23 
 Tywan Donta Purnell 
 Cash 
 19,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/19/23 
 Humphrey O. Quao 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/26/23 
 Riley Quintanilla 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 James Alexander Randle 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/19/23 
 Diana M. Randolph 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/28/23 
 Carlo Rhodes 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/30/23 
 Anita M. Rhodes 
 Cash 
 2,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Nancy Ann Rieger 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/27/23 
 Patricia Ann Robinson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/31/23 
 Erma Robinson 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/27/23 
 Armeta Jacks Ross 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 

26 

5/16/23 
 Kevin Crisando Ruskin 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/25/23 
 Dharunkumar Sadasivam 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/25/23 
 Dharunkumar Sadasivam 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/26/23 
 Dharunkumar Sadasivam 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Khafrakhafre Raha Sakhara 
 Cash 
 500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Janice VernidaSanderlin 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Demetrius Verone Scott 
 Cash 
 2,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Demetrius Verone Scott 
 Cash 
 2,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Olakunde Sentwali 
 Cash 
 500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/19/23 
 Marvin Antoine Sewell 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Debra A .Shannon 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Oscar Shepherd 
 Cash 
 7,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Keith Nathaniel Singletary 
 Cash 
 500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Keith Nathaniel Singletary 
 Cash 
 300 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Donte Small 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Johnny Smith 
 Cash 
 15,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Monica J. Smith 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Maurice Anthony Smith 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/19/23 
 Johnny Smith 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Felicia Annette Elizabeth Smith 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/25/23 
 Johnny Smith 
 Cash 
 1,100 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/25/23 
 Glenn Wendall Soriano 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Theodore O. Spaulding 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Ellie Stewart, Trustee 
 Cash 
 2,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/27/23 
 Michelle N. Taylor 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Travis N. Tennant 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 James R. Thomas 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Leland Wayne Thomas 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/30/23 
 Angel Martin Torres 
 Cash 
 1,010 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/25/23 
 Ivory Traynham 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Kelly R. Tucker 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Donald J. Turner 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Dexter Devone Turner 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/21/23 
 John Ruben Vann 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 John Ruben Vann 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/21/23 
 Ray Vaughn 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/26/23 
 Sivaprakasam Venkatachalam 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Milton Vickers 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Kareem Virgo 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Peter M. Wachira 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Marva Angela Wade 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 William Franklyn Wainwright 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/26/23 
 Braylon Wade Walker 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Levoda Jean Walker 
 Cash 
 12,000 
 Regulation A 

27 

5/31/23 
 Emmett Lee Walker 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/26/23 
 Bracy Wardell Walker Jr. 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Verneilia A. Wanza 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Lloyd G. Warren 
 Cash 
 20,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/30/23 
 Dereke Earle Watkins 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Joshua Jamal Watson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Michael Anthony Watson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/1/23 
 Michael Anthony Watson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/19/23 
 Donald Henry Wedlock 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Carey O'neal Welch 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Vernon Windell Whitaker 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/31/23 
 Vernon Windell Whitaker 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Zamounte Ranauld Whitted 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Derrick Roosevelt Wiggins Jr 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Charles Scott Williams 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/19/23 
 Linda Williams 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/26/23 
 Sharen Willis 
 Cash 
 1,250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Najuma Willis 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/29/23 
 Erika Willis 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Wilson Willmott 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Darryl Christopher Wood 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/25/23 
 John Mark Woodard 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/31/23 
 Jordan Michael Woods 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/1/23 
 Jordan Michael Woods 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Cheryl S. Wright 
 Cash 
 500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/25/23 
 Fredricka Yancy 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Nicholas Jason Yeagley 
 Cash 
 4,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Bevan Elton Yhun 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Thelma Loretta Young 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Clovis Maria Young 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Reginald C. Young 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/3/23 
 Zawadi Abdi 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Zane Deshaun Adams 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/11/23 
 Zane Adams 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/26/23 
 Lalit K. Aggarwal 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/1/23 
 James Alston 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Juliette Suggs Alston 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Billy Arp Jr. 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Phyllis Atkinson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/4/23 
 Tony Ayoso 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/12/23 
 Shelley Baity 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/12/23 
 Shelley Baity 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/12/23 
 Mary Carla Baity 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Nathaniel Alexander Barnes 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Cheryl Anne Bassard 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Tobias Beals 
 Cash 
 4,000 
 Regulation A 

28 

6/5/23 
 Tracey Bell 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/14/23 
 Kevin Bens 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/9/23 
 Kevin Bens 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/10/23 
 Kevin Bens 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Antoinette Almeda Benton 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/16/23 
 Ashley Celeste Bradshaw 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/29/23 
 Debora Brown 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/3/23 
 Debora Brown 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Kathy Burton-bell 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/13/23 
 Kathy Burton-bell 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Annie Bush 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Melanie Regina Cager 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/9/23 
 Lakia Cager 
 Cash 
 1,100 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Alfred Eugene Carroll 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Jerrell Carter 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/9/23 
 Wilketa T. Cherry 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/2/23 
 Nina Diann Christian 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Camelle N. Christie 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Audrey G. Clarke 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/4/23 
 Jaysen Anthony Coffil 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/12/23 
 Vincent Leonard Conklin 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/11/23 
 Mary B. Conover 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Arthur Lee Conway 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Marlon G. Cook 
 Cash 
 300 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Melvon Abdul Cost 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/2/23 
 Irene Crenshaw 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Samuel Austin Cutler 
 Cash 
 2,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/30/23 
 Dwayne L. Demby 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 James Thomas Demby Jr. 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Thomas Franklin Dennis 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/9/23 
 Tanya Renee Diggs 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Daniel Louis Erber 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Jaylene Angela Flores 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/14/23 
 Keith Forde 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/7/23 
 Caesar Heggner Gary 
 Cash 
 1,700 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Demetry Daniel Geddie 
 Cash 
 1,100 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/30/23 
 Deric Adolphus Gilliard 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/3/23 
 Thad Michael Gittens 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/13/23 
 Thad Michael Gittens 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Parrish Leshown Godchild 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/9/23 
 Dana Carter Gold 
 Cash 
 2,699 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Hillard Goldsmith Iii 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Michael George Graham 
 Cash 
 1,001 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/12/23 
 Frederick E. Grant 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/26/23 
 Miriam Lee Gray 
 Cash 
 2,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Tawana Nichole Greene 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 

29 

5/22/23 
 Wilson Guilbeaux 
 Cash 
 150,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/9/23 
 Barry Wayne Hackney 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Joel Nathaniel Hall 
 Cash 
 4,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Joel Nathaniel Hall 
 Cash 
 4,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Nathan Mac Hardy 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Christopher Harris 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/1/23 
 Taleia Harris 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/3/23 
 Nathaniel Harris 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/14/23 
 Menarda Meshea Hayes 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/11/23 
 Bryant Keith Hayes 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/14/23 
 Marzel Hedrick 
 Cash 
 1,450 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/27/23 
 Telayah Trishae Hendrix 
 Cash 
 1,130 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/31/23 
 Brianne Alise Hill 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/7/23 
 Yvonne Angela Hobson 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/4/23 
 Charlene Hunt Pickett 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Infinite Vision Holdings, Inc. 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/15/23 
 Samuel Lee Jackson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/15/23 
 Bernadette Jackson-Whitaker 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/11/23 
 Glenn Jarrett 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/31/23 
 Roscoe Johnson 
 Cash 
 2,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/14/23 
 Michelle Annette Johnson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/21/23 
 Courtney Latrice Johnson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Michael Jerome Johnson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Leslie Johnson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/7/23 
 Patti J. Johnson 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/9/23 
 Roscoe Johnson 
 Cash 
 4,200 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Chikira Jones 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/2/23 
 Edward Charles Jones 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/25/23 
 Ulysses Keith 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/9/23 
 Frances Anne Keith 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Miles Kenner 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 John L. King 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Matthew Maurice Latson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/11/23 
 Michael Ledgister 
 Cash 
 7,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Odell Ledgister 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/3/23 
 Michael Ledgister 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Lisa Lewis 
 Cash 
 1,008 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Pamela Merriatta Lewis 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Regina Lynice Lomax 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Akeisa Raheem Lowe 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Anthony Marc Lucas 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/9/23 
 Rae Ann Luster 
 Cash 
 1,030 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/12/23 
 Michael John Mack 
 Cash 
 1,700 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Michael John Mack 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Truman Bruce Mason 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Stephen James Mccreary 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Harrison Mcdaniel 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 

30 

5/26/23 
 Blake Ryan Mcpherson 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/7/23 
 Gina Mills 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Brian Mitchell 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Brandon Todd Mitchell 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Marcia M. Mitrano 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Marcia M. Mitrano 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Marpressa Joellen Mobley-Turner 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/13/23 
 Kerry Morgan 
 Cash 
 9,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/10/23 
 Yvette Lorraine Morrell 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/9/23 
 Stephen Morrell 
 Cash 
 2,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/9/23 
 Stephen Morrell 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Daniella Muhyee 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/7/23 
 Daniella Muhyee 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/2/23 
 Ronald L. Nagy 
 Cash 
 7,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Lisa Marie Norris 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Brian Norwood 
 Cash 
 7,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/28/23 
 Delories Ann Nunnery 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/13/23 
 Daniel Parker 
 Cash 
 3,750 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/13/23 
 Gail Paty 
 Cash 
 4,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 James Oliver Perry 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/15/23 
 Quanisha Perry 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/19/23 
 Angela Perryman 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/7/23 
 Sonja Pinto 
 Cash 
 1,100 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/11/23 
 Lydia R. Pitts 
 Cash 
 2,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/7/23 
 Joseann Laurraine Plunkett 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Dorothy Lucile Preston 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/11/23 
 Delroy Pryce 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/2/23 
 Mohammed Salim Purmul 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/2/23 
 Daren Lee Purnell 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Humphrey O. Quao 
 Cash 
 15,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/1/23 
 Shenitha Raines 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/11/23 
 Joanie Lynn Rapier 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/29/23 
 Barbara Bulgin Redic 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Erma Robinson 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Patricia Ann Robinson 
 Cash 
 4,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/11/23 
 Patricia Ann Robinson 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/7/23 
 Nancy Ruth Roundtree Johnson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/16/23 
 Unlimited Wealth Entertainment 
 Cash 
 250 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/12/23 
 Unlimited Wealth Entertainment 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Kevin Crisando Ruskin 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Dharunkumar Sadasivam 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/16/23 
 Derek Allen Schneider 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/10/23 
 Anthony Aron Seute 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/12/23 
 Jacques Chonet Severe 
 Cash 
 9,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Norman Linwood Simmons 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Cheryl Simmons 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Johnny Smith 
 Cash 
 15,000 
 Regulation A 

31 

5/26/23 
 Theodore O. Spaulding 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/12/23 
 Theodore O. Spaulding 
 Cash 
 100,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Richard A. Spencer 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Martise N. Spencer 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/7/23 
 Sonja K. Starks 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/4/23 
 Ellie Stewart, Trustee 
 Cash 
 2,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/25/23 
 Tonjia Lynn Stone 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/26/23 
 Dilip Subramanian 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Iupita Taoete 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/12/23 
 Ronnie Harston Taylor 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/23/23 
 Ronnie Harston Taylor 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Early Thomas Taylor Jr 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/21/23 
 Donna Maria Thomas 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/10/23 
 Michael Kieth Thompson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/12/23 
 Theresa Thompson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/21/23 
 William Lee Tucker 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Dexter Devone Turner 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Dexter Devone Turner 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/2/23 
 Jane Denise Underwood 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/31/23 
 Sherita Yvette Vann 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 John Ruben Vann 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/7/23 
 John Stacey Vann 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Kim Vu 
 Cash 
 55,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Wealth Solutionz LLC 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Verneilia Adrienne Wanza 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/31/23 
 Brittney Watkins 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/13/23 
 Julie Marie Webb 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Leroy Ralph Bernard Whyte 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/12/23 
 Leonard A. Williams 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/1/23 
 Gilbert Leroy Williams 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Kareem Lamonte Williams 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/7/23 
 Sean A.C. Williams 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Mary Corine Williams 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Dominique Desirae Williams 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Warren S. Williams 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Christopher James Williams 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/21/23 
 Raymond Williams Jr. 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/30/23 
 Jerome Williams, Sr. 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/11/23 
 Peggy Wilson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/9/23 
 Gloria J. Woodard 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/16/23 
 Thornal L Adams 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Amitabh Anil Adhikari 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/13/23 
 Aaron Anthony Alli 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/15/23 
 Tracy Michelle Anderson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/23/23 
 Kim Renee Atkinson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/12/23 
 Larry W Austin 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/26/23 
 Gene Bailey 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 

32 

6/20/23 
 Ramon Balinas 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/17/23 
 Christopher M Barnes 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/17/23 
 Trudy Battle 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/7/23 
 Heather Ingrid Beckno 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/23/23 
 Darryl D Bennett 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/29/23 
 Kevin Bens 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/4/23 
 Kevin Bens 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/19/23 
 Toney Lee Brooks 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/28/23 
 Debora Brown 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/22/23 
 Joyce Burwell 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/1/23 
 April Byrd 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/21/23 
 Tionna Cager 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/20/23 
 Rewa Campbell 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/2/23 
 Connie Roberts Carrell 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/6/23 
 Jaysen Anthony Coffil 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Ashley Dawson 
 Cash 
 4,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/20/23 
 Veronica De Jesus 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Sherry Michelle Eddington 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/7/23 
 Wayne Ervin 
 Cash 
 2,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Wanda J Fields 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/22/23 
 Ayanna Flegler 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/22/23 
 Corey Darnelle Flowers 
 Cash 
 2,800 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/6/23 
 Dwight Mcneal Ford 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/21/23 
 Georgia Garcia Flores 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/13/23 
 Regina Gardner 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/20/23 
 John Leslie Garwood 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/20/23 
 Pamela E Gibson 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/26/23 
 Pamela E Gibson 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/12/23 
 Michael George Graham Dana Nicole Graham, JTWROS 
 Cash 
 1,001 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/16/23 
 Sharon O Grant-White 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Pamela Jean Harlan 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/27/23 
 Christopher Harris 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/21/23 
 Ebony Ticola Harris 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/19/23 
 Nathaniel Harris 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/20/23 
 Bryant Keith Hayes 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/22/23 
 Bryant Keith Hayes 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/8/23 
 Robin Angela Hill 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/17/23 
 Karen A Hill 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/24/23 
 Ronald Rudolph Hinds 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/19/23 
 Sanridge Corporation 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Latangela Hyman 
 Cash 
 1,750 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/19/23 
 Infinite Vision Holdings, Inc 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/11/23 
 Jamin Israel 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/1/23 
 Sabrina Jackson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/20/23 
 Teshay Jacobs 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/27/23 
 Marc Hansley Jean-Francois 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/9/23 
 Thomas Edwards Jenkins 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/21/23 
 Lorraine V Johnson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 

33 

6/26/23 
 Roscoe Johnson 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/5/23 
 Roscoe Johnson 
 Cash 
 8,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/30/23 
 Edward Charles Jones 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/20/23 
 Robert Kindle 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/29/23 
 Kandace Erin Latson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/21/23 
 Patricia A Leal-Mack 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Samuel James Leon 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/26/23 
 Darryl Leonard 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/23/23 
 James Alexander Lewis Yolanda Jo Lewis, JTWROS 
 Cash 
 2,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/23/23 
 Yolanda Jo Lewis 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/23/23 
 James Alexander Lewis 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/17/23 
 Duane Little 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/18/23 
 Samuel Gabriel Long 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/25/23 
 Eva M Kennedy 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/30/23 
 Demetrius Donell Martin 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/2/23 
 James Mayes 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/25/23 
 William Henry Mccargo 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/27/23 
 Adrienne Renee McCloud Larry Rosse McCloud, JTWROS 
 Cash 
 7,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/22/23 
 Tasha Tamica McCrae 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Tonya Tanesha McCray 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/11/23 
 Edward G. McCurbin 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/6/23 
 Raul Mejia 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/22/23 
 Jarodrick Mixon 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/19/23 
 Kelvin Victor Musgrove 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/30/23 
 Sylvia Melinda Ogle 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/7/23 
 Cynthia L H O'Neal Marzettis A O'Neal, JTWROS 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Daniel Parker 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/11/23 
 Michael Perez 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/18/23 
 Sy Phan 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/27/23 
 Anthony Pierre 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/20/23 
 Salim Porter 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/26/23 
 Salim Porter 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/26/23 
 Salim Porter 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/14/23 
 Elwyn Roy Pryce 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Alex Reiner 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/22/23 
 Bryant Robertson 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/19/23 
 Laquinya M Robinson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/20/23 
 Quintin Jerome Robinson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/30/23 
 Russell Edward Roy Jr Kimberly Roy, JTWROS 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/21/23 
 Unlimited Wealth Entertainment 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 

34 

6/29/23 
 Janice Vernida Sanderlin 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/28/23 
 Roseline Volney Sherfield 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/9/23 
 Jean Alexandra Smith 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/7/23 
 Darrell Karlsten Smith 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/29/23 
 Vera Lynn Strong 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/26/23 
 Shenika Renee Tate 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/16/23 
 Camilla Thompson 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/22/23 
 William Lee Tucker 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/4/23 
 William Lee Tucker 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/29/23 
 Sierra Delaine Turner 
 Cash 
 1,100 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/15/23 
 Dexter Devone Turner 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/13/23 
 Alita Agnes Webb 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/22/23 
 Alita Agnes Webb 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/13/23 
 Keisha Atkinson Whitaker 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/6/23 
 Vernon Windell Whitaker Betty J Whitaker, JTWROS 
 Cash 
 3,100 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/28/23 
 KLM INVESTMENTS LLC 
 Cash 
 30,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/13/23 
 Raymond Williams Jr 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/11/23 
 Michael Forrest Willis 
 Cash 
 1,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/10/23 
 Jacqueline AnnMarie Bogle Kedora Nekeisha Henry, JTWROS 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 KA Property Holdings LLC 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/24/23 
 Jonathan David Diaz Sr 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/9/23 
 Derek John Dougherty 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/10/23 
 Derek John Dougherty 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/14/23 
 Thad Michael Gittens Angela Davis Gittens, JTWROS 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/10/23 
 KERRY TROY HENRY KEDORA NEKEISHA HENRY 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/8/23 
 Evelyn Yvonne Jenkins 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/10/23 
 Roscoe Johnson 
 Cash 
 14,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/19/23 
 Roscoe Johnson 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/7/23 
 Racheal Moore 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/12/23 
 TMCS, Inc 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/26/23 
 E. Lance McCarthy Dr 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/13/23 
 Daniella Muhyee 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/7/23 
 Thomas James Hudgins O'Neal Shana LaTae Ratliff O'Neal, JTWROS 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/27/23 
 Olachea Industries, LLC 
 Cash 
 1,444 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/10/23 
 Isi None Osahon 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/21/23 
 Bradford LaVaughn Perry 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 

35 

6/5/23 
 Deborah Denise Phillips 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/17/23 
 Linda D Polk 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/5/23 
 Joseph Andrew Rossini 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/19/23 
 James Edward Scott 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/24/23 
 James Edward Scott 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/8/23 
 Guelda Severe 
 Cash 
 4,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/20/23 
 Robert Thomas 
 Cash 
 2,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/7/23 
 Probilt Fabricators Inc. 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/1/23 
 Sheila Willis 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/28/23 
 Mary Ann Woods 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/31/23 
 Leon Osborne Allen 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/31/23 
 Tywan Donta Purnell 
 Cash 
 60,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/31/23 
 Raymond Williams Jr 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 9/1/23 
 Antoine D Carlisle 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 8/23/23 
 Dwayne L Demby 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 8/23/23 
 James Thomas Demby Jr. 
 Cash 
 4,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 8/30/23 
 Nicholas Fernicola 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 8/31/23 
 Serrita Highland 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 8/20/23 
 Walter Carl Jimison Sr 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 8/18/23 
 Jennefir J Lamb 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/13/23 
 LaKisha Monika Payne 
 Cash 
 2,500 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Mark G Prince Karen G Prince, JTWROS 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 9/7/23 
 Joan Roberts 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/27/23 
 Ronnie Harston Taylor Lula Veronica Taylor, JTWROS 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 9/2/23 
 Camilla Thompson 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 8/25/23 
 Penny H White 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 6/5/23 
 Charles Scott Williams Kimberly Dawn Williams, JTWROS 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 5/24/23 
 Wilson Willmott 
 Cash 
 3,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 10/5/23 
 Wesley Clifford Allen 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 10/11/23 
 Kevin Bens 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 9/11/23 
 Ausey Johnson 
 Cash 
 4,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 9/29/23 
 Tywan Donta Purnell 
 Cash 
 8,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 10/9/23 
 GHS Investments, LLC 
 Commitment Shares 
 24,753 
 Rule 506(b) of Regulation D 
 
 10/16/23 
 Larry Overton 
 Cash 
 10,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 10/19/23 
 Justin Albert Brannon 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 10/30/23 
 James Gaines 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 10/1/23 
 Nathaniel Harris 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 10/17/23 
 Demetrius James Ingram 
 Cash 
 5,001 
 Regulation A 
 
 10/17/23 
 Keisha Shavonne JacksonMurry 
 Cash 
 1,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 10/9/23 
 Edgar R Martinez 
 Cash 
 5,000 
 Regulation A 
 
 7/4/23 
 ilona Lynea Munoz 
 Cash 
 4,500 
 Regulation A 

No sales commissions were paid in connection with
any of the sales above. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

36 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This discussion
and analysis may include statements regarding our expectations with respect to our future performance, liquidity, and capital resources.
Such statements, along with any other non-historical statements in the discussion, are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements
are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, factors listed in other documents we file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the "SEC''). We do not assume an obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Our actual results
may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any of the forward-looking statements contained herein. 

Overview 

HNO focuses on systems engineering design, integration,
and product development to generate green hydrogen-based clean energy solutions to help businesses and communities decarbonize in the
near term. 

HNO stands for Hydrogen and Oxygen and our experienced
management team has over 13 years of expertise in the green hydrogen production industry. 

We provide green hydrogen systems engineering design,
integration, and products to multiple markets, which include: (i) the zero-emission vehicle and mobile equipment market consisting of
hydrogen fuel cell electric passenger vehicles, material handling equipment such as forklifts and airport ground support equipment, as
well as the medium and heavy-duty truck market; (ii) the current and emerging hydrogen gas markets encompassing ammonia, fertilizer, steel,
mining, electronics, semiconductors, and fuel cell electric vehicles; (iii) and the gasoline and diesel engine emissions and maintenance
reduction product and services market. 

On May 16, 2023, we began accepting subscription agreements
from investors as part of a 75 million offering under Regulation A. During the year ended October 31, 2023, we issued 2,026,532 shares
of common stock under our Regulation A offering. 

Results of Operations 

For the Years Ended October 31, 2023 and 2022 

Revenues - For the year ended October 31, 2023,
revenue generated from hydrogen engineering services and combustion solutions was 13,000 compared to 34,450 for the year ended October
31, 2022. The decrease in revenues of 34,450 is mainly attributable to our inability to secure additional contracts for hydrogen engineering
services and combustion solutions during the current year. 

Cost of Sales and Gross Profits For
the year ended October 31, 2023, our cost of goods sold was 5,885, resulting in a gross profit of 7,115. In comparison, for the year
ended October 31, 2022, our cost of goods sold were 27,692, resulting in a gross profit of 6,758. The cost of goods sold were expenses
made to contract labor in association with revenue generation. 

Operating Expenses - Operating expenses for
the year ended October 31, 2023, were 1,450,554 compared to 1,078,141 for the same period in 2022. This is attributable to our efforts
to expand operations, which resulted in increased costs related to contract labor and general and administrative expenses. In 2023, we
experienced an increase in hiring contract labor to support our Research and Development program. We also expanded our staff to support
increased sales and marketing efforts. 

Net Loss - Net loss for the year ended October
31, 2023, was 1,441,335 compared to a net loss of 1,071,309 during the same period in 2022. 

Forward-Looking Considerations 

The Company recognizes the possibility of future increases
in labor or material costs. Factors such as evolving market conditions, potential inflation, and global economic dynamics are considered.
We are actively monitoring these aspects to anticipate and navigate any forthcoming rises in labor or material expenses. 

Cost-to-Revenue - The Company is assessing
alterations in the relationship between cost of sales and revenue. We are examining the factors influencing these changes, including shifts
in prices and fluctuations in the volume of services sold. Understanding the impact of these elements is crucial for maintaining a balanced
and effective cost-to-revenue structure. 

37 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

For the Years Ended October 31, 2023 and 2022 

Our cash balance of 235,159 as of October 31, 2023,
combined with the profits from our operations, is not sufficient to maintain operations. Therefore, we will need to raise additional funds
in the near future to support our operations and growth plans. Our cash balance on October 31, 2022, was 51,109 for a difference of 184,050. 

We have not
been able to generate sufficient cash from operating activities to fund our ongoing operations. We have raised capital through sales of
common stock and debt securities. 

The effect of
existing or probable government regulations on our business is not known at this time. Due to the nature of our business, it is anticipated
that there may be increasing government regulation that may cause us to have to take serious corrective actions or make changes to the
business plan. 

There are no external sources of liquidity available
to us at this time. We will need to raise additional capital through equity financings or other means in order to continue operations
and meet its obligations. Failure to obtain additional funding could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the
results of operations. 

Cash Flow 

For the Years Ended October 31, 2023 and 2022 

The following table summarizes our cash flows for
the periods indicated below: 

For the Year Ended October 31, 2023 
 For the Year Ended October 31, 2022 
 
 Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 (1,427,284 
 (1,121,708 
 
 Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 2,520,033 
 1,172,827 
 
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 (908,699 
 (10 

Cash Used in Operating Activities 

During the year ended October 31, 2023 cash used in
operating activities of 1,427,284 primarily reflected our net losses for the period, adjusted by non-cash charges such as depreciation
and share based compensation, as well as changes in our working capital accounts, primarily consisting of an increase in accrued interest
payable and payroll taxes, and a decrease in security deposit and accounts payable. 

During the year ended October 31, 2022 cash used in
operating activities of 1,121,708 primarily reflected our net losses for the period and changes in our working capital accounts, primarily
consisting of an increase in a due from related party and accrued interest payable, and a decrease in security deposit. 

Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

During the year ended October 31, 2023, cash provided
by financing activities was 2,520,033, which consisted of proceeds from related party note payable of 185,000 and 2,335,033 in proceeds
obtained through the Company s active Regulation A offering sale of common stock. 

During the year ended October 31, 2022, cash provided
by financing activities was 1,172,827, which primarily consisted of proceeds from related party notes payable of 1,172,817. 

Cash Provided by Investing Activities 

During the year ended October 31, 2023, cash used
in investing activities was 908,699. The Company purchased 804,878 in property and equipment and 103,821 in SAFE note. 

During the year ended October 31, 2022, cash used
in investing activities was 10, which consisted of the termination of an acquisition of a subsidiary. 

38 

Going Concern 

Our financial statements have been prepared assuming
we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course
of business. During the year ended October 31, 2023, we incurred a net loss of 1,441,335 and used cash in operating activities of 1,427,284.
These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not
include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and the classification
of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

There are no off-balance sheet arrangements with any
party. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation
of financial statements in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. A change in managements 
estimates or assumptions could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations during the period in which
such changes occurred. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Our financial statements reflect all adjustments that management
believes are necessary for the fair presentation of their financial condition and results of operations for the periods presented. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. 

The financial statements and related notes are included
as part of this Annual Report. 

39 

HNO INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 INDEX 

 October 31, 2023 and 2022 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 5041) 
 F-1 
 
 Audited Balance Sheets 
 F-2 
 
 Audited Statements of Operations 
 F-3 
 
 Audited Statement of Stockholders' Deficit 
 F-4 
 
 Audited Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Audited Financial Statements 
 F-6 

40 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
HNO International, Inc.: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of HNO International, Inc. (the Company as of October 31, 2023 and 2022 and the related consolidated statements
of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the two years in the period ended October 31, 2023, and the related notes
and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the two years in the period ended October 31, 2023 and 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Going Concern Matter 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered
recurring losses from operations that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in
regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

Critical audit matters
are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We determined that there
are no critical audit matters. 

/S/ BF Borgers CPA PC 

 (PCAOB ID 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2022 

January
29, 2024 

F- 1 

HNO INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
BALANCE SHEETS 

October 31, 

October 31, 

2023 

2022 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Due from related party 

Total Current Assets 

Non-Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Long term asset 

Security deposits 

Total Non-Current Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

LIABILITIES 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest payable 

Payroll tax 

Notes payable, related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long term notes payable, related party 

Total Liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized 

Series A, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2023 and October 31, 2022, respectively 

Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2023 and October 31, 2022, respectively 

Common stock payable 

Common stock subscription receivable 

() 

() 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

() 

() 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

F- 2 

HNO INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended 
October 31, 

2023 
 
 2022 

Revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

() 

() 
 
 Gross Profit 

Operating expenses 

Security Service 

Share based compensation 

Advertising and marketing 

Contract labor 

Depreciation and amortization 

General and administrative expenses 

Insurance 

Interest expense 

Legal and accounting fees 

Meals expenses 

Office expenses 

Professional fees 

Payroll expenses 

Payroll service fees 

Rent 

Travel expenses 

Utilities 

Vehicle expenses 

Total Operating Expenses 

Other Income 

Interest income 

Total Other Income 

Loss from Operations 

() 

() 
 
 Net Loss 

() 

() 
 
 PER SHARE AMOUNTS 

Basic and diluted net loss 
per share 

() 

() 
 
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

F- 3 

HNO INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 
For the year ended October 31, 2022 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Stock 
 
 Share Subscription 
 
 Additional Paid-in 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Payable 
 
 Receivable 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Deficit 

Balance at October 31, 2021 

() 

() 
 
 Shares issued for acquisition 

() 

Shares issued for consulting services 

() 

Shares cancelled for cancellation of acquisition 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock returned to treasury 

() 

() 

Net loss for the year ended October 31, 2022 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at October 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

For the year ended October 31, 2023 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Stock 
 
 Share Subscription 
 
 Additional Paid-in 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Payable 
 
 Receivable 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Deficit 

Balance at October 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Common stock issued for cash 

Common stock based compensation 

Common stock issued for settlement of debt 

Series A preferred issued pursuant to patent agreement 

Regulation A common stock issuances 

() 

Common stock issued for financing commitment 

Net loss for the year ended October 31, 2023 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at October 31, 2023 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

F- 4 

HNO INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended 
October 31, 

2023 
 
 2022 

Cash Flow from Operating Activities 

Net loss for the period 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Share based compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Increase (Decrease) in accounts payable 

() 
 
 (Increase) Decrease in due from related party 

() 
 
 (Increase) Decrease in security deposit 

() 

() 
 
 Increase in accrued interest payable 

Increase in payroll taxes 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

() 

() 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from related party note payable 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Proceeds from long term notes 

Repayment of related party note payable 

() 

() 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Proceeds from sale of investment 

() 
 
 Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

Purchase of long-term asset 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

() 

Net increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Interest and Income Taxes Paid: 

Interest paid during the period 

Income taxes paid during the period 

Supplemental Disclosure for Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Series A preferred stock issued pursuant to patent agreement 

Common stock issued for conversion of debt 

Common stock issued for acquisition 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

F- 5 

HNO INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 OCTOBER 31, 2023 

Years 
 
 Large Equipment 
 Years 
 
 Vehicles 
 Years 

years. The Company periodically
evaluates the reasonableness of the useful lives of these assets. Once these assets are fully amortized, they are removed from the accounts.
These assets are reviewed for impairment or obsolescence when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may
not be recoverable. If impaired, intangible assets are written down to fair value based on discounted cash flows or other valuation techniques.
The Company has no intangibles with indefinite lives. 

.
We have not been able to generate sufficient cash from operating activities to fund our ongoing operations. We will be required to raise
additional funds through public or private financing, additional collaborative relationships, or other arrangements until we are able
to raise revenues to a point of positive cash flow. We are evaluating various options to further reduce our cash requirements to operate
at a reduced rate, as well as options to raise additional funds, including obtaining loans and selling common stock. There is no guarantee
that we will be able to generate enough revenue and/or raise capital to support operations. 

Based on the above factors, substantial doubt exists
about our ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the issuance of these condensed financial statements. 

Small Equipment 

Large Equipment 

Property and Equipment, Gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and Equipment, Net 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended October 31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 

shares of its Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Owens, valued at . 

The details of the patents
acquired are listed in the table below, which includes information on the patent numbers, titles, and status in various countries. 

COUNTRY 
 
 APPLN 
 NO 
 
 PATENT 
 NUMBER 
 TITLE 
 STATUS 

US 

13/844,267 

8,757,107 
 HYDROGEN SUPPLEMENTAL SYSTEM FOR ON-DEMAND HYDROGEN GENERATION FOR INTERNAL COMBUSTION ENGINES 

Issued 

US 

13/922,351 

9,453,457 
 HYDROGEN SUPPLEMENTAL SYSTEM FOR ON-DEMAND HYDROGEN GENERATION FOR INTERNAL COMBUSTION ENGINES 

Issued 

US 

14/016,388 

9,476,357 
 METHOD AND APPARATUS FOR INCREASING COMBUSTION EFFICIENCY AND REDUCING PARTICULATE MATTER EMISSIONS IN JET ENGINES 

Issued 

US 

14/326,801 

9,267,468 
 HYDROGEN SUPPLEMENTAL SYSTEM FOR ON-DEMAND HYDROGEN GENERATION FOR INTERNAL COMBUSTION ENGINES 

Issued 

US 

17/047,041 

10,920,717 
 HYDROGEN PRODUCING SYSTEM AND DEVICE FOR IMPROVING FUEL EFFICIENCY AND REDUCING EMISSIONS OF INTERNAL COMBUSTION AND/OR DIESEL ENGINES 

Issued 

AUSTRALIA 

2019405749 

2019405749 
 HYDROGEN PRODUCING SYSTEM AND DEVICE FOR IMPROVING FUEL EFFICIENCY AND REDUCING EMISSIONS OF INTERNAL COMBUSTION AND/OR DIESEL ENGINES 

Issued 

CHINA 
 201980092511 .1 
 
 HYDROGEN PRODUCING SYSTEM AND DEVICE FOR IMPROVING FUEL EFFICIENCY 

Pending 

EUROPE 

19900413.6. 
 
 HYDROGEN PRODUCING SYSTEM AND DEVICE FOR IMPROVING FUEL EFFICIENCY 

Pending 

JAPAN 

2021-535288 
 
 HYDROGEN PRODUCING SYSTEM AND DEVICE FOR IMPROVING FUEL EFFICIENCY 

Pending 

Intangible assets at October 31,
2023 and 2022, consisted of the following: 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Intangible Assets, net 

Amortization
expense for the year ended October 31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 

shares of common stock,
par value .001. 

Increase in Authorized Capital Stock 

 On January 4, 2023, the Board of Directors
and a majority of the Company s stockholders approved the proposal to increase the number of shares of capital stock that the Company
is authorized to issue to . On January 6, 2023, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation
with the Secretary of State of Nevada to increase the total authorized capital from shares to shares consisting
of shares of common stock, par value , and shares of preferred stock, par value . 

Stock Issued 

On November 13, 2021, the Company entered into a
Share Exchange Agreement by and between Company and Donald Owens (the Share Exchange Agreement ), who was the sole
shareholder of HNO Hydrogen Generators, Inc., owning shares of common stock, par value per share, of HNO Hydrogen
Generators, Inc. (the HNO Delaware Shares pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire the HNO Delaware Shares
from Mr. Owens in exchange for the issuance by the Company to Mr. Owens of shares of common stock, par value per
share, of the Company. The Share Exchange Agreement and the transactions set forth therein were approved by the Company s
Board on November 13, 2021, and transactions closed on the same day, at which time HNO Hydrogen Generators, Inc., became a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company. 

On August
22, 2022, the Company entered into a Termination of Share Exchange Agreement by and between the Company and Donald Owens, pursuant to
which both parties agreed to cancel the Share Exchange Agreement dated November 13, 2021. Mr. Owens shares of common stock
were returned to the Company for cancellation and the HNO Delaware Shares were returned to Mr. Owens. HNO Hydrogen Generators,
Inc. is no longer a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

 During the quarter
ended January 31, 2023, the Company entered into Stock Subscription Agreements with Donald Owens, the Company s Chairman of the
Board of Directors, whereby the Company privately sold a total of shares of its common stock, par value per share, common stock for a cash purchase price of . Donald Owens is an accredited investor (under Rule 506
(b) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended). The in proceeds from the sale of common stock will be used
for operating capital. The shares are restricted securities under Rule 144 of the Securities Act. 

On January 17,
2023, the Company entered into a Stock Subscription Agreement with William Parker, a member of the Company s Board of Directors,
whereby the Company privately sold a total of shares of its common stock, par value per share, common stock for a cash purchase price of . William Parker is an accredited investor (under Rule 506 (b) of Regulation D under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended). The in proceeds from the sale of common stock will be used for operating capital. The
shares are restricted securities under Rule 144 of the Securities Act. 

On January 11,
2023, the Company entered into a Stock Subscription Agreement with Hossein Haririnia, the Company s Treasurer and a member of the
Board of Directors, whereby the Company privately sold a total of shares of its common stock, par value per share, common
stock for a cash purchase price of . Hossein Haririnia is an accredited investor (under Rule 506 (b) of Regulation
D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended). The in proceeds from the sale of common stock will be used for operating capital.
The shares are restricted securities under Rule 144 of the Securities Act. 

The Company agreed to issue shares of its
common stock for settlement of the note payable dated November 19, 2021 to HNO Green Fuels. The note matured on 
and was settled in full on December 26, 2022 with the issuance of these shares. The shares are restricted securities under
Rule 144 and the issuance of the shares was made in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. 

The Company's Board of Directors
granted approval for the issuance of shares of our common stock with a value of on January 2, 2023, in exchange for services
rendered to the Company. These shares are considered "restricted securities" under Rule 144 and were issued under the exemption
provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

On January 31,
2023, the Company entered into Stock Subscription Agreements with Donald Owens, the Company s Chairman of the Board of Directors,
whereby the Company privately sold a total of shares of its common stock, par value per share, common stock for a cash purchase price of . Donald Owens is an accredited investor (under Rule 506 (b) of Regulation D under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended). The in proceeds from the sale of common stock will be used for operating capital.
The shares are restricted securities under Rule 144 of the Securities Act. As
of January 31, 2023, these shares had not yet been issued and therefore were recorded as a stock payable. On February 1, 2023, these shares
were issued. 

On June 9, 2023,
the Company entered into a Stock Subscription Agreement with Hossein Haririnia, the Company s Treasurer and a member of the Board
of Directors, whereby the Company privately sold a total of shares of its common stock, par value per share, common
stock for a cash purchase price of . Hossein Haririnia is an accredited investor (under Rule 506 (b) of Regulation
D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended). The in proceeds from the sale of common stock will be used for operating capital.
The shares were issued as restricted securities under Rule 144 of the Securities Act. 

During the quarter ended July 31, 2023, the Company issued shares
of common stock at a fixed price of per share for a total of in cash under the Company s active Regulation A offering,
qualified by the Securities Exchange Commission on May 3, 2023. 

During the quarter ended October 31, 2023, the Company issued shares
of common stock at a fixed price of per share for a total of in cash under the Company s active Regulation A offering,
qualified by the Securities Exchange Commission on May 3, 2023. 

On October 9, 2023, the Company issued shares
of common stock valued at as a commitment fee for equity financing. 

As of October 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had 
and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Stock Receivable 

On March 31, 2022, the Company issued shares
of common stock Vivaris Capital, LLC in exchange for cash consideration. However, Vivaris Capital, LLC has not paid for the shares,
and the Company has been unsuccessful in its attempts to collect the funds or have the shares returned. 

During the quarter ended July 31, 2023, the Company
issued shares of common stock under Regulation A offering to various shareholders that have not yet paid for shares; therefore,
 has been classified as common stock receivable. 

Stock Payable 

During the quarter ended July 31, 2023, the Company
sold shares of common stock under Regulation A offering to various shareholders that have not yet been issued by the transfer agent;
therefore, has been classified as common stock payable. 

During the quarter ended October 31, 2023, the Company
issued shares of common stock under Regulation A for funds received during the quarter ended July 31, 2023. 

During the quarter ended October 31, 2023, the Company
sold shares of common stock under Regulation A offering to various shareholders that have not yet been processed by the transfer
agent. Resulting in the classification of as common stock payable. 

shares of preferred stock,
par value . 

Series A Preferred Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue 
 shares of Series A preferred stock, par value .
On October 14, 2019, the Company issued shares of the Series A preferred stock to Custodian Ventures LLC, a company controlled
by David Lazar, the Company s former Chief Executive Officer for forgiveness of related party debt totaling . Subsequently,
in private transactions, the shares of Series A Preferred were transferred. On August 16, 2022, Wilhelm Cashen, the Company s
former Chief Executive Officer, returned his Series A preferred stock to the Company s treasury. 

On January 24, 2023, the
Company issued shares of its Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Owens, valued at for patents specified in Note 5. 

As of October 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had 
and shares of Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

. This note bears an interest rate of per annum and is due on demand. 

The note is convertible into shares of the Company's
common stock at a discount price of twenty percent (20 per share of the current market value or trading value, using a Basic Conversion
Factor (BCF) specified in the note. The Noteholder has the option to convert the entire principal balance outstanding into common stock
within one year from the date of execution of this note. 

On August 8, 2022, this note was repaid in full by
the Company with in cash. As of October 31, 2023 and October 31, 2022, the Company had convertible notes payable outstanding. 

shares of the Series A preferred stock to Custodian Ventures LLC, a company controlled by David Lazar, the Company s former Chief
Executive Officer for forgiveness of related party debt totaling . 

Notes Payable, Related Party 

On November 19, 2021, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 
per annum and had a maturity date of . The Company agreed to issue shares of its common stock for settlement
of the note payable dated November 19, 2021 to HNO Green Fuels. The note matured on December 19, 2022 and was settled in full
on December 26, 2022 with the issuance of these shares. The shares are restricted securities under Rule 144 and the issuance
of the shares was made in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

On December 1, 2021, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 
per annum. During the year ended October 31, 2023, of principal was repaid. At October 31, 2023, there is of principal
and of accrued interest due on this note. This note had a maturity date of . 

On May 31, 2022, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 
per annum and has a maturity date of . 

On September 29, 2022, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 
per annum and had a maturity date of . 

On October 20, 2022, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 
per annum and had a maturity date of . 

On March 1, 2023, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 
per annum and has a maturity date of . 

On March 8, 2023, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 
per annum and has a maturity date of . 

On March 23, 2023, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 
per annum and has a maturity date of . 

On April 3, 2023, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 
per annum and has a maturity date of . 

On April 13, 2023, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 
per annum and has a maturity date of . 

On April 17, 2023, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 
per annum and has a maturity date of . 

As of October 31, 2023 and October 31, 2022, these
current and long-term notes payable had an outstanding balance of and , respectively. 

As of October 31, 2023 and October 31, 2022, the Company
has recorded and , respectively in accrued interest in connection with these notes in the accompanying condensed financial
statements. 

Advances from Related Party 

During the year ended October 31, 2023, HNO Green
Fuels advanced the Company . These advances were non-interest bearing and due on demand. On October 31, 2023, the full amount
of had been repaid. 

Due from Related Party 

The Company loaned money to HNO Hydrogen Generators,
a related party whose CEO is also the Chairman of the Company's Board of Directors. As of October 31, 2023 and October 31, 2022, the Company
had a receivable of and , respectively, from HNO Hydrogen Generators. This receivable is unsecured, non-interest bearing,
and due on demand. The Company expects to collect the receivable amount. 

.00 (the "Purchase Amount") in Varea in exchange for the right to certain shares of Varea's
Capital Stock. The agreement specifies that the Purchase Amount will be used for the Company's business operations over the next 12 months,
subject to an agreed-upon budget. 

Prior to entering this SAFE, the Company had an existing
financial arrangement with Varea LLC, whereby Varea LLC invoiced the Company for services rendered, which were recorded as expenses by
HNOI. However, recognizing the potential for a more mutually beneficial arrangement, Varea Inc. proposed a revised approach. Under the
newly proposed approach, Varea Inc. would submit a detailed budget outlining their anticipated monthly expenses, and HNO International,
Inc. would view these expenses as an investment opportunity rather than mere costs. In exchange for funding Varea Inc.'s expenses, HNO
International, Inc. would receive a post-money SAFE, which represents a future right to certain shares of Varea's Capital Stock. The transition
from the previous invoicing system to the investment-based financial arrangement was agreed by both parties. The terms and conditions
of the agreement, including the conversion of expenses into a potential future return on investment, were thoroughly assessed and discussed. 

The balance of the SAFE on October 31, 2023, was . 

.
The Company paid a non-refundable earnest money deposit of ,
which will be applied towards the purchase price if the sale proceeds as planned. 

Specific conditions in the PSA were not met, and
the Company had the option to terminate the PSA and the earnest money deposit was returned by TCF Elrod, LLC to the Company subsequent
to the year ended October 31, 2023. See Note 12 Subsequent Events. 

shares of common stock under Regulation A for cash totaling . 

Subsequent to the year ended October 31, 2023, the
Company sold shares of common stock under Regulation A offering to various shareholders for cash totaling . The shares have
not yet been issued by the transfer agent as of the date of this filing. 

Subsequent to the year ended October 31, 2023, the
Company issued shares of common stock under Regulation A for stock payables received during the year ended October 31, 2023. 

Subsequent
to the year ended October 31, 2023, there were developments related to the Company's property acquisition, as disclosed in Note 11: 

Termination
of Purchase and Sale Agreement (PSA): The specific conditions outlined in the Purchase and Sale Agreement (PSA) with TCF Elrod, LLC, dated
August 28, 2023, were not met. Consequently, the Company exercised its option to terminate the PSA. 

Earnest Money
Deposit: In connection with the terminated PSA, the refundable earnest money deposit of , previously paid by the Company to TCF
Elrod, LLC, was returned subsequent to the year ended October 31, 2023. 

Extension of Promissory Notes: 

On January 17, 2024,
the Company entered into an Extension to Promissory Note (the "1 st Extension") with HNO Green Fuels, pursuant to the
terms set forth in the 1 st Extension. The 1 st Extension amends the Promissory Note issued on December 1, 2021,
extending the Maturity Date to December 31, 2024. All prior defaults were waived by HNO Green Fuels. 

On January 17, 2024, the Company entered into an
Extension to Promissory Note (the "2 nd Extension") with HNO Green Fuels, pursuant to the terms set forth in the 2 nd
 Extension. The 2 nd Extension amends the Promissory Note issued on September 29, 2022, extending the Maturity Date to
December 31, 2024. All prior defaults were waived by HNO Green Fuels. 

On January 17, 2024, the Company entered into an
Extension to Promissory Note (the "3 rd Extension") with HNO Green Fuels, pursuant to the terms set forth in the 3 rd
 Extension. The 3 rd Extension amends the Promissory Note issued on October 20, 2022, extending the Maturity Date to December
31, 2024. All prior defaults were waived by HNO Green Fuels. 

F- 12 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

We have had no changes in or disagreements with our
accountants. None of our principal independent accountants have resigned or declined to stand for re-election. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period
covered by this annual report, being October 31, 2023. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and
other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated
to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based upon that evaluation, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of
the period covered by this annual report for the reasons discussed below. 

MANAGEMENT'S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).
Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2023 based on criteria established
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO-2013). As
a result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of October 31, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was not
effective. Our management identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which are indicative
of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate segregation of duties and effective risk assessment; and (ii) insufficient written
policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of both US GAAP and SEC
guidelines. 

We plan to take steps to enhance and improve the design
of our internal control over financial reporting. During the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K, we have not been able
to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses, we hope to implement the following changes during
our fiscal year ending October 31, 2024: (i) appoint additional qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective
risk management; and (ii) adopt sufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting. The remediation efforts
set out in (i) and (ii) are largely dependent upon our securing additional financing to cover the costs of implementing the changes required.
If we are unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation efforts may be adversely affected in a material manner. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not
subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to an exemption for non-accelerated filers set forth in Section
989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over financial
reporting, which are included within disclosure controls and procedures, that occurred during our fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2023
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

41 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Our bylaws state the number of the directors of the
Company shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors currently consists of three (3) directors
who are expected to hold office until our next meeting of the shareholders. Each director is elected at our annual meeting of shareholders
and holds office until the next annual meeting of shareholders, or until his successor is elected and qualified, or his earlier death,
resignation or removal. Officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

The following table sets forth information regarding
our executive officers, directors and significant employees, including their ages as of the date of this Report: 

The names of our director and executive officers as
of the date of this Report, their respective ages, positions, and biographies are set forth below. Our executive officers are appointed
by, and serve at the discretion of, our board of directors. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 Term in Office 
 
 Paul Mueller 
 67 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary 
 August 22, 2022 to present 
 
 Hossein Haririnia 
 71 
 Treasurer and Director 
 
 Treasurer from August 22, 2022 to present 
 Director from December 22, 2022 to present 
 
 Donald Owens 
 71 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 April 30, 2021 to present 
 
 William Parker 
 59 
 Director 
 December 22, 2022 to present 

Professional Experience 

The biographies of each executive officer below contain
information regarding the person s service as an executive officer, business experience, director positions held currently or at
any time during the last five years, and information regarding involvement in certain legal or administrative proceedings, if applicable. 

A description of the principal occupation for the
past five years and summary of the experience of the directors and officers of the Company is as follows: 

Paul Mueller CEO and President 

 Paul Mueller brings over 30
years of experience in the Aviation, Aerospace, and Defense industries, holding CEO and P L leadership positions since 2007. Paul
has served as President and CEO for HNO International since August, 2022. Prior to joining HNOI, Paul established and ran Excel Business
Coaching and Consulting, Inc from June, 2019 through August 2022. Paul was as CEO of AirTech, Inc. (June through October 2018), a 95M
revenue business operating special mission surveillance aircraft in support of government missions. Prior to AirTech, Paul served as the
Vice President of Government Solutions at Bristow Group (from June 2015 to August 2017), where he created and implemented a new business
diversification strategy, generating a 1.5B revenue pipeline. 

 Earlier in his career, Paul
served as the Vice President for a 1.2B revenue division of Raytheon (from July 2011 to August 2013). He served as Vice President and
General Manager of a Division of ITT Electronic Systems (from June 2007 to July 2011). He grew the business from a 65M revenue company
 which was operating at a loss to 750M revenue with 30 operating margin in just 36 months. Paul started his career as
a U.S. Marine Corps Infantry Officer where he learned his team building and leadership skills, a cornerstone of his success. 

 Hossein Haririnia - MBA, CPA, CGFM Treasurer
and Director 

Hossein Haririnia has overseen the financial functions
of HNO International, Inc. since October 2021. On August 22, 2022 he was appointed Treasurer and on December 22, 2022 he was appointed
as a member of the board of directors. In his current capacity he provides technical assistance to the President on corporate-level decision-making.
Before that, as a Chief Financial Officer, he managed financials for for-profit and nonprofit organizations. He also assisted in budget
and cost proposal presentations for companies in countries, including Iran, Turkey, Dubai, Azerbaijan, and China. 

42 

Mr. Haririnia has managed multi-million dollar budget
preparations for government entities such as NASA, the US Department of Labor (DOL), and the US Department of Transportation(DOT). He
has supervised a team of accounting staff and has served as an auditor and fraud examiner. 

Donald Owens Chairman of the Board of Directors 

 Donald Owens founded HNO Green
Fuels, Inc. on June 5, 2011, and has been serving as its Chairman and President from June 2011 to the present. As Chairman and President
of HNO Green Fuels, Inc. Mr. Owens creating a customized hydrogen solution for reducing emissions in internal combustion engines and secured
19 US patents and 3 International Patents for this technology. HNO Green Fuels, Inc. is an affiliate of HNO International, Inc. Mr. Owens,
appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors of HNO International, Inc. on April 30, 2021, continues to actively serve in this capacity. 

 Previously, in the late 1990s,
Mr. Owens was Chairman and CEO of Business Internet Systems. In July 1998, he launched a first-of-a-kind online platform that serviced
the major business card printing needs of the US Congress, Branches of The Executive Office, and The Department of State. He was also
actively involved in early web and networked database optimization for massive clients such as the US Census Bureau. He began his career
in 1985 as a patent attorney for Western Electric and Bell Labs after attaining his law degree from Georgetown University. He received
an engineering degree at General Motors Institute (now Kettering University). 

 William Parker Director 

William Parker has spent 28 years in the ATM industry
with vast ATM technology knowledge and IT/Communications experience it totals over 39 years combined. After attending The University of
the District of Columbia on an athletic scholarship majoring in Electronic/ Computer Engineering, he continued his education at an Electronic
Technology Certified School developed by George Washington University (TEC Technical Education Center). As the Principal and Co-Founder
of Alliant ATM Services (May 2, 2002 to present), Mr. Parker oversees the business operations of the company and is responsible for the
ATM Service Maintenance division, business development and project installation scheduling and coordination. Alliant ATM Services,
is a certified minority-owned Corporation located in Annapolis, MD that specialize in the placement, installation, service and sell of
cash dispensing Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) as well as Merchant Credit Card Services in the Washington DC Metropolitan Area. Alliant
ATM Services is built on a solid foundation of vision, integrity, and honesty and is an Independent Sales Organization (ISO/ESO) and recently
has become partnering agents with Alliant Merchant Services. William brings his tireless drive and work ethic to the business creating
both opportunity and vision. 

Term of Office 

Directors serve until the next annual meeting and
until their successors are elected and qualified. Officers are appointed to serve for one year until the meeting of the Board following
the annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. 

Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten years there have been no events
under any bankruptcy act, no criminal proceedings and no judgments, injunctions, orders or decrees material to the evaluation of the ability
and integrity of any of our directors or executive officers, and none of these persons has been involved in any judicial or administrative
proceedings resulting from involvement in mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity, any judicial or administrative
proceedings based on violations of federal or state securities, commodities, banking or insurance laws or regulations, or any disciplinary
sanctions or orders imposed by a stock, commodities or derivatives exchange or other self-regulatory organization. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between any of our
directors and executive officers. 

Significant Employees 

We do not have any significant employees other than
our current executive officers named in this Report. 

43 

Board Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight 

The Board oversees our business and considers the
risks associated with our business strategy and decisions. The Board currently implements its risk oversight function as a whole. Each
of the Board committees, when established, will also provide risk oversight in respect of its areas of concentration and reports material
risks to the board for further consideration. 

Committees 

Our board of directors has not yet established any
committees. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

Our Board plans to adopt a written code of business
conduct and ethics (the Code that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive
officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. We intend
to post on our website a current copy of the Code and all disclosures that are required by law in regard to any amendments to, or waivers
from, any provision of the Code. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The table below summarizes all compensation paid to
our named executive officers for the years ending October 31, 2023 and October 31, 2022. 

Name 

Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 ) 

Stock Awards 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Paul Mueller, 
 President, CEO and Secretary (1) 
 Year Ended October 31, 2023 

125,000 

250 

125,250 
 
 Year Ended October 31, 2022 

40,000 

- 

40,000 

Hossein Haririnia, 
 Treasurer and Director (1)(4) 
 Year Ended October 31, 2023 

170,500 

250 

170,750 
 
 Year Ended October 31, 2022 

114,000 

- 

114,000 

Donald Owens 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors (2)(3) 
 Year Ended October 31, 2023 

- 

- 

- 
 
 Year Ended October 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

(1) 
 On August 22, 2022, we accepted the resignations from Wilhelm Cashen as the Company s President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and member of the Board of Directors. Effective on the same date to fill the vacancies created by Mr. Cashen s resignations, we appointed Paul Mueller as our President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary. Also, on this date, Hossein Haririnia was appointed Treasurer. 

(2) 
 On December 1, 2021, we accepted the resignation from Donald Owens as our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. 

(3) 
 On April 30, 2021, we accepted the resignation from Douglas Anderson as our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Effective on the same date to fill the vacancies created by Mr. Anderson s resignations, we appointed Donald Owens as our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors. 

(4) 
 On December 22, 2022, the Board of Directors appointed Hossein Haririnia to the Board of Directors effective as of December 22, 2022. 

Director Compensation 

The table below summarizes all compensation paid to
our directors who are not also named executive officers for the year ended October 31, 2023. 

44 

Name 

Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 ) 

Stock Awards 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

William Parker 
 Director 
 Year Ended October 31, 2023 

- 

100 

100 

Equity Awards 

As of October 31, 2023, there were no outstanding
equity awards. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth certain information
as of January 29, 2024, as to shares of our shares of common stock beneficially owned by: (1) each person who is known by us to own beneficially
more than 5 of the 429,433,085 (419,433,085 common plus 10,000,000 preferred) shares. The
table includes preferred stock that is convertible into common stock and information as to the ownership of our stock by each of its directors,
named executive officers, and executive officers and by the directors and executive officers as a group. There were no stock options outstanding
as of January 29, 2024. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly, and the persons named in the table have sole voting
and investment power with respect to shares shown as beneficially owned by them. 

We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance
with the rules of the SEC. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the
persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that they
beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. 

Name and Address (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Class 
 Percentage of Class (2) 
 
 Officers and Directors 

Paul Mueller 
 CEO, President and Secretary 
 
 250,000 
 -0- 
 
 Common Stock 
 Series A Preferred Stock 

-- 

Hossein Haririnia 
 Treasurer and Director 
 
 10,250,000 
 -0- 
 
 Common Stock 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 2.44 
 -- 

Donald Owens 
 (Chairman of the Board of Directors) 
 
 275,000,000 
 10,000,000 
 
 Common Stock 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 65.57 
 100 

William Parker 
 Director 
 
 5,100,000 
 -0- 
 
 Common Stock 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 1.22 
 -- 
 
 All Named Executive Officers, Executive Officer and Directors as a Group 
(4 persons) 
 
 290,600,000 
 10,000,000 
 
 Common Stock 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 69.28 
 100 
 
 5 Principal Stockholders 

HNO Green Fuels, Inc. (3) 
 115,000,000 
 Common Stock 
 27.42 
 
 Less than 1 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the address of the reporting person is c/o HNO International, Inc., 41558 Eastman Drive, Suite B, Murrieta, CA 92562. 

(2) 
 Under Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the number of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in the above table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding on the date of this report. 

45 

(3) 
 Address: 42309 Winchester Road, Temecula, CA 92590. Donald Owens has voting and dispositive control over HNO Green Fuels, Inc. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

Notes Payable, Related Party 

On November 19, 2021, we issued a note payable in
the amount of 20,000 to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 2 per
annum and had a maturity date of December 19, 2022. The Company agreed to issue 20,000,000 shares of its common stock for settlement of
the 20,000 note payable dated November 19, 2021 to HNO Green Fuels. The note matured on December 19, 2022 and was settled in full on
December 26, 2022 with the issuance of these shares. The shares are restricted securities under Rule 144 and the issuance
of the shares was made in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

On December 1, 2021, the Company issued a note payable in the amount of
 500,000 to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 2 per annum. During
the year ended October 31, 2023, 65,000 of principal was repaid. At October 31, 2023, there is 435,000 of principal and 19,199 of accrued
interest due on this note. This note had a maturity date of January 1, 2023. 

On May 31, 2022, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of 590,000 to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 2 
per annum and has a maturity date of May 31, 2030. 

On September 29, 2022, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of 50,000 to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 2 
per annum and had a maturity date of September 29, 2022. 

On October 20, 2022, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of 50,000 to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 2 
per annum and had a maturity date of October 20, 2023. 

On March 1, 2023, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of 50,000 to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 2 
per annum and has a maturity date of March 1, 2024. 

On March 8, 2023, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of 50,000 to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 2 
per annum and has a maturity date of March 8, 2024. 

On March 23, 2023, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of 50,000 to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 2 
per annum and has a maturity date of March 23, 2024. 

On April 3, 2023, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of 50,000 to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 2 
per annum and has a maturity date of April 3, 2024. 

On April 13, 2023, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of 20,000 to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 2 
per annum and has a maturity date of April 13, 2024. 

On April 17, 2023, the Company issued a note payable
in the amount of 30,000 to HNO Green Fuels, of which Donald Owens is Chief Executive Officer. This note bears an interest rate of 2 
per annum and has a maturity date of April 17, 2024. 

 Extension of Promissory Notes: 

 On January 17, 2024, the Company entered into an
Extension to Promissory Note (the "1 st Extension") with HNO Green Fuels, pursuant to the terms set forth in the 1 st 
Extension. The 1 st Extension amends the Promissory Note issued on December 1, 2021, extending the Maturity Date to December
31, 2024. All prior defaults were waived by HNO Green Fuels. 

 On January 17, 2024, the Company entered into an
Extension to Promissory Note (the "2 nd Extension") with HNO Green Fuels, pursuant to the terms set forth in the 2 nd 
Extension. The 2 nd Extension amends the Promissory Note issued on September 29, 2022, extending the Maturity Date to December
31, 2024. All prior defaults were waived by HNO Green Fuels. 

46 

On January 17, 2024, the
Company entered into an Extension to Promissory Note (the "3 rd Extension") with HNO Green Fuels, pursuant to the
terms set forth in the 3 rd Extension. The 3 rd Extension amends the Promissory Note issued on October 20, 2022, extending
the Maturity Date to December 31, 2024. All prior defaults were waived by HNO Green Fuels. 

Director Independence 

We use the definition of independence 
of The NASDAQ Stock Market to make this determination. NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an independent director 
is a person other than an officer or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the
Company s Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The
NASDAQ listing rules provide that a director cannot be considered independent if: 

the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an employee of the Company; 

the director or a family member of the director accepted any compensation from the company in excess of 120,000 during any period of 12 consecutive months within the three years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exemptions, including, among other things, compensation for board or board committee service); 

the director or a family member of the director is a partner in, controlling shareholder of, or an executive officer of an entity to which the Company made, or from which the company received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed 5 of the recipient s consolidated gross revenue for that year or 200,000, whichever is greater (subject to certain exemptions; 

the director or a family member of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the past three years, any of the executive officers of the company served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or 

the director or a family member of the director is a current partner of the Company s outside auditor, or at any time during the past three years was a partner or employee of the Company s outside auditor, and who worked on the company s audit. 

Under such definitions, we have no independent directors.
However, our Common Stock is not currently quoted or listed on any national exchange or interdealer quotation system with a requirement
that a majority of our Board be independent and, therefore, we are not subject to any director independence requirements. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

Fees related to services performed by BF Borgers CPA
PC for the years ended October 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, were as follows: 

2023 
 
 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 60,000 
 
 60,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Tax Fees 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 All Other Fees 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Total 
 60,000 
 
 60,000 

Pre-Approval Policies 

The Board's policy is to pre-approve all audit services
and all non-audit services before they commence, including the fees and terms thereof, to be provided by our independent auditor. All
of the services provided during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2023 were pre-approved. No audit, review or attest services were approved
in accordance with Section 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C) of Regulation S-X during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2023. 

During the approval process, the Board considered
the impact of the types of services and the related fees on the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm. The
services and fees were deemed compatible with the maintenance of that firm's independence, including compliance with rules and regulations
of the SEC. Throughout the year, the Board will review any revisions to the estimates of audit fees initially estimated for the engagement. 

47 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

a. The following documents are filed as part of this annual report on Form
10-K: 

1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following documents are filed in Part II, Item 8 of this annual report
on Form 10-K: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Audited Balance Sheets on October 31, 2023 and 2022 

Audited Statements of Operations for the years ended October 31, 2023 and
2022 

Audited Statement of Stockholders' Deficit for the years ended October 31,
2023 and 2022 

Audited Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended October 31, 2023 and
2022 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements 

2. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

All financial statement schedules have been omitted as they are not required,
not applicable, or the required information is otherwise included. 

48 

3. EXHIBITS 

The exhibits listed below are filed with or incorporated by reference in
this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing 
 Date 

Filed 
 Herewith 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation filed May 2, 2005 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-275193 
 
 3.1 
 
 10/27/23 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment filed March 5, 2009 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-275193 
 
 3.2 
 
 10/27/23 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Change filed March 5, 2009 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-275193 
 
 3.3 
 
 10/27/23 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment filed April 8, 2010 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-275193 
 
 3.4 
 
 10/27/23 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment filed June 4, 2020 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-275193 
 
 3.5 
 
 10/27/23 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment filed August 31, 2021 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-275193 
 
 3.6 
 
 10/27/23 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment filed January 6, 2023 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-275193 
 
 3.7 
 
 10/27/23 

3.8 
 
 Certificate of Designation (Series A Preferred Stock) filed October 14, 2019 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-275193 
 
 3.8 
 
 10/27/23 

3.9 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Designation (Series A Preferred Stock) filed November 10, 2021 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-275193 
 
 3.9 
 
 10/27/23 

3.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 1-A 
 
 024-12194 
 
 1A-2B 
 
 4/14/23 

10.1 
 
 Patent Purchase Agreement dated January 24, 2023 
 
 1-A 
 
 000-56568 
 
 1A-6 
 
 4/14/23 

10.2 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement with TCF Elrod, LLC dated August 28, 2023 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-56568 
 
 10.2 
 
 9/14/23 

10.3 
 
 Equity Financing Agreement with GHS dated October 9, 2023 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-275193 
 
 10.3 
 
 10/27/23 

10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement with GHS dated October 9, 2023 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-275193 
 
 10.4 
 
 10/27/23 

10.5 
 
 Promissory Note, dated December 1, 2021, between HNO International, Inc. and HNO Green Fuels,
 Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-275193 
 
 10.5 
 
 12/19/23 

10.6 
 
 Promissory Note, dated May 31, 2022, between HNO International, Inc. and HNO Green Fuels, Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-275193 
 
 10.6 
 
 12/19/23 

10.7 
 
 Promissory Note, dated September 29, 2022, between HNO International, Inc. and HNO Green Fuels,
 Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-275193 
 
 10.7 
 
 12/19/23 

10.8 
 
 Promissory Note, dated October 20, 2022, between HNO International, Inc. and HNO Green Fuels,
 Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-275193 
 
 10.8 
 
 12/19/23 

10.9 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 1, 2023, between HNO International, Inc. and HNO Green Fuels, Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-275193 
 
 10.9 
 
 12/19/23 

10.10 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 8, 2023, between HNO International, Inc. and HNO Green Fuels, Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-275193 
 
 10.10 
 
 12/19/23 

10.11 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 23, 2023, between HNO International, Inc. and HNO Green Fuels,
 Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-275193 
 
 10.11 
 
 12/19/23 

10.12 
 
 Promissory Note, dated April 3, 2023, between HNO International, Inc. and HNO Green Fuels, Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-275193 
 
 10.12 
 
 12/19/23 

10.13 
 
 Promissory Note, dated April 13, 2023, between HNO International, Inc. and HNO Green Fuels,
 Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-275193 
 
 10.13 
 
 12/19/23 

10.14 
 
 Promissory Note, dated April 17, 2023, between HNO International, Inc. and HNO Green Fuels,
 Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-275193 
 
 10.14 
 
 12/19/23 

10.15 
 
 Extension to Promissory Note, dated December 1, 2021, between HNO International, Inc. and HNO Green
 Fuels, Inc. - Executed January 17, 2024 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-56568 
 
 99.1 
 
 1/23/24 

10.16 
 
 Extension to Promissory Note, dated September 29, 2022, between HNO International, Inc. and HNO
 Green Fuels, Inc. - Executed January 17, 2024 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-56568 
 
 99.2 
 
 1/23/24 

10.17 
 
 Extension to Promissory Note, dated October 20, 2022, between HNO International, Inc. and HNO Green
 Fuels, Inc. - Executed January 17, 2024 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-56568 
 
 99.3 
 
 1/23/24 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

Furnished, not filed. 

49 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

HNO INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

Dated: January 29, 2024 
 
 By: /s/ Paul Mueller 	 
 Name: Paul Mueller 
 Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: /s/ Hossein Haririnia 	 
 Name: Hossein Haririnia 
 Title: Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below
by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 TITLE 
 DATE 

By: /s/ Paul Mueller 	 
 Paul Mueller 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 January 29, 2024 

By: /s/ Hossein Haririnia 
 Hossein Haririnia 
 
 Treasurer and Director 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 January 29, 2024 

By: /s/ Donald Owens 
 Donald Owens 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 January 29, 2024 

By: /s/ William Parker 
 William Parker 
 Director 
 January 29, 2024 

50 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 

I, Paul Mueller, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended
October 31, 2023, of HNO International Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly 

 present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the 

 periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing for establishing and maintaining 

 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over 

 financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed 

 under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated 

 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report 

 is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be 

 designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and 

 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting 

 principles, 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our 

 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by 

 this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during 

 the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that 

 has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial 

 reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal 

 control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or 

 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial 

 reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and 

 report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

January 29, 2024 

/s/ Paul Mueller 

 Paul Mueller 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

1 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 

I, Hossein Haririnia, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended
October 31, 2023, of HNO International Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a 

 material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, 

 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly 

 present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the 

 periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing for establishing and maintaining 

 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over 

 financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed 

 under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated 

 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report 

 is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be 

 designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and 

 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting 

 principles, 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our 

 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by 

 this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during 

 the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that 

 has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial 

 reporting. 

5. The registrants other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal 

 control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or 

 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial 

 reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and 

 report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the 

 registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

January 29, 2024 

/s/ Hossein Haririnia 

 Hossein Haririnia, Treasurer 

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

1 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of HNO International Inc. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), I, Paul Mueller, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SS. 1350, as
adopted pursuant to SS. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; 

and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

January 29, 2024 

/s/ Paul Mueller 

 Paul Mueller 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or
other document authenticating, acknowledging, or 

 otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement has been 

 provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or 

 its staff upon request. 

1 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of HNO International Inc. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), I, Hossein Haririnia, Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SS. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to SS. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; 

and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

January 29, 2024 

/s/ Hossein Haririnia 

 Hossein Haririnia, Treasurer 

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or
other document authenticating, acknowledging, or 

 otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement has been 

 provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or 

 its staff upon request. 

1 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hnoi-20231031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hnoi-20231031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hnoi-20231031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hnoi-20231031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

