<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240223_10-K_edgar_data_712771_0001437749-24-005370.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24452657</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>336488</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2798987</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10603287</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4568451</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5380852</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-24-005370.hdr.sgml : 20240223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240223160210
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-24-005370
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		150
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000712771
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				521273725
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40751
		FILM NUMBER:		24671039

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 SYLVAN AVENUE
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD CLIFFS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07632
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2018168900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 SYLVAN AVENUE
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD CLIFFS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07632

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CENTER BANCORP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-24-005370.txt : 20240223

10-K
 1
 cnob20231231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

cnob20231231_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 
 For the Transition Period from to 

Commission File Number: 

ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification Number) 

, 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 - 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 
 
 Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Table of Contents 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a nonaccelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Small Reporting Company 
 
 Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared its audit report. Yes No 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and nonvoting common equity held by nonaffiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold or the average bid and ask price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter - million. 
 
 Shares Outstanding on February 23, 2024 
 Common Stock, no par value: shares 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Definitive proxy statement in connection with the 2024 Annual Stockholders Meeting to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A will be incorporated by reference in Part III 

Table of Contents 

CONNECTONE BANCORP, INC. 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 5 

Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 21 

Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 

Item 1C 
 Cybersecurity 
 31 

Item 2 
 Properties 
 33 

Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 

Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 34 

Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 36 

Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 

Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 66 

PART II 

Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: 
 67 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 68 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 71 

Consolidated Statements of Income 
 72 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 73 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 74 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 75 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 76 

Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 139 

Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 139 

Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 140 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 141 

Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 141 

Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 141 

Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 141 

Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 141 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 
 142 

Signatures 
 145 

Information included in or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company s press releases or other public statements, contain or may contain forward-looking statements. Please refer to a discussion of the Company s forward-looking statements and associated risks in Item 1 - Business Forward Looking Statements and Item 1A - Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

CONNECTONE BANCORP, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 
 This report, in Item 1, Item 7 and elsewhere, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Sections 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that involve inherent risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements concern the financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business of ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including statements preceded by, followed by or that include words or phrases such as believes, expects, anticipates, plans, trend, objective, continue, remain, pattern or similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as will, would, should, could, might, can, may or similar expressions. There are a number of important factors that could cause future results to differ materially from historical performance and these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to: (1) the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the government s response to the pandemic on our operations as well as those of our clients and on the economy generally and in our market area specifically, (2) competitive pressures among depository institutions may increase significantly; (3) changes in the interest rate environment may reduce interest margins; (4) prepayment speeds, loan origination and sale volumes, charge-offs and loan loss provisions may vary substantially from period to period; (5) general economic conditions may be less favorable than expected; (6) political developments, wars or other hostilities may disrupt or increase volatility in securities markets or other economic conditions; (7) legislative or regulatory changes or actions may adversely affect the businesses in which ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. is engaged; (8) changes and trends in the securities markets may adversely impact ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc.; (9) a delayed or incomplete resolution of regulatory issues could adversely impact our planning; (10) difficulties in integrating any businesses that we may acquire, which may increase our expenses and delay the achievement of any benefits that we may expect from such acquisitions; (11) the impact of reputation risk created by the developments discussed above on such matters as business generation and retention, funding and liquidity could be significant; and (12) the outcome of any future regulatory and legal investigations and proceedings may not be anticipated. Further information on other factors that could affect the financial results of ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. are included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in ConnectOne Bancorp s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These documents are available free of charge at the Commission s website at http://www.sec.gov and/or from ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements at any time. 
 
 Historical Development of Business 
 
 ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc., (the Company and with ConnectOne Bank, we or us a one-bank holding company, was incorporated in the State of New Jersey on November 12, 1982 as Center Bancorp, Inc. and commenced operations on May 1, 1983 upon the acquisition of all outstanding shares of capital stock of Union Center National Bank, its then principal subsidiary. 
 
 On January 20, 2014, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc., a New Jersey corporation Legacy ConnectOne ). Effective July 1, 2014, the Company completed the merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the Merger with Legacy ConnectOne merging with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving corporation. Also, at closing, the Company changed its name to ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. and changed its NASDAQ trading symbol to CNOB . Immediately following the consummation of the Merger, Union Center National Bank merged with and into ConnectOne Bank, a New Jersey-chartered commercial bank ConnectOne Bank or the Bank and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Legacy ConnectOne, with ConnectOne Bank continuing as the surviving bank. 
 
 On July 11, 2018, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Greater Hudson Bank GHB ), under which GHB merged with and into ConnectOne Bank, with ConnectOne Bank as the surviving bank. This transaction was consummated effective January 2, 2019. As part of this merger, the Company acquired approximately 0.4 billion in loans, assumed approximately 0.4 billion in deposits and acquired seven branch offices located in Rockland, Orange and Westchester, Counties, New York. 
 
 On May 31, 2019, the Company, through the Bank, completed its purchase of all of the assets of New York/Boston-based BoeFly, LLC and contributed them to its newly formed subsidiary, BoeFly, Inc BoeFly ). BoeFly s online business lending marketplace helps connect small- to medium-size businesses, primarily franchisors and franchisees, with professional loan brokers and lenders across the United States. BoeFly operates as an independent brand and subsidiary of the Bank. 

-5-

Table of Contents 

On January 2, 2020, the Company completed its in-market merger with Bergen County, New Jersey based Bancorp of New Jersey, Inc. BNJ ), pursuant to which BNJ merged with and into the Company, and BNJ s bank subsidiary, Bank of New Jersey, merged with and into the Bank. All of BNJ s offices were located in Bergen County, New Jersey. As part of this merger, the Company acquired approximately 0.8 billion in loans and assumed approximately 0.8 billion in deposits. 
 
 The Company s primary activity, at this time, is to act as a holding company for the Bank and its other subsidiaries. As used herein, the term Parent Corporation shall refer to the Company on an unconsolidated basis. 
 
 The Company owns 100 of the voting shares of Center Bancorp, Inc. Statutory Trust II, through which it issued trust preferred securities. The trust exists for the exclusive purpose of (i) issuing trust securities representing undivided beneficial interests in the assets of the trust; (ii) investing the gross proceeds of the trust securities in 5.2 million of junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures (subordinated debentures) of the Company; and (iii) engaging in only those activities necessary or incidental thereto. These subordinated debentures and the related income effects are not eliminated in the consolidated financial statements as the statutory business trust is not consolidated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC 810-10 Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities. Distributions on the subordinated debentures owned by the subsidiary trust have been classified as interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Except as described above, the Company s direct and indirect subsidiaries are all included in the Company s consolidated financial statements. These subsidiaries include BoeFly, an advertising subsidiary, a financial services company, and various investment subsidiaries which hold, maintain and manage investment assets for the Company. The Company s subsidiaries also include a Real Estate Investment Trust (the REIT which holds a portion of the Company s real estate loan portfolio. All subsidiaries mentioned above are directly or indirectly wholly owned by the Company, except that the Company indirectly owns less than 100 of the preferred stock of the REIT. A REIT must have 100 or more individual shareholders. The REIT has issued less than 20 of its outstanding non-voting preferred stock to individuals, primarily Bank personnel and directors. 
 
 SEC Reports and Corporate Governance 
 
 The Company makes its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments thereto available on its website at https://www.connectonebank.com without charge as soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing them to the SEC. Also available on the website is the Company s corporate Code of Conduct that applies to all of the Company s employees, including principal officers and directors. Additionally, within the Investor Relations section of the Company s web site, charters for the Audit and Risk Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Compensation Committee can be found, along with the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, Equal Employment Opportunity and Right to be Free of Gender Inequity 2022, Anti-Harassment Discrimination Policy, Compensation Recoupment Policy and Code of Ethics. 
 
 The Company will provide, without charge, a copy of its Annual Report on Form 10-K to any shareholder by mail. Requests should be sent to: 
 
 ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. 
 Attention: Investor Relations 
 301 Sylvan Avenue 
 Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey 07632 
 
 Narrative Description of the Business 
 
 ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. is a modern financial services company with over 9.856 billion in assets. It operates primarily through its bank subsidiary, ConnectOne Bank. 
 
 ConnectOne Bank is a high-performing commercial bank offering a full suite of deposit and loan products and services to the general public, primarily to small and mid-sized businesses, local professionals and individuals residing, working and conducting business in the New York Metropolitan area and the South Florida market served by our West Palm Beach office. The Bank s continuous investments in technology coupled with top talent allow ConnectOne to operate a branch-lite model, making for a highly efficient operating environment. 
 
 BoeFly, a wholly owned subsidiary of ConnectOne Bank, is a fintech marketplace that connects borrowers in the franchise space with funding solutions through a network of partner banks, including the Bank. 

-6-

Table of Contents 

Our Market Area 
 
 ConnectOne Bank's offices are located primarily in the New York metro market and span New Jersey, New York City, Long Island, and the Hudson Valley, including Rockland, Orange, and Westchester counties. Through high tech tools and service, the Bank is able to extend its reach supporting clients as they move into new markets, such as South Florida where we opened an office in West Palm Beach in August 2022. Our market area includes some of the most robust markets in the United States. The Bank's goal is to continue to expand and do business to support our clients as they grow. Advances in technology have created new delivery channels that allow us to service clients and maintain business relationships with a reduced-branch model, establishing regional offices that serve as business hubs. The Bank's experience has shown that the key to client acquisition and retention is attracting quality business relationship officers who will frequently go to the client, rather than having the client come to us. 
 
 BoeFly operates out of its main offices in Boston, Massachusetts and New York, and has a nationwide presence through its digital business marketplace. 
 
 Products and Services 
 
 We derive a majority of our revenue from net interest income (i.e., the difference between the interest we receive on our loans and investment securities and the interest we pay on deposits and borrowings). We offer a broad range of deposit and loan products. In addition, to attract the business of consumer and business clients, we provide an extensive array of other banking services. Products and services provided include personal and business checking accounts, money market accounts, time and savings accounts, credit cards, wire transfers, safe deposit boxes, access to automated teller services and telephone, internet and mobile banking. We offer retirement accounts to consumers and cash management services to business clients that include TreasuryDirect, Automated Clearing House origination, Remote Deposit Capture and digital invoicing. 
 
 Noninterest bearing demand deposit products include Totally Free Checking and Simply Better Checking for consumer clients and Small Business Checking and Analysis Checking for commercial clients. Interest-bearing checking accounts require minimum balances for both consumer and commercial clients and include Consumer Interest Checking and Business Interest Checking . Money market accounts consist of products that provide a market rate of interest to depositors. Our savings accounts offer paper and/or electronic statements. Time deposits ("TD") are for non-retirement and IRA accounts, generally with initial maturities ranging from 31 days to 60 months, and brokered TDs, which we use for asset liability management purposes and to supplement other sources of funding. Many of our deposit products can be accessed through both our branches and online to provide ease of access to our clients and communities. CDARS/ICS reciprocal deposits are offered based on the Bank s participation in the IntraFi Network LLC ("the network"), formerly known as Promontory Interfinancial Network. Clients, who are Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance sensitive, are able to place large dollar deposits with the Company and the Company utilizes CDARS to place those funds into certificates of deposit issued by other banks in the Network. This occurs in increments of less than the FDIC insurance limits so that both the principal and interest are eligible for FDIC insurance coverage in amounts larger than the insured dollar amount. Unless certain conditions are satisfied, the FDIC considers these funds as brokered deposits. 
 
 Deposits serve as the primary source of funding for our interest-earning assets, but also generate noninterest revenue through insufficient funds fees, stop payment fees, wire transfer fees, safe deposit rental fees, debit card income, including foreign ATM fees and credit and debit card interchange, and other miscellaneous fees. In addition, the Bank generates additional noninterest revenue associated with residential, commercial and Small Business Administration SBA loan originations and sales, loan servicing, late fees and merchant services. 
 
 We offer consumer and commercial business loans on a secured and unsecured basis, revolving lines of credit, commercial mortgage loans, and residential mortgages on both primary and secondary residences, home equity loans, bridge loans and other personal purpose loans. However, we are not and have not historically been a participant in the sub-prime lending market. 
 
 Commercial loans are loans made for business purposes and are primarily secured by collateral such as business assets including accounts receivable, inventory and equipment. These facilities can also be secured by cash balances with the Bank, marketable securities held by or under the control of the Bank, and commercial and residential real estate. 
 
 Commercial construction loans are loans to finance the construction of commercial or residential properties secured by first liens on such properties. Commercial real estate loans include loans secured by first liens on completed commercial properties, including multifamily properties, to purchase or refinance such properties, as well as land loans. Residential mortgages include loans secured by first liens on 1-4 family, 1-4 family investment properties , condominium and cooperative residential real estate and are generally made to existing clients of the Bank to purchase or refinance primary and secondary residences. Home equity loans and lines of credit include loans secured by first or second liens on residential real estate for primary or secondary residences. Consumer loans are made to individuals who qualify for auto loans, cash reserve, credit cards and installment loans. 

-7-

Table of Contents 

The Board of Directors has approved a credit policy granting designated lending authorities to the Management Credit Committee and specific officers of the Bank. The Management Credit Committee is comprised of six members of senior management, the Bank President, Chief Credit Officer, Chief Lending Officer, two Senior Credit Officers and one Managing Director. The officers are comprised of the Chief Executive Officer, Bank President, Chief Credit Officer, Chief Lending Officer, Senior Credit Officers, Managing Directors, Team Leaders and the Consumer Loan Officers. All loan approvals require the signatures of a minimum of two officers. The Management Credit Committee (Bank President, Chief Credit Officer, Chief Lending Officer, two Senior Credit Officers and one Managing Director) can approve loans up to 80 million in aggregate loan exposure with no policy exceptions. Furthermore, the Management Credit Committee has authority to approve unsecured loan amounts without policy exceptions up to 40 million. The Senior Lending Group (Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Credit Officer and Chief Lending Officer) can approve loans up to 35 million in aggregate loan exposure with no policy exceptions and up to 30 million with policy exceptions. Furthermore, the Senior Lending Group has authority to approve unsecured loan amounts without policy exceptions up to 10 million and up to 5 million with an exception. Loans to insiders must be approved by the entire Board of Directors. 
 
 The Bank s lending policies generally provide for lending within our primary trade area. However, the Bank will make loans to people outside of our primary trade area when we deem it prudent to do so. To promote a high degree of asset quality, the Bank focuses primarily upon offering secured loans. However, the Bank does make short-term unsecured loans to borrowers with higher net worth and income profiles. The Bank generally requires loan clients to maintain deposit accounts with the Bank. In addition, the Bank generally provides a minimum required rate of interest in its variable rate loans. The Bank s legal lending limit to any one borrower is 15 of the Bank s capital base (defined as tangible equity plus the allowance for credit losses) for most loans 168.2 million) and 25 of the capital base for loans secured by readily marketable collateral 280.3 million). As of December 31, 2023, the Bank s largest committed relationship (to several affiliated borrowers) was 173.6 million, and the single largest loan outstanding was 60.0 million. 
 
 Our business model includes using industry best practices for community banks, including personalized service, state-of-the-art technology, and extended hours. We believe that this will generate deposit accounts with somewhat larger average balances than are found at many other financial institutions. We also use pricing techniques in our efforts to attract banking relationships having larger than average balances. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The banking business is highly competitive. We face substantial immediate competition and potential future competition both in attracting deposits and in originating loans. We compete with numerous commercial banks, savings banks and savings and loan associations, many of which have assets, capital and lending limits larger than those that we have. Other competitors include money market mutual funds, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, stock brokerage firms, regulated small loan companies, credit unions and issuers of commercial paper and other securities. In addition, the banking industry in general faces competition for deposit, credit and money management products from non-bank technology firms, or fintech companies, which may offer products independently or through relationships with insured depository institutions. 
 
 Our larger competitors have greater financial resources to finance wide-ranging advertising campaigns. Additionally, we endeavor to compete for business by providing high quality, personal service to clients, client access to our decision-makers and competitive interest rates and fees. We seek to hire and retain quality employees who desire greater responsibility than may be available working for a larger employer. 

-8-

Table of Contents 

Human Capital 
 
 The Company strives to be an employer of choice by creating a working environment that fosters excellence, creativity and professional growth. We strive to challenge our employees to be the best they can be and to provide them with the tools and training they need to help fulfill their critical service mandate. We endeavor to build a diverse team of financial experts and relationship specialists who understand the demands of a successful business and are prepared to meet them. 
 
 Demographics : As of December 31, 2023, we had 487 full-time employees and 12 part-time and temporary employees. The employees are not represented by a collective bargaining unit. 
 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion : In 2022, we appointed our first Chief Diversity, Equity Inclusion Officer, with a mandate to focus on workforce diversity, vendor/supplier diversity and cultivating more diverse leadership, among other vital issues. Employee resource groups ERG further support this overall commitment and vision, as well as Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging in the workplace. Our first ERG, WomenConnect , was established in January 2023 and follows a mission to empower and foster an inclusive environment where all individuals feel connected and make an impact through: mentorship, leadership, teamwork in the community, and both professional and personal growth opportunities. 
 
 Education : We encourage and support the growth and development of our employees and, wherever possible, seek to fill positions by promotion and transfer from within the organization. We have formalized our commitment to training, education and mentoring through our ConnectOne University program. 

ConnectOne University houses our training, leadership development, continuing education and mentorship programs. 
 Through ConnectOne University, employees: 

Receive and complete required job training related to their position with the Company, such as compliance and ethics training and position specific training. Classes include an ABA approved curriculum as well as other third party and Company proprietary courses; 

May take classes to attain job specific certifications to help with career development; 

May take continuing education classes related to other positions and operations at the Company; 

May take business related continuing education classes at partner community colleges and other institutions through a New Jersey State grant program; 

May participate in career mentoring programs in which employees meet with senior officers of the Company to discuss career development; and 

May participate in a tuition reimbursement program under which the Company will reimburse employees for up to 5,250 in tuition expense related to approved business-related course work at any school. 

During 2023, 289 employees participated in our leadership and mentoring programs within ConnectOne University. Additionally, in 2023 we identified two individuals and placed them into a credit rotation program enabling them to move from their current position into a new career path. 
 
 We also sponsored two employees to attend the Stonier Graduate School of Banking. We sponsor employees on an annual basis. This is a competitive process requiring an employee to be nominated by the employee s manager and then participate in a panel interview. We continuously assess any skill gaps and are gearing learning for the banking positions of the future. 
 
 Health and Safety : The safety, health and wellness of our employees is a top priority. The Bank has established wellness programs that include a Preventative Care Incentive Program, flu shot vaccination time-off, as well as health programs service discounts. 

-9-

Table of Contents 

Benefits Employee Retention : We offer a wide variety of benefits and incentive rewards to attract, engage, retain and motivate talent. Included are competitive wages, performance based-bonuses and incentive based-compensation, stock awards, 401(k) Plan with competitive match, medical/dental/vision plans, insurance benefits, voluntary benefits, commuter benefits, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, tuition reimbursement, paid time-off, disability, sick/family leave and in addition, we have employee appreciation events that include team building events, community events, softball games, food truck days, and annual Amazing award celebrations. Employee retention helps us to operate efficiently and is key to our ability to compete against larger competitors. 
 
 The Bank also has Employee Assistance Programs, which provide work/life assistance and resources for all full-time employees. All services are provided confidentially and at no additional cost. The Bank encourages a work/life balance by offering hybrid scheduling that combines working remotely, as well as the ability to work out of our offices. 
 
 Promotions: We focus on promoting employees from within and leveraging their knowledge of the organization as we continue to grow our Bank. In 2023, 58 employees were promoted into new roles. 
 
 We continuously assess any skill gaps and are gearing learning for the banking positions of the future. 

-10-

Table of Contents 

SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
 
 The banking industry is highly regulated. Statutory and regulatory controls increase a bank holding company s cost of doing business and limit the options of its management to deploy assets and maximize income. The following discussion is not intended to be a complete list of all the activities regulated by the banking laws or of the impact of such laws and regulations on the Company or the Bank. It is intended only to briefly summarize some material provisions. 
 
 Bank Holding Company Regulation 
 
 The Company is a bank holding company within the meaning of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (the Holding Company Act ). As a bank holding company, the Company is supervised by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System FRB and is required to file reports with the FRB and provide such additional information as the FRB may require. The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to examination by the FRB. 
 
 The Holding Company Act prohibits the Company, with certain exceptions, from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any company which is not a bank and from engaging in any business other than that of banking, managing and controlling banks or furnishing services to subsidiary banks, except that it may, upon application, engage in, and may own shares of companies engaged in, certain businesses found by the FRB to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto. The Holding Company Act requires prior approval by the FRB of the acquisition by the Company of more than 5 of the voting stock of any other bank. Satisfactory capital ratios and Community Reinvestment Act ratings and anti-money laundering policies are generally prerequisites to obtaining federal regulatory approval to make acquisitions. The policy of the FRB, embodied in FRB regulations, provides that a bank holding company is expected to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary bank(s) and to commit resources to support the subsidiary bank(s) in circumstances in which it might not do so absent that policy. 
 
 As a New Jersey-charted commercial bank and an FDIC-insured institution, acquisitions by the Bank require approval of the New Jersey Department of Banking and Insurance (the Banking Department and the FDIC, an agency of the federal government. The Holding Company Act does not place territorial restrictions on the activities of non-bank subsidiaries of bank holding companies. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, discussed below, allows the Company to expand into insurance, securities, merchant banking activities, and other activities that are financial in nature, in certain circumstances. 
 
 Regulation of Bank Subsidiary 
 
 The operations of the Bank are subject to requirements and restrictions under federal law, including requirements to maintain reserves against deposits, restrictions on the types and amounts of loans that may be granted, and limitations on the types of investments that may be made and the types of services which may be offered. Various consumer laws and regulations also affect the operations of the Bank. There are various legal limitations, including Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, which govern the extent to which a bank subsidiary may finance or otherwise supply funds to its holding company or its holding company s non-bank subsidiaries and affiliates. Under federal law, a bank subsidiary may only make loans or extensions of credit to, or invest in the securities of, its parent or the non-bank subsidiaries of its parent (other than direct subsidiaries of such bank which are not financial subsidiaries) or to any affiliate, or take their securities as collateral for loans to any borrower, upon satisfaction of various regulatory criteria, including specific collateral loan to value requirements. 

-11-

Table of Contents 

The Dodd-Frank Act 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act, adopted in 2010, will continue to have a broad impact on the financial services industry as a result of the significant regulatory and compliance changes made by the Dodd-Frank Act, including, among other things, (i) enhanced resolution authority over troubled and failing banks and their holding companies; (ii) increased capital and liquidity requirements; (iii) increased regulatory examination fees; (iv) changes to assessments to be paid to the FDIC for federal deposit insurance; and (v) numerous other provisions designed to improve supervision and oversight of, and strengthening safety and soundness for, the financial services sector. Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act establishes a new framework for systemic risk oversight within the financial system to be distributed among new and existing federal regulatory agencies, including the Financial Stability Oversight Council, the FRB, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the FDIC. A summary of certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act is set forth below: 

Minimum Capital Requirements. The Dodd-Frank Act required capital rules and the application of the same leverage and risk-based capital requirements that apply to insured depository institutions to most bank holding companies. In addition to making bank holding companies subject to the same capital requirements as their bank subsidiaries, these provisions (often referred to as the Collins Amendment to the Dodd-Frank Act) were also intended to eliminate or significantly reduce the use of hybrid capital instruments, especially trust preferred securities, as regulatory capital. The Dodd-Frank Act also requires banking regulators to seek to make capital standards countercyclical, so that the required levels of capital increase in times of economic expansion and decrease in times of economic contraction. See Capital Adequacy Guidelines for a description of capital requirements adopted by U.S. federal banking regulators in 2013 and the treatment of trust preferred securities under such rules. 

The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Bureau ). The Dodd-Frank Act created the Bureau. The Bureau is tasked with establishing and implementing rules and regulations under certain federal consumer protection laws with respect to the conduct of providers of certain consumer financial products and services. The Bureau has rulemaking authority over many of the statutes governing products and services offered to bank consumers. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act permits states to adopt consumer protection laws and regulations that are more stringent than those regulations promulgated by the Bureau and state attorneys general are permitted to enforce consumer protection rules adopted by the Bureau against state-chartered institutions. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has examination and enforcement authority over all banks and savings institutions with more than 10 billion in assets. Institutions with 10 billion or less in assets will continue to be examined for compliance with the consumer laws by their primary bank regulators. Although the Bank currently has less than 10 billion in assets, and so is not subject to examination by the Bureau, it is likely that the Bank will exceed 10 billion in total assets in the foreseeable future, and so will become subject to examination by the Bureau. 

Deposit Insurance. The Dodd-Frank Act made permanent the 250,000 deposit insurance limit for insured deposits. Amendments to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act also revised the assessment base against which an insured depository institution s deposit insurance premium paid to the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF will be calculated. Under the amendments, the assessment base is no longer based on the institution s deposit base, but rather its average consolidated total assets less its average tangible equity during the assessment period. Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act makes changes to the minimum designated reserve ratio of the DIF, increasing the minimum from 1.15 to 1.35 of the estimated amount of total insured deposits and eliminating the requirement that the FDIC pay dividends to depository institutions when the reserve ratio exceeds certain thresholds. The FDIC has set the designated reserve ratio at 2.0 . 

Shareholder Votes . The Dodd-Frank Act requires publicly traded companies like the Company to give shareholders a non-binding vote on executive compensation and so-called golden parachute payments in certain circumstances. The Dodd-Frank Act also authorizes the SEC to promulgate rules that would allow shareholders to nominate their own candidates using a company s proxy materials, which the SEC has adopted. 

-12-

Table of Contents 

Although a significant number of the rules and regulations mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act have been finalized, many of the requirements called for have yet to be fully implemented and will likely be subject to implementing regulations over the course of several years. In addition, some of the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act that were implemented have already been revised. See Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act below. Given the uncertainty associated with the way the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act will be implemented by the various regulatory agencies, the full extent of the impact such requirements will have on financial institutions operations is unclear. The changes resulting from the Dodd-Frank Act may impact the profitability of our business activities, require changes to certain of our business practices, impose upon us more stringent capital, liquidity and leverage ratio requirements (which, in turn, could require the Company and the Bank to seek additional capital) or otherwise adversely affect our business. These changes may also require us to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make necessary changes in order to comply with new statutory and regulatory requirements. 
 
 Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act. 
 
 The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act EGRRCPA ), adopted in May of 2018, was intended to provide regulatory relief to midsized and regional banks. While many of its provisions are aimed at larger institutions, such as raising the threshold to be considered a systemically important financial institution to 250 billion in assets from 50 billion in assets, many of its provisions will provide regulatory relief to those institutions with 10 billion or more in assets, as well as to those institutions with less than 10 billion in assets. Among other things, the EGRRCPA increased the asset threshold for depository institutions and holding companies to perform stress tests required under Dodd Frank from 10 billion to 250 billion, exempted institutions with less than 10 billion in consolidated assets from the Volcker Rule, raised the threshold for the requirement that publicly traded holding companies have a risk committee from 10 billion in consolidated assets to 50 billion in consolidated assets, directed the federal banking agencies to adopt a community bank leverage ratio , applicable to institutions and holding companies with less than 10 billion in assets, and to provide that compliance with the new ratio would be deemed compliance with all capital requirements applicable to the institution or holding company (See -Capital Adequacy Guidelines ), and provided that residential mortgage loans meeting certain criteria and originated by institutions with less than 10 billion in total assets will be deemed to meet the ability to repay rule under the Truth in Lending Act. In addition, the EGRRCPA limited the definition of loans that would be subject to the higher risk weighting applicable to High Volatility Commercial Real Estate. 
 
 Certain of the regulations needed to implement the EGRRCPA have yet to be promulgated by the federal banking agencies, and others have not been fully implemented or enforced and so it is still uncertain how full implementation of the EGRRCPA will affect the Company and the Bank. 
 
 Regulation W 
 
 Regulation W codifies prior regulations under Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and interpretative guidance with respect to affiliate transactions. Affiliates of a bank include, among other entities, the bank s holding company and companies that are under common control with the bank. The Company is considered to be an affiliate of the Bank. In general, subject to certain specified exemptions, a bank or its subsidiaries are limited in their ability to engage in covered transactions with affiliates: 

to an amount equal to 10 of the bank s capital and surplus, in the case of covered transactions with any one affiliate; and 

to an amount equal to 20 of the bank s capital and surplus, in the case of covered transactions with all affiliates. 

In addition, a bank and its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions and other specified transactions only on terms and under circumstances that are substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the bank or its subsidiary, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with nonaffiliated companies. A covered transaction includes: 

a loan or extension of credit to an affiliate; 

a purchase of, or an investment in, securities issued by an affiliate; 

a purchase of assets from an affiliate, with some exceptions; 

the acceptance of securities issued by an affiliate as collateral for a loan or extension of credit to any party; and 

the issuance of a guarantee, acceptance or letter of credit on behalf of an affiliate. 

-13-

Table of Contents 

Further, under Regulation W: 

a bank and its subsidiaries may not purchase a low-quality asset from an affiliate; 

covered transactions and other specified transactions between a bank or its subsidiaries and an affiliate must be on terms and conditions that are consistent with safe and sound banking practices; and 

with some exceptions, each loan or extension of credit by a bank to an affiliate must be secured by certain types of collateral with a market value ranging from 100 to 130 of the loan value, depending on the type of collateral. 

Regulation W generally excludes all non-bank and non-savings association subsidiaries of banks which are not financial subsidiaries from treatment as affiliates, except to the extent that the FRB decides to treat these subsidiaries as affiliates. 
 
 FDICIA 
 
 Pursuant to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA ), each federal banking agency has promulgated regulations, specifying the levels at which an insured depository institution such as the Bank would be considered well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, or critically undercapitalized, and to take certain mandatory and discretionary supervisory actions based on the capital level of the institution. To qualify to engage in financial activities under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, all depository institutions must be well capitalized. 
 
 The FDIC s regulations implementing these provisions of FDICIA provide that an institution will be classified as well capitalized if it (i) has a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10.0 , (ii) has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 8.0 , (iii) has a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 5.0 , (iv) has a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6.5 , and (v) meets certain other requirements. An institution will be classified as adequately capitalized if it (i) has a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 8.0 , (ii) has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 6.0 , (iii) has a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 4.0 , has a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 4.5 , and (v) does not meet the definition of well capitalized. An institution will be classified as undercapitalized if it (i) has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8.0 , (ii) has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , (iii) has a Tier 1 leverage ratio of less than 4.0 , or (iv) has a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of less than 4.5 . An institution will be classified as significantly undercapitalized if it (i) has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , (ii) has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0 , (iii) has a Tier 1 leverage ratio of less than 3.0 , or (iv) has a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of less 3.0 . An institution will be classified as critically undercapitalized if it has a tangible equity to total assets ratio that is equal to or less than 2.0 . An insured depository institution may be deemed to be in a lower capitalization category if it receives an unsatisfactory examination rating. 
 
 In addition, significant provisions of FDICIA required federal banking regulators to impose standards in a number of other important areas to assure bank safety and soundness, including internal controls, information systems and internal audit systems, credit underwriting, asset growth, compensation, loan documentation and interest rate exposure. 

-14-

Table of Contents 

Capital Adequacy Guidelines 
 
 In December 2010 and January 2011, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee published the final texts of reforms on capital and liquidity generally referred to as Basel III. In July 2013, the FRB, the FDIC and the Comptroller of the Currency adopted final rules (the New Rules ), which implement certain provisions of Basel III and the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 
 Under the New Rules, the Company and the Bank are required to maintain the following minimum capital ratios, expressed as a percentage of risk-weighted assets: 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of 4.5 (the CET1 

Tier 1 Capital Ratio (CET1 capital plus Additional Tier 1 capital of 6.0 ; and 

Total Capital Ratio (Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital) of 8.0 . 

In addition, the Company and the Bank will be subject to a leverage ratio of 4 (calculated as Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets as reported on the consolidated financial statements). 
 
 The New Rules also require a capital conservation buffer. Under this provision, the Company and the Bank are required to maintain a 2.5 capital conservation buffer, which is composed entirely of CET1, on top of the minimum risk-weighted asset ratios described above, resulting in the following minimum capital ratios: 

CET1 of 7 ; 

Tier 1 Capital Ratio of 8.5 ; and 

Total Capital Ratio of 10.5 . 

The purpose of the capital conservation buffer is to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking institutions with a CET1, Tier 1 Capital Ratio and Total Capital Ratio above the minimum set forth above but below the capital conservation buffer will face constraints on their ability to pay dividends, repurchase equity and pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers, based on the amount of the shortfall. 
 
 The implementation of the capital conservation buffer began on January 1, 2016 and was fully phased in on January 1, 2019. 
 
 The New Rules provide for several deductions from and adjustments to CET1. For example, mortgage servicing rights, deferred tax assets dependent upon future taxable income and significant investments in common equity issued by nonconsolidated financial entities must be deducted from CET1 to the extent that any one of those categories exceeds 10 of CET1 or all such categories in the aggregate exceed 15 of CET1. 
 
 Under the New Rules, banking organizations such as the Company and the Bank may make a one-time permanent election regarding the treatment of accumulated other comprehensive income items in determining regulatory capital ratios. Effective as of January 1, 2015, the Company and the Bank elected to exclude accumulated other comprehensive income items for purposes of determining regulatory capital. 
 
 While the New Rules generally require the phase-out of non-qualifying capital instruments such as trust preferred securities and cumulative perpetual preferred stock, holding companies with less than 15 billion in total consolidated assets as of December 31, 2009, such as the Company, may permanently include non-qualifying instruments that were issued and included in Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital prior to May 19, 2010 in Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital until they redeem such instruments or until the instruments mature. 

-15-

Table of Contents 

The New Rules prescribe a standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets. Depending on the nature of the assets, the risk categories generally range from 0 for U.S. Government and agency securities, to 600 for certain equity exposures, and result in higher risk weights for a variety of asset categories. In addition, the New Rules provide more advantageous risk weights for derivatives and repurchase-style transactions cleared through a qualifying central counterparty and increase the scope of eligible guarantors and eligible collateral for purposes of credit risk mitigation. 
 
 Consistent with the Dodd-Frank Act, the New Rules adopt alternatives to credit ratings for calculating the risk-weighting for certain assets. 
 
 In December 2018, the OCC, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and the FDIC approved a final rule to address changes to credit loss accounting under GAAP, including banking organizations implementation of ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments CECL ). The Company adopted the CECL standard effective January 1, 2021. 
 
 On September 17, 2019, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule providing simplified capital requirements for certain community banking organizations (banks and holding companies) with less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, implementing provisions of EGRRCPA discussed above. Under the rule, a qualifying community banking organization would be eligible to elect the community bank leverage ratio framework or continue to measure capital under the existing Basel III requirements set forth in the New Rules. The new rule took effect January 1, 2020, and qualifying community banking organizations could elect to opt into the new community bank leverage ratio CBLR in their call report for the first quarter of 2020. 
 
 A qualifying community banking organization QCBO is defined as a bank, a savings association, a bank holding company or a savings and loan holding company with: 

a leverage capital ratio of greater than 9.0 ; 

total consolidated assets of less than 10.0 billion; 

total off-balance sheet exposures (excluding derivatives other than credit derivatives and unconditionally cancelable commitments) of 25 or less of total consolidated assets; and 

total trading assets and trading liabilities of 5 or less of total consolidated assets. 

A QCBO opting into the CBLR must maintain a CBLR of 9.0 , subject to a two-quarter grace period to come back into compliance, provided that the QCBO maintains a leverage ratio of more than 8.0 during the grace period. A QCBO failing to satisfy these requirements must comply with the Basel III requirements as implemented by the New Rules. The numerator of the CBLR is Tier 1 capital, as calculated under present rules. The denominator of the CBLR is the QCBO s average assets, calculated in accordance with the QCBO s Call Report instructions and less assets deducted from Tier 1 capital. 
 
 The Company and the Bank have elected not to opt into the CBLR. 
 
 Federal Deposit Insurance and Premiums 
 
 The deposits of the Bank are insured up to applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF of the FDIC and are subject to deposit insurance assessments to maintain the DIF. 
 
 The assessment base for deposit insurance premiums is an institution s average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity. In connection with adopting this assessment base calculation, the FDIC lowered total base assessment rates to between 2.5 and 9 basis points for banks in the lowest risk category, and 30 to 45 basis points for banks in the highest risk category. The Company paid 5.7 million and 2.8 million in total FDIC assessments in 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase from 2023 was attributable to balance sheet growth and a two-basis point increase in the Bank s initial base rate. 

-16-

Table of Contents 

The FDIC has a designated reserve ratio (DRR), that is, the ratio of the DIF to insured deposits, of 1.35 . The Dodd-Frank Act requires the FDIC to offset the effect on institutions with assets less than 10 billion of the increase in the statutory minimum DRR to 1.35 from the former statutory minimum of 1.15 . 
 
 The FDIC Board of Directors approved a final rule to implement a special assessment to recover the loss to the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) associated with protecting uninsured depositors following the closures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Act (FDI Act) requires the FDIC to take this action in connection with the systemic risk determination announced on March 12, 2023. 
 
 The assessment base for the special assessment is equal to an insured depository institution s (IDI s) estimated uninsured deposits reported as of December 31, 2022, adjusted to exclude the first 5 billion, applicable either to the IDI, if an IDI is not a subsidiary of a holding company, or at the banking organization level, to the extent that an IDI is part of a holding company with one or more subsidiary IDIs. The special assessment will be collected at an annual rate of approximately 13.4 basis points for an anticipated total of eight quarterly assessment periods. The special assessment will be collected beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2024 (i.e., January 1 through March 31, 2024) with an invoice payment date of June 28, 2024. The Company accrued 2.1 million as of December 31, 2023 related to this special assessment. 
 
 Because the estimated loss pursuant to the systemic risk determination will be periodically adjusted, the FDIC could: 

Cease collection early, if it has collected enough to recover actual or estimated losses; 

Extend the special assessment collection period one or more quarters beyond the initial eight-quarter collection period, if actual or estimated losses exceed the amounts collected; and 

Impose a final shortfall special assessment on a one-time basis after the receiverships for Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank terminate, if actual losses exceed the amounts collected. 

-17-

Table of Contents 

The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999 
 
 The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999 (the Modernization Act ): 

allows bank holding companies meeting management, capital, and Community Reinvestment Act standards to engage in a substantially broader range of non-banking activities than previously was permissible, including insurance underwriting and making merchant banking investments in commercial and financial companies, if the bank holding company elects to become a financial holding company. Thereafter it may engage in certain financial activities without further approvals; 

allows insurers and other financial services companies to acquire banks; 

removes various restrictions that previously applied to bank holding company ownership of securities firms and mutual fund advisory companies; and 

establishes the overall regulatory structure applicable to bank holding companies that also engage in insurance and securities operations. 

The Modernization Act also modified other financial laws, including laws related to financial privacy and community reinvestment. The Company has elected not to become a financial holding company. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act 
 
 Under the Community Reinvestment Act CRA ), as implemented by FDIC regulations, an insured depository institution has a continuing and affirmative obligation consistent with its safe and sound operation to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions, nor does it limit an institution s discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community, consistent with the CRA. The CRA requires the FDIC, in connection with its examination of every bank, to assess the bank s record of meeting the credit needs of its community and to take such record into account in its evaluation of certain applications by such bank. Regulations implementing the CRA were substantially revised in 2023 and the changes will begin to become effective over the next several years. The Company is studying the revisions to determine the impact on its operations, which is uncertain at this time. 

-18-

Table of Contents 

USA PATRIOT Act 
 
 The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the USA PATRIOT Act gives the federal government powers to address terrorist threats through domestic security measures, surveillance powers, information sharing, and anti-money laundering requirements. By way of amendments to the Bank Secrecy Act, the USA PATRIOT Act encourages information-sharing among bank regulatory agencies and law enforcement bodies. Further, certain provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act impose affirmative obligations on a broad range of financial institutions, including banks, thrift institutions, brokers, dealers, credit unions, money transfer agents and parties registered under the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 
 Among other requirements, the USA PATRIOT Act imposes the following requirements with respect to financial institutions: 

All financial institutions must establish anti-money laundering programs that include, at a minimum: (i) internal policies, procedures, and controls; (ii) specific designation of an anti-money laundering compliance officer; (iii) ongoing employee training programs; and (iv) an independent audit function to test the anti-money laundering program. 

The Secretary of the Department of Treasury, in conjunction with other bank regulators, is authorized to issue regulations that provide for minimum standards with respect to client identification at the time new accounts are opened. 

Financial institutions that establish, maintain, administer, or manage private banking accounts or correspondent accounts in the United States for non-United States persons or their representatives (including foreign individuals visiting the United States) are required to establish appropriate, specific and, where necessary, enhanced due diligence policies, procedures, and controls designed to detect and report money laundering. 

Financial institutions are prohibited from establishing, maintaining, administering or managing correspondent accounts for foreign shell banks (foreign banks that do not have a physical presence in any country), and will be subject to certain record keeping obligations with respect to correspondent accounts of foreign banks. 

Bank regulators are directed to consider a holding company s effectiveness in combating money laundering when ruling on Federal Reserve Act and Bank Merger Act applications. 

The United States Treasury Department has issued a number of implementing regulations which address various requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act and are applicable to financial institutions such as the Bank. These regulations impose obligations on financial institutions to maintain appropriate policies, procedures and controls to detect, prevent and report money laundering and terrorist financing and to verify the identity of their clients. 

-19-

Table of Contents 

Loans to Related Parties 
 
 The Company s authority to extend credit to its directors and executive officers, as well as to entities controlled by such persons, is currently governed by the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Regulation O promulgated by the FRB. Among other things, these provisions require that extensions of credit to insiders (i) be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than, those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons and that do not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features and (ii) not exceed certain limitations on the amount of credit extended to such persons, individually and in the aggregate, which limits are based, in part, on the amount of the Bank s capital. In addition, the Bank s Board of Directors must approve all extensions of credit to insiders. 
 
 Dividend Restrictions 
 
 The Parent Corporation is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank. Virtually all the revenue of the Parent Corporation available for payment of dividends on its capital stock will result from amounts paid to the Parent Corporation by the Bank. All such dividends are subject to the laws of the State of New Jersey, the Banking Act, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act FDIA and the regulations of the Banking Department and of the FDIC. 
 
 Under the New Jersey Corporation Act, the Parent Corporation is permitted to pay cash dividends provided that the payment does not leave us insolvent. As a bank holding company under the BHCA, we would be prohibited from paying cash dividends if we are not in compliance with any capital requirements applicable to us, including our required capital conservation buffer. However, as a practical matter, for so long as our major operations consist of ownership of the Bank, the Bank will remain our source of dividend payments, and our ability to pay dividends will be subject to any restrictions applicable to the Bank. 
 
 The Parent Corporation has a series of outstanding perpetual preferred stock, our 5.25 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A. The rights of the preferred stockholders to receive dividends are senior to the rights of our common holders, although the preferred dividend rights are non-cumulative. Therefore, unless all dividends due on our outstanding preferred stock have been declared and paid for the most recent dividend period, we may not pay a dividend on our common stock or repurchase shares of our common stock. 
 
 Under the New Jersey Banking Act of 1948, as amended, dividends may be paid by the Bank only if, after the payment of the dividend, the capital stock of the Bank will be unimpaired and either the Bank will have a surplus of not less than 50 of its capital stock or the payment of the dividend will not reduce the Bank s surplus. The payment of dividends is also dependent upon the Bank s ability to maintain adequate capital ratios pursuant to applicable regulatory requirements. 
 
 The FRB has issued a policy statement regarding the payment of dividends by bank holding companies. In general, the FRB s policies provide that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the bank holding company appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. FRB regulations also require that a bank holding company serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks by standing ready to use available resources to provide adequate capital funds to those banks during periods of financial stress or adversity and by maintaining the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks where necessary. Under the prompt corrective action laws, the ability of a bank holding company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized, and under regulations implementing the Basel III accord, a bank holding company s ability to pay cash dividends may be impaired if it fails to satisfy certain capital buffer requirements. These regulatory policies could affect the ability of the Company to pay dividends or otherwise engage in capital distributions. 

-20-

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 An investment in our securities involves risks. Stockholders should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making any purchase or sale decisions regarding our securities. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or operating results may be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our securities may decline, and stockholders may lose part or all of their investment in our securities. 
 
 Risks Applicable to Our Business: 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and measures intended to prevent its spread could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and such effects will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict. 
 
 Global health concerns relating to the COVID-19 outbreak and its variants and related government actions taken to reduce the spread of the virus and changes in customer, employer and employee behavior have weighed on and may continue to effect the macroeconomic environment in our New Jersey/New York metropolitan market trade area and have caused economic uncertainty and reduced economic activity. Given the ongoing and dynamic nature of the pandemic, it is difficult to predict the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and that of our clients, employees and third-party service providers. The extent of such an impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain. 

-21-

Table of Contents 

Our growth-oriented business strategy could be adversely affected if we are not able to attract and retain skilled employees or if we lose the services of our senior management team. 
 
 We may not be able to successfully manage our business as a result of the strain on our management and operations that may result from growth. Our ability to manage growth will depend upon our ability to continue to attract, hire and retain skilled employees. The loss of members of our senior management team, including those officers named in the summary compensation table of our proxy statement, could have a material adverse effect on our results or operations and ability to execute our strategic goals. Our success will also depend on the ability of our officers and key employees to continue to implement and improve our operational and other systems, to manage multiple, concurrent client relationships and to hire, train and manage our employees. 
 
 We may need to raise additional capital to execute our growth-oriented business strategy. 
 
 In order to continue our growth, we will be required to maintain our regulatory capital ratios at levels higher than the minimum ratios set by our regulators. We can offer you no assurances that we will be able to raise capital in the future, or that the terms of any such capital will be beneficial to our existing security holders. In the event we are unable to raise capital in the future, we may not be able to continue our growth strategy. 
 
 We have a significant concentration in commercial real estate loans. 
 
 Our loan portfolio is made up largely of commercial real estate loans. These types of loans generally expose a lender to a higher degree of credit risk of non-payment and loss than do residential mortgage loans because of several factors, including dependence on the successful operation of a business or a project for repayment, and loan terms with a balloon payment rather than full amortization over the loan term. In addition, commercial real estate loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared to one-to four-family residential mortgage loans. Underwriting and portfolio management activities cannot completely eliminate all risks related to these loans. Any significant failure to pay on time by our clients or a significant default by our clients would materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had 6.5 billion of commercial real estate loans (nonowner-occupied, owner-occupied multifamily and land), including construction loans, which represented 78.1 of loans receivable. Concentrations in commercial real estate are monitored by regulatory agencies and subject to scrutiny. Guidance from these regulatory agencies includes all commercial real estate loans, including commercial construction loans, in calculating our commercial real estate concentration, but excludes owner-occupied commercial real estate loans. Based on this regulatory definition, our commercial real estate loans represented 463 of the Bank s Tier 1 capital plus the allowance for credit losses on loans. 
 
 Loans secured by owner-occupied real estate are reliant on the operating businesses to provide cash flow to meet debt service obligations, and as a result may be more susceptible to the general impact on the economic environment affecting those operating companies as well as the real estate. 
 
 The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the development of remote work or hybrid work models on the metropolitan New York area commercial real estate market is uncertain, causing volatility in rents in certain core urban markets. Many other factors, including the exchange rate for the U.S. dollar, potential international trade tariffs, inflation and changes in federal tax laws affecting the deductibility of state and local taxes and mortgage interest could negatively impact our local economy and real estate market. Accordingly, it may be more difficult for commercial real estate borrowers to repay their loans in a timely manner, as commercial real estate borrowers ability to repay their loans frequently depends on the successful development and leasing of their properties. The deterioration of one or a few of our commercial real estate loans could cause a material increase in our level of nonperforming loans, which would result in a loss of revenue from these loans and could result in an increase in the provision for credit losses and/or an increase in charge-offs, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our net income. We also may incur losses on commercial real estate loans due to declines in occupancy rates and rental rates, which may decrease property values and may decrease the likelihood that a borrower may find permanent financing alternatives. Any weakening of the commercial real estate market may increase the likelihood of default on these loans, which could negatively impact our loan portfolio s performance and asset quality. If we are required to liquidate the collateral securing a loan to satisfy the debt during a period of reduced real estate values, we could incur material losses. Any of these events could increase our costs, require management time and attention, and materially and adversely affect us. 

-22-

Table of Contents 

Federal banking agencies have issued guidance regarding high concentrations of commercial real estate loans within bank loan portfolios. The guidance requires financial institutions that exceed certain levels of commercial real estate lending compared with their total capital to maintain heightened risk management practices that address the following key elements: board and management oversight and strategic planning, portfolio management, development of underwriting standards, risk assessment and monitoring through market analysis and stress testing, and maintenance of increased capital levels as needed to support the level of commercial real estate lending. If there is any deterioration in our commercial real estate portfolio or if our regulators conclude that we have not implemented appropriate risk management practices, it could adversely affect our business, and could result in the requirement to maintain increased capital levels. Such capital may not be available at that time and may result in our regulators requiring us to reduce our concentration on commercial real estate loans. 
 
 If we are limited in our ability to originate loans secured by commercial real estate, we may face greater risk in our loan portfolio. 
 
 If, because of our concentration of commercial real estate loans, or for any other reasons, we are limited in our ability to originate loans secured by commercial real estate, we may incur greater risk in our loan portfolio. For example, we are and may continue to seek to further increase our growth rate in commercial and industrial loans, including both secured and unsecured commercial and industrial loans. Unsecured loans generally involve a higher degree of risk of loss than do secured loans because, without collateral, repayment is wholly dependent upon the success of the borrowers businesses and personal guarantees. Secured commercial and industrial loans are generally collateralized by accounts receivable, inventory, equipment or other assets owned by the borrower and typically include a personal guaranty of the business owner. Compared to real estate, that type of collateral is more difficult to monitor, its value is harder to ascertain, it may depreciate more rapidly, and it may not be as readily saleable if repossessed. Therefore, we may be exposed to greater risk of loss on these credits. 
 
 The nature and growth rate of our commercial loan portfolio may expose us to increased lending risks. 
 
 Given the significant growth in our loan portfolio, many of our commercial real estate loans are unseasoned, meaning that they originated relatively recently. As of December 31, 2023, we had 5.9 billion in commercial real estate loans outstanding. Approximately 64.5 of the loans, or 3.8 billion, were originated in the past three years. As a result, it may be difficult to predict the future performance of our loan portfolio. These loans may have delinquency or charge-off levels above our expectations, which could negatively affect our performance. 
 
 The small-to medium-sized businesses that the Bank lends to may have fewer resources to weather a downturn in the economy, which may impair a borrower s ability to repay a loan to the Bank that could materially harm our operating results. 
 
 The Bank targets its business development and marketing strategy primarily to serve the banking and financial services needs of small-to medium-sized businesses. These small-to medium-sized businesses frequently have smaller market share than their competition, may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, often need substantial additional capital to expand or compete and may experience significant volatility in operating results. Any one or more of these factors may impair the borrower s ability to repay a loan. In addition, the success of a small-to medium-sized business often depends on the management talents and efforts of one or two persons or a small group of persons, and the death, disability or resignation of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on the business and its ability to repay a loan. Economic downturns and other events that negatively impact our market areas could cause the Bank to incur substantial credit losses that could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our performance. 
 
 Our reputation is one of the most valuable components of our business. As such, we strive to conduct our business in a manner that enhances our reputation. This is done, in part, by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve, delivering superior service to our clients and caring about our clients and associates. If our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our employees or otherwise, our business and, therefore, our operating results may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our corporate documents and in New Jersey corporate law may make it difficult and expensive to remove current management. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our corporate documents and in New Jersey law may render the removal of our existing board of directors and management more difficult. Consequently, it may be difficult and expensive for our stockholders to remove current management, even if current management is not performing adequately. 

-23-

Table of Contents 

Competition in originating loans and attracting deposits may adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 We face substantial competition in originating loans. This competition currently comes principally from other banks, savings institutions, mortgage banking companies, credit unions and other lenders, including online fintech companies. Many of our competitors enjoy advantages, including greater financial resources and higher lending limits, a wider geographic presence, more accessible branch office locations, the ability to offer a wider array of services or more favorable pricing alternatives, as well as lower origination and operating costs. This competition could reduce our net income by decreasing the number and size of loans that we originate and the interest rates we may charge on these loans. 
 
 In attracting deposits, we face substantial competition from other insured depository institutions such as banks, savings institutions and credit unions, as well as institutions offering uninsured investment alternatives, including money market funds. Many of our competitors enjoy advantages, including greater financial resources, more aggressive marketing campaigns, better brand recognition and more branch locations. 
 
 These competitors may offer higher interest rates than we do, which could decrease the deposits that we attract or require us to increase our rates to retain existing deposits or attract new deposits. 
 
 We have also been active in competing for New York and New Jersey governmental and municipal deposits. As of December 31, 2023, governmental and municipal deposits accounted for approximately 745.0 million in deposits. The governor of New Jersey has proposed that the state form and own a bank in which governmental and municipal entities would deposit their excess funds, with the state-owned bank then financing small businesses and municipal projects in New Jersey. Although this proposal is in the very early stages, should this proposal be adopted and a state-owned bank formed, it could impede our ability to attract and retain governmental and municipal deposits. 
 
 Increased deposit competition could adversely affect our ability to generate the funds necessary for lending operations, which may increase our cost of funds. 
 
 We also compete with non-bank providers of financial services, such as brokerage firms, consumer finance companies, insurance companies and governmental organizations, which may offer more favorable terms. Some of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations that govern our operations. As a result, such non-bank competitors may have advantages over us in providing certain products and services. This competition may reduce or limit our margins on banking services, reduce our market share and adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, the banking industry in general faces competition for deposit, credit and money management products from non-bank technology firms, or fintech companies, which may offer products independently or through relationships with insured depository institutions. 
 
 External factors, many of which we cannot control, may result in liquidity concerns for us. 
 
 Liquidity risk is the potential that the Bank may be unable to meet its obligations as they come due, capitalize on growth opportunities as they arise, or pay regular dividends because of an inability to liquidate assets or obtain adequate funding on a timely basis, at a reasonable cost and within acceptable risk tolerances. 
 
 Liquidity is required to fund various obligations, including credit commitments to borrowers, mortgage and other loan originations, withdrawals by depositors, repayment of borrowings, operating expenses, capital expenditures and dividend payments to shareholders. 
 
 Liquidity is derived primarily from deposit growth and retention; principal and interest payments on loans; prepayment and maturities of loans; principal and interest payments on investment securities; sale, maturity and prepayment of investment securities; net cash provided from operations, and access to other funding sources. In addition, in recent periods we have substantially increased our use of alternate deposit origination channels, such as brokered deposits, including reciprocal deposit services, and internet listing services. 

-24-

Table of Contents 

Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry in general. Factors that could detrimentally impact our access to liquidity sources include a decrease in the level of our business activity due to market factors or an adverse regulatory action against us, as well as events affecting other market participants, such as failures of other insured depository institutions. In addition, our ability to use alternate deposit origination channels could be substantially impaired if we fail to remain well capitalized . Our ability to borrow could also be impaired by factors that are not specific to us, such as a severe disruption of the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry as a whole. Furthermore, regional and community banks generally have less access to the capital markets than do the national and super-regional banks because of their smaller size and limited analyst coverage. Any decline in available funding could adversely impact our ability to originate loans, invest in securities, meet our expenses, or fulfill obligations such as meeting deposit withdrawal demands, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Declines in the value of our investment securities portfolio may adversely impact our results. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 617.2 million in fair value of investment securities, all of which are classified as available-for-sale. We may be required to record an allowance for credit on our investment securities if they suffer a decline in value below their amortized cost basis that is considered credit related. Numerous factors, including lack of liquidity for re-sales of certain investment securities, absence of reliable pricing information on investment securities, adverse changes in business climate, adverse actions by regulators, or unanticipated changes in the competitive environment could have a negative effect on our investment portfolio in future periods. If an impairment charge is significant enough, it could affect the ability of the Bank to upstream dividends to the Company, which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and our ability to pay dividends to shareholders and could also negatively impact our regulatory capital ratios. 
 
 The Bank s ability to pay dividends is subject to regulatory limitations, which, to the extent that the Company requires such dividends in the future, may affect the Company s ability to honor its obligations and pay dividends. 
 
 As a bank holding company, the Company is a separate legal entity from the Bank and its subsidiaries and does not have significant operations. We currently depend on the Bank s cash and liquidity to pay our operating expenses and to fund dividends to shareholders. We cannot assure you that in the future the Bank will have the capacity to pay the necessary dividends and that we will not require dividends from the Bank to satisfy our obligations. Various statutes and regulations limit the availability of dividends from the Bank. It is possible, depending upon our and the Bank s financial condition and other factors, that bank regulators could assert that payment of dividends or other payments by the Bank are an unsafe or unsound practice. In the event that the Bank is unable to pay dividends, we may not be able to service our obligations, as they become due, or pay dividends on our capital stock. Consequently, the inability to receive dividends from the Bank could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
 
 In addition, as described under Capital Adequacy Guidelines, banks and bank holding companies are required to maintain a capital conservation buffer on top of minimum risk-weighted asset ratios. The capital conservation buffer is 2.5 . Banking institutions which do not maintain capital in excess of the capital conservation buffer will face constraints on the payment of dividends, equity repurchases, and compensation based on the amount of the shortfall. Accordingly, if the Bank fails to maintain the applicable minimum capital ratios and the capital conservation buffer, distributions to the Company may be prohibited or limited. 
 
 We may not be able to pay dividends on our common stock if we have not made required dividend payments on our outstanding, noncumulative preferred stock. 
 
 We have a series of outstanding perpetual preferred stock, our 5.25 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A. The rights of the preferred stockholders to receive dividends are senior to the rights of our common holders, although the preferred dividend rights are non-cumulative. Therefore, unless all dividends due on our outstanding preferred stock have been declared and paid for the most recent dividend period provided for under the terms of the preferred stock, we may not pay a dividend on our common stock or repurchase shares of our common stock during that period. 

-25-

Table of Contents 

We may incur impairment to goodwill. 
 
 We review our goodwill at least annually. Significant negative industry or economic trends, reduced estimates of future cash flows or disruptions to our business, could indicate that goodwill might be impaired. Our valuation methodology for assessing impairment requires management to make judgments and assumptions based on historical experience and to rely on projections of future operating performance. We operate in a competitive environment and projections of future operating results and cash flows may vary significantly from actual results. Additionally, if our analysis results in an impairment to our goodwill, we would be required to record a non-cash charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which such impairment is determined to exist. Any such charge could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 We have grown and may continue to grow through acquisitions. 
 
 Since January 1, 2019, we have acquired GHB, BoeFly and BNJ. To be successful as a larger institution, we must successfully integrate the operations and retain the clients of acquired institutions, attract and retain the management required to successfully manage larger operations, and control costs. 
 
 Future results of operations will depend in large part on our ability to successfully integrate the operations of the acquired institutions and retain the clients of those institutions. If we are unable to successfully manage the integration of the separate cultures, client bases and operating systems of the acquired institutions, and any other institutions that may be acquired in the future, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, to successfully manage substantial growth, we may need to increase noninterest expenses through additional personnel, leasehold and data processing costs, among others. In order to successfully manage growth, we may need to adopt and effectively implement policies, procedures and controls to maintain credit quality, control costs and oversee our operations. No assurance can be given that we will be successful in this strategy. 
 
 We may be challenged to successfully manage our business as a result of the strain on management and operations that may result from growth. The ability to manage growth will depend on our ability to continue to attract, hire and retain skilled employees. Success will also depend on the ability of officers and key employees to continue to implement and improve operational and other systems, to manage multiple, concurrent client relationships and to hire, train and manage employees. 
 
 Finally, substantial growth may stress regulatory capital levels, and may require us to raise additional capital. No assurance can be given that we will be able to raise any required capital, or that we will be able to raise capital on terms that are beneficial to stockholders. 

-26-

Table of Contents 

Attractive acquisition opportunities may not be available to us in the future. 
 
 We expect that other banking and financial service companies, many of which have significantly greater resources than us, will compete with us in acquiring other target companies if we pursue such acquisitions. This competition could increase prices for potential acquisitions that we believe are attractive. Also, acquisitions are subject to various regulatory approvals. If we fail to receive the appropriate regulatory approvals, we will not be able to consummate an acquisition that we believe is in our best interests. Among other things, our regulators will consider our capital, liquidity, profitability, regulatory compliance and levels of goodwill when considering acquisition and expansion proposals. Any acquisition could be dilutive to our earnings and shareholders equity per share of our common stock. 
 
 Hurricanes or other adverse weather or health related events could negatively affect our local economies or disrupt our operations, which would have an adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 
 
 Hurricanes and other weather events can disrupt our operations, result in damage to our properties and negatively affect the local economies in which we operate. In addition, these weather events may result in a decline in value or destruction of properties securing our loans and an increase in delinquencies, foreclosures and credit losses. Finally, health related events, such as a viral pandemic, could adversely affect the business of our clients and our local economies, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations. 
 
 The Company will be subject to heightened regulatory requirements when total assets exceed 10 billion. 
 
 The Company s total assets were 9.856 billion as of December 31, 2023. Banks with assets in excess of 10 billion are subject to requirements imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act and its implementing regulations, including: the examination authority of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to assess compliance with Federal consumer financial laws, imposition of higher FDIC premiums, and reduced debit card interchange fees, all of which increase operating costs and reduce earnings. 
 
 As the Company approaches 10 billion in total consolidated assets, additional costs have been incurred to prepare for the implementation of these imposed requirements. The Company may be required to invest more significant management attention and resources to evaluate and continue to make any changes necessary to comply with the new statutory and regulatory requirements under the Dodd-Frank Act. Further, Federal financial regulators may require accelerated actions and investments to prepare for compliance before 10 billion in total consolidated assets is exceeded, and may suspend or delay certain regulatory actions, such as approving a proposed merger, if preparations are deemed inadequate. Upon reaching this threshold, the Company faces the risk of failing to meet these requirements, which may negatively impact results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Applicable to the Banking Industry Generally: 
 
 Recent events impacting the financial services industry. 
 
 Recent events impacting the financial services industry, including the failures of Silicon Valley Bank, Signature Bank and First Republic Bank, have resulted in increased volatility and reduced valuations of equity and other securities of banks in the capital markets. In addition, the Federal Reserve, in order to combat inflation, has employed quantitative tightening in order to reduce the size of its balance sheet, resulting in increased competition and costs for bank deposits and an increased risk of an economic recession. These recent events have, and could continue to, increase competition for deposits and adversely impact the market price and volatility of the Company s common stock. 
 
 These recent events may also result in potentially adverse changes to laws or regulations governing banks and bank holding companies or result in the impositions of restrictions through supervisory or enforcement activities, including higher capital requirements, which could have a material impact on our business. We may be impacted by concerns regarding the soundness or creditworthiness of other financial institutions, which can cause substantial disruption within the financial markets and increased expenses. The cost of resolving the recent bank failures has caused the FDIC to issue additional special assessments and could cause the FDIC to increase premiums or issue additional special assessments in the future. 

-27-

Table of Contents 

Our allowance for credit losses may not be adequate to cover actual losses. 
 
 Like all financial institutions, we maintain an allowance for credit losses and to provide for loan defaults and nonperformance. The process for determining the amount of the allowance is critical to our financial results and condition. It requires difficult, subjective and complex judgments about the future, as well as the impact of national and regional economic conditions on the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans. If our judgment proves to be incorrect, our allowance may not be sufficient to cover losses in our loan portfolio. Further, state and federal regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, review our loans and allowance and may require an increase in our allowance for credit losses. Further increases to the allowance could adversely affect our earnings. 
 
 Changes in interest rates, as well as other actions the Federal Reserve may take may adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. 
 
 Our net income depends primarily upon our net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on loans, investments and other interest-earning assets and the interest expense incurred on deposits and borrowed funds. The level of net interest income is primarily a function of the average balance of our interest-earning assets, the average balance of our interest-bearing liabilities, and the spread between the yield on such assets and the cost of such liabilities. These factors are influenced by both the pricing and mix of our interest-earning assets and our interest-bearing liabilities which, in turn, are impacted by such external factors as the local economy, competition for loans and deposits, the monetary policy of the Federal Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors (the FOMC ), and market interest rates. 
 
 A sustained increase in market interest rates, such as has been in effect since the first half of 2023, could adversely affect our earnings if our cost of funds increases more rapidly than our yield on our earning assets and compresses our net interest margin. In addition, the economic value of portfolio equity would decline as interest rates increase. 
 
 Different types of assets and liabilities may react differently, and at different times, to changes in market interest rates. We expect that we will periodically experience gaps in the interest rate sensitivities of our assets and liabilities. That means either our interest-bearing liabilities will be more sensitive to changes in market interest rates than our interest-earning assets, or vice versa. When interest-bearing liabilities mature or re-price more quickly than interest-earning assets, an increase in market rates of interest could reduce our net interest income. Likewise, when interest-earning assets mature or re-price more quickly than interest-bearing liabilities, falling interest rates could reduce our net interest income. We are unable to predict changes in market interest rates, which are affected by many factors beyond our control, including inflation, deflation, recession, unemployment, money supply, domestic and international events and changes in the United States and other financial markets. 
 
 We also attempt to manage risk from changes in market interest rates, in part, by controlling the mix of interest rate sensitive assets and interest rate sensitive liabilities. However, interest rate risk management techniques are not exact. A rapid increase or decrease in interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance. 
 
 In addition to increases in interest rates, the FOMC has also changed its stance on monetary policy as an additional effort to reduce inflation. Beginning in the second half of 2022, the FOMC began reducing its balance sheet, implementing a program of quantitative tightening to reduce the overall money supply. As a result, we may face greater competition for deposits, resulting in a higher cost of funds and a reduced net interest margin, as well as greater liquidity risk to continue to fund our loan originations. We are unable to predict the duration and ultimate impact of the FOMC s quantitative tightening program. However, if the program significantly tightens the nation s money supply, it may adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance. 

-28-

Table of Contents 

The banking business is subject to significant government regulations. 
 
 We are subject to extensive governmental supervision, regulation and control. These laws and regulations are subject to change and may require substantial modifications to our operations or may cause us to incur substantial additional compliance costs. In addition, future legislation and government policy could adversely affect the commercial banking industry and our operations. Such governing laws can be anticipated to continue to be the subject of future modification. Our management cannot predict what effect any such future modifications will have on our operations. In addition, the primary focus of Federal and state banking regulation is the protection of depositors and not the shareholders of the regulated institutions. 
 
 For example, implementation of all required regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act may result in substantial new compliance costs. The Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law on July 21, 2010. Generally, the Dodd-Frank Act is effective the day after it was signed into law, but different effective dates apply to specific sections of the law, many of which will not become effective until various Federal regulatory agencies have promulgated rules implementing the statutory provisions. Ultimately, final implementation the Dodd-Frank Act could have a material adverse impact either on the financial services industry as a whole, or on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 These provisions, as well as any other aspects of current or proposed regulatory or legislative changes to laws applicable to the financial industry, may impact the profitability of our business activities and may change certain of our business practices, including the ability to offer new products, obtain financing, attract deposits, make loans, and achieve satisfactory interest spreads, and could expose us to additional costs, including increased compliance costs. These changes also may require us to invest significant management attention and resources to make any necessary changes to operations in order to comply and could therefore also materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The ultimate effect of certain of these changes on the financial services industry in general, and us in particular, is uncertain at this time. 

-29-

Table of Contents 

The laws that regulate our operations are designed for the protection of depositors and the public, not our shareholders. 
 
 The federal and state laws and regulations applicable to our operations give regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement responsibilities, and generally have been promulgated to protect depositors and the Deposit Insurance Fund and not for the purpose of protecting shareholders. These laws and regulations can materially affect our future business. Laws and regulations now affecting us may be changed at any time, and the interpretation of such laws and regulations by bank regulatory authorities is also subject to change. 
 
 We can give no assurance that future changes in laws and regulations or changes in their interpretation will not adversely affect our business. Legislative and regulatory changes may increase our cost of doing business or otherwise adversely affect us and create competitive advantages for non-bank competitors. 
 
 We cannot predict how changes in technology will impact our business; increased use of technology may expose us to service interruptions or breaches in security. 
 
 The financial services market, including banking services, is increasingly affected by advances in technology, including developments in: 

Telecommunications; 

Data processing; 

Automation; 

Internet-based banking, including personal computers, mobile phones and tablets; 

Debit cards and so-called smart cards 

Remote deposit capture; 

Artificial Intelligence; 

Cryptocurrency; and 

Use of Blockchain. 

Our ability to compete successfully in the future will depend, to a certain extent, on whether we can anticipate and respond to technological changes. We offer electronic banking services for our consumer and business clients via our website, www.cnob.com, including Internet banking and electronic bill payment, as well as mobile banking by phone. We also offer check cards, ATM cards, credit cards, and automatic and ACH transfers. The successful operation and further development of these and other new technologies will likely require additional capital investments in the future. In addition, increased use of electronic banking creates opportunities for interruptions in service or security breaches, which could expose us to claims by clients or other third parties and damage our reputation. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient resources or access to the necessary proprietary technology to remain competitive in the future, or that we will be able to maintain a secure electronic environment. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

-30-

Table of Contents 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 
 Cybersecurity Risk Management, Strategy and Governance 
 
 Cybersecurity is a material part of ConnectOne s business. As a financial institution offering products through multiple digital delivery channels, cybersecurity incidents could have a material effect on the Company, its results of operations and its reputation, although to date the Company has not experienced any cybersecurity incident which has had a material effect on the Company s business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. See Item 1A- Risk Factors - We cannot predict how changes in technology will impact our business; increased use of technology may expose us to service interruptions or breaches in security. 
 
 Cybersecurity risk is initially overseen at ConnectOne by the management IT Committee (the ITC ). The members of this committee include, as co-chairs, the Chief Compliance Officer and the Chief Technology Officer. Additional members are our Information Security Officer, Information Technology IT Manager, Chief Risk Officer, Chairman Chief Executive Officer, Chief Strategic Operations Officer, Chief Digital Officer and Chief Brand and Innovation Officer. 

Tarak Patel, Information Security Officer - Mr. Patel has facilitated the management of information security programs at financial institutions for over 17 years. 

Sharif Alexandre, Chief Technology Officer - Mr. Alexandre has over 20 years industry experience including managing Information Technology and Software Development teams at organizations ranging from technology startups to Fortune 500 companies. He recently oversaw IT operations and currently leads the Software Development and Data Management teams at the Bank. 

Laura Criscione, Chief Compliance Officer - Ms. Criscione oversees the company s Compliance and Information Security. Ms. Criscione has overseen Compliance and IT Operations throughout her more than 30-year career in financial institutions. 

Dale Dwaileebe, IT Manager - Mr. Dwaileebe has over 20 years of IT experience, is a current member of Infragard, and holds multiple industry recognized certifications. 

Michael O Malley, Chief Risk Officer Mr. O Malley oversees entity-wide risk management, including cybersecurity related risk. 

Dana Zeller, Chief Strategic Operations Officer Ms. Zeller s career has been primarily in bank operations, in which she has participated in end-to-end implementations and upgrades of core banking technology, from selecting a vendor to managing implementations, to leading enhancement and efficiency initiatives throughout the life of the application. 

Ali Matera, Chief Digital Officer Ms. Matera is a technology subject matter expert with over 13 years of IT leadership and over 18 years of financial service experience. In her career she has been responsible for technology/digital strategy, enterprise program management, data analytics and IT service management at other financial institutions. 

In addition to the members above, Frank Sorrentino III, Chairman Chief Executive Officer and Siya Vansia, Chief Brand Innovation Officer are also members of the ITC due to their roles in overseeing entity-wide management. 

-31-

Table of Contents 

In order to ensure that cybersecurity risk management is integrated into the Company s overall risk management plans, systems and processes, members of the ITC, along with other lines of business heads, report to the management Enterprise Risk Management Committee (the ERMC ), which in turn reports to the Board Audit and Risk Committee quarterly. The ERMC consists of the Company s Chief Risk Officer, Chairman CEO, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Chief Strategic Operations Officer and Chief Credit Officer. In addition, the Company s Chief Technology Officer attends Company Board of Directors meetings and provides an information technology ("IT") report at each meeting. 
 
 The Company s cybersecurity risk mitigation program involves a combination of internal resources and the use of third parties. The Company s internal IT team performs monthly vulnerability scanning and performs an annual risk assessment based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework. The results are reported to the ITC. The Company s IT and compliance staff also review potential cybersecurity threats associated with the Company s third-party vendors, including performing a review of and obtaining a System of Organization Controls report from all vendors rated as high risk by the Company s internal vendor management program. The Company also has an internal Incident Response Plan and Team, which is charged with overseeing the Company s response to any cybersecurity incident. The team performs a table-top exercise at least annually to prepare to respond in the event of any actual cybersecurity incident. 
 
 In addition to these internal resources, the Company uses a third-party vendor to undertake annual penetration and vulnerability testing, with the results reported to the ITC. Finally, the Company s cybersecurity compliance program is audited by the Bank s outsourced internal auditor. 
 
 The Company also maintains insurance which may provide coverage for expenses and certain losses incurred in connection with a cybersecurity incident. 

-32-

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 The Bank operates six banking offices in Bergen County, NJ, in Fort Lee, Englewood Cliffs, Hackensack, Cresskill, Ridgewood and Saddle River; four banking offices in Union County, NJ, consisting of two offices in Union Township, and one office each in Springfield Township, and Summit; one banking office in Morristown in Morris County, NJ; one office in Newark in Essex County, NJ; one office in West New York in Hudson County, NJ; one office in Holmdel in Monmouth County, NJ; one banking office in the borough of Manhattan in New York City, one office in Melville, Nassau County and one financial center in East Hampton, Suffolk County in Long Island, one in Astoria, Queens and five branches in the Hudson Valley, including in White Plains and Tarrytown, in Westchester County, NY, Bardonia and Blauvelt, in Rockland County, NY and in Middletown, in Orange County, NY, and one financial center in West Palm Beach in Palm Beach County, FL. The Bank s principal office is located at 301 Sylvan Avenue, Englewood Cliffs, NJ. The principal office is a three-story leased building constructed in 2008. 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding the Bank s leased operating locations. 

Banking Office Location 
 
 Term 

301 Sylvan Avenue, Englewood Cliffs, NJ 
 
 Term expires November 2028 

1 Union Ave, Cresskill, NJ 
 
 Term expires January 2038 

142 John Street, Hackensack, NJ 
 
 Term expires December 2026 

171 East Ridgewood Avenue, Ridgewood, NJ 
 
 Term expires April 2029 

71 East Allendale Road, Saddle River, NJ 
 
 Term expires May 2032 

356 Chestnut Street, Union, NJ 
 
 Term expires May 2027 

545 Morris Avenue, Summit, NJ 
 
 Term expires January 2034 

217 Chestnut Street, Newark, NJ 
 
 Term expires December 2024 

5914 Park Avenue, West New York, NJ 
 
 Term expires September 2028 

963 Holmdel Road, Holmdel, NJ 
 
 Term expires September 2026 

551 Madison Avenue, Suite 201, NY, NY 
 
 Term expires May 2032 

551 Madison Avenue, Suite 202, NY, NY 
 
 Term expires October 2028 

48 South Service Rd, 2nd Fl, Melville, NY 
 
 Term expires June 2025 

36-19 Broadway, Astoria, NY 
 
 Term expires August 2028 

485 Schutt Rd, Middletown, NY 
 
 Term expires October 2025 

715 Route 304, Bardonia NY 
 
 Term expires August 2028 

567 North Broadway, White Plains NY 
 
 Term expires September 2028 

155 White Plains Rd., Tarrytown NY 
 
 Term expires December 2026 

170 East Erie St, Blauvelt NY 
 
 Term expires February 2028 

625 N Flagler Dr Ste 1002, West Palm Beach, FL 
 
 Term expires June 2027 

78B Park Place, East Hampton, NY 
 
 Term expires January 2029 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 There are no significant pending legal proceedings involving the Company other than those arising out of routine operations. None of these matters would have a material adverse effect on the Company or its results of operations if decided adversely to the Company. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

-33-

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Security Market Information 
 
 The common stock of the Company is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol CNOB . As of December 31, 2023, the Company had 697 stockholders of record, excluding beneficial owners for whom Cede Company or others act as nominees. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 Historically, repurchases have been made from time to time as, in the opinion of management, market conditions warranted, in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. 
 
 In September 2021, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 2,000,000 shares. The Company may repurchase shares from time to time in the open market, in privately negotiated share purchases or pursuant to any trading plan that may be adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities and Exchange Commission and applicable federal securities laws. The share repurchase plan does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and it may be modified or suspended at any time at the Company's discretion. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company repurchased a total of 904,152 shares. As of December 31, 2023, shares remaining for repurchase under the program were 933,488. 
 
 The following table details share repurchases for the year 2023: 

Cumulative Total 

Number of Shares 

Maximum Number 

Purchased 

of Shares 

as Part of Publicly 

that May Yet 

Total Number 

Announced 

Be Purchased 

Shares 

of Shares 

Average Price 

Plans or 

Under the Plans 

Authorized 

Purchased 

Paid per Share 

Programs 

or Programs 

1,827,640 

First quarter 2023 

- 

205,163 

22.52 

215,163 

1,622,477 

Second quarter 2023 

- 

270,000 

15.29 

485,163 

1,352,477 

Third quarter 2023 

- 

316,789 

19.45 

801,952 

1,035,688 

Fourth quarter 2023 

- 

102,200 

21.17 

904,152 

933,488 

Dividends 
 
 Federal laws and regulations contain restrictions on the ability of the Parent Corporation and the Bank to pay dividends. For information regarding restrictions on dividends, see Part I, Item 1, Business and Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , Note 18 and Note 21 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Stockholders Return Comparison 
 
 Set forth on the following page is a line graph presentation comparing the cumulative stockholder return on the Parent Corporation s common stock, on a dividend reinvested basis, against the cumulative total returns of the NASDAQ Composite and the KBW Bank Index for the period from December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2023. 

-34-

Table of Contents 

COMPARATIVE SIX-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN AMONG CONNECTONE BANCORP INC. NASDAQ AND KBW BANK INDEX 

Assumes 100 Invested on December 31, 2018, with Dividends Reinvested Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 
 COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN OF ONE OR MORE COMPANIES, PEER GROUPS, INDUSTRY INDEXES AND/OR BROAD MARKETS 

Fiscal Year Ending 

Company/Index/Market 
 
 12/31/2018 

12/31/2019 

12/31/2020 

12/31/2021 

12/31/2022 

12/31/2023 

ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. 

100.00 

141.36 

100.11 

186.70 

147.11 

138.50 

NASDAQ 

100.00 

123.87 

113.11 

154.57 

143.87 

143.31 

KBW Bank Index 

100.00 

136.73 

198.33 

242.38 

163.58 

236.70 

-35-

Table of Contents 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

-36-

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The purpose of this analysis is to provide the reader with information relevant to understanding and assessing the Company s results of operations for each of the past three years and financial condition for each of the past two years. In order to fully appreciate this analysis, the reader is encouraged to review the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto appearing under Item 8 of this report, and statistical data presented in this document. 
 
 Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 See Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding forward-looking statements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. The Company considers the allowance for credit losses and related provision to be critical to our financial results. For information on our significant accounting policies, see Note 1a in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses and Related Provision 
 
 The allowance for credit losses is an estimate of current expected credit losses considering available information relevant to assessing collectability of cash flows over the contractual term of the financial assets necessary to cover lifetime expected credit losses inherent in financial assets at the balance sheet date. The methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses is considered a critical accounting policy by management because of the high degree of judgment involved, the subjectivity of the assumptions used, and the potential for changes in the forecasted economic environment that could result in changes to the amount of the recorded allowance for credit losses. The loan portfolio also represents the largest asset type on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Condition. 
 Management believes the following information may enable investors to better understand the changes in our allowance for credit losses for loans. The Company s allowance for credit losses ("ACL") for loans totaled 82.0 million and 90.5 million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The 8.5 million decrease in the allowance for credit losses for loans was primarily driven by net charge-offs of 17.0 million, partially offset by 8.4 million in provision for credit losses. 
 
 The quantitative component of our ACL for loans on collectively evaluated loans, which is largely based on a selection of various economic forecasts, increased by 3.4 million as of December 31, 2023 when compared to December 31, 2022. This increase was primarily attributable to organic growth of 0.3 billion in collectively evaluated loans. The qualitative component of our ACL for loans, which is largely based on management s judgment of qualitative loss factors, was relatively unchanged, on an absolute basis, over the same period-of-time, as qualitative factor trends slightly improved over 2023, or largely remained unchanged. 
 
 The Company s allowance for credit losses for collectively evaluated loans totaled 80.6 million as of December 31, 2023, which included 71.6 million of allowance related to commercial and commercial real estate loans. Of the 71.6 million allowance related to commercial and commercial real estate loans, 24.1 million was attributable to qualitative loss factors. Changes in managements judgement of qualitative loss factors could result in a significant change to the allowance for credit losses for loans. As described in Note 1a to our financial statements filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, qualitative loss factors are applied to each portfolio segment with the amounts judgmentally determined by the relative risk to the most severe loss periods identified in the historical loan charge-offs of a peer group of similar-sized regional banks. As of December 31, 2023, on a weighted average basis the most severe historical loss rate for our commercial and commercial real estate loans were 2.33 and 1.88 , respectively. 

-37-

Table of Contents 

The Company s quantitative component of allowance for credit losses for collectively evaluated loans is calculated with an economic forecast sourced from Moody s. Management performed a hypothetical sensitivity analysis to understand the impact of changes in the economic forecast as a key input on our allowance for credit losses for collectively evaluated loans. Within the various economic scenarios considered for this hypothetical sensitivity analysis, as of December 31, 2023, the quantitative estimate of the allowance for credit loss for collectively evaluated loans would increase by approximately 39.4 million under sole consideration of an adverse Moody s economic forecast. The hypothetical sensitivity calculation reflects the sensitivity of the modeled allowance estimate to macroeconomic forecast data but lacks other qualitative overlays and other qualitative adjustments that are part of the quarterly reserving process. As such, this does not necessarily reflect the nature and extent of future changes in the allowance for reasons including increases or decreases in qualitative adjustments, changes in the risk profile and size of the portfolio, changes in the severity of the macroeconomic scenario and the range of scenarios under management consideration. 
 
 Our allowance for credit losses for individually analyzed loans is determined on an individual basis using the present value of expected cash flows discounted using the loan s effective interest rate or, for collateral-dependent loans, the fair value of the collateral, less estimated selling costs, as applicable. As of December 31, 2023, the Company s allowance for credit losses on individually analyzed loans decreased 9.4 million from December 31, 2022. This decrease was primarily due to reductions in individually analyzed loans, increases in charge-offs, and increases in the fair value of collateral for collateral-dependent loans, partially offset by increases to the allowance on existing individually analyzed loans. 
 
 Overview and Strategy 
 
 We serve as a holding company for the Bank, which is our primary asset and only operating subsidiary. We follow a business plan that emphasizes the delivery of customized banking services in our market area to clients who desire a high level of personalized service and responsiveness. The Bank conducts a traditional banking business, making commercial loans, consumer loans and residential and commercial real estate loans. In addition, the Bank offers various non-deposit products through non-proprietary relationships with third party vendors. The Bank relies upon deposits as the primary funding source for its assets. The Bank offers traditional deposit products. 
 
 Many of our clients relationships start with referrals from existing clients. We then seek to cross sell our products to clients to grow the client relationship. For example, we will frequently offer an interest rate concession on credit products for clients that maintain a noninterest-bearing deposit account at the Bank. This strategy has helped maintain our funding costs and the growth of our interest expense even as we have substantially increased our total deposits. It has also helped fuel our significant loan growth. We believe that the Bank s continued growth and profitability demonstrate the need for and success of our brand of banking. 
 
 Our results of operations depend primarily on our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest paid on funds borrowed to support those assets, primarily deposits. Net interest margin is the difference between the weighted average rate received on interest-earning assets and the weighted average rate paid to fund those interest-earning assets, which is also affected by the average level of interest-earning assets as compared with that of interest-bearing liabilities. Net income is also affected by the amount of noninterest income and noninterest expenses. 
 
 General 
 
 The following discussion and analysis present the more significant factors affecting the Company s financial condition as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 and results of operations for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023. The MD A should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements, notes to consolidated financial statements and other information contained in this report. 

-38-

Table of Contents 

Operating Results Overview 
 
 Net income available to common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 81.0 million, a decrease of 38.2 million, or 32.1 , compared to net income of 119.2 million for 2022. Diluted earnings per share were 2.07 for 2023, a 31.2 decrease from 3.01 for 2022. 
 
 The change in net income from 2022 to 2023 was attributable to the following: 

Decrease in net interest income of 47.0 million. The decrease was primarily due to an 87 basis-point contraction in the net interest margin to 2.82 from 3.69 , partially offset by a 0.9 billion, or 11.0 , increase in average interest-earning assets. 

Increase in noninterest expenses of 17.6 million, primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits of 7.0 million attributable to increased staff in both the revenue and back-office areas of the Bank, base salary increases and incentive compensation accruals. Additionally, there were increases in FDIC insurance of 5.5 million, which included a 2.1 million FDIC special assessment recognized in 2023. Excluding the 2.1 million special assessment, the increase in FDIC insurance from the prior year of 3.4 million was attributable to balance sheet growth and a two-basis point increase in the Bank s initial base rate. Finally, there were increases in information technology and communications of 3.2 million, other expenses of 2.3 million, occupancy and equipment of 1.0 million and marketing and advertising of 0.3 million, partially offset by decreases in professional and consulting of 0.5 million, BoeFly acquisition of 0.5 million and amortization of core deposit intangibles of 0.2 million. The increase in information technology and communications was primarily attributable to additional investments in technology, equipment and software. 

Decrease in provision for credit losses of 9.6 million. The decrease was primarily due to changes in forecasted macroeconomic conditions. 

Increase in noninterest income of 0.7 million, primarily due to decreases in net losses on equity securities of 1.4 million and income on bank owned life insurance of 0.7 million, partially offset by decreases in deposit, loan and other income of 1.4 million. 

Decrease in income tax expense of 16.1 million resulting primarily from lower taxable income. 

Net income available to common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 119.2 million, a decrease of 9.5 million, or 7.4 , compared to net income of 128.6 million for 2021. Diluted earnings per share were 3.01 for 2022, a 6.5 decrease from 3.22 for 2021. 
 
 The change in net income from 2021 to 2022 was primarily attributable to the following: 

Increase in net interest income of 39.2 million. The increase in net interest income was due to an increase in average interest-earning assets, which grew by 14.3 to 8.3 billion and a widening of 3 basis-points in the net interest margin. 

Increase in provision for credit losses of 23.3 million. The increase was primarily due to organic loan growth, as well as changes in forecasted macroeconomic conditions

Increase in noninterest expenses of 17.4 million, primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits of 16.9 million attributable to increased staff in both the revenue and back-office areas of the Bank, base salary increases and incentive compensation accruals. Additionally, there were increases in acquisition expenses related to BoeFly of 1.5 million, other expenses of 1.1 million, marketing and advertising of 0.4 million, and FDIC insurance of 0.2 million, partially offset by decreases in occupancy and equipment of 1.8 million, amortization of core deposit intangibles of 0.3 million, professional and consulting of 0.2 million and information technology and communication of 0.2 million. 

Decrease in noninterest income of 2.4 million, primarily due to decreases in net gains on loans-held-for-sale of 2.1 million, gains on sales of branches of 0.7 million in 2021, decreases in net gains on sale/redemption of investment securities of 0.2 million and an increase in net losses on equity securities of 1.1 million, partially offset by increases in deposit, loan and other income of 0.9 million and income on bank owned life insurance of 0.8 million. 

Increase in income tax expense of 1.3 million resulting primarily from higher state tax rates and a slightly higher percentage of income being derived from taxable sources. 

Increase in preferred dividends of 4.3 million. 

-39-

Table of Contents 

Net Interest Income 
 
 Fully taxable equivalent net interest income for 2023 totaled 258.3 million, a decrease of 46.3 million, or 15.2 , from 2022. The decrease in net interest income was due to an 87 basis-point contraction in the net interest margin to 2.82 from 3.69 , partially offset by a 0.9 billion, or 11.0 , increase in average interest-earning assets. The net interest margin contraction was due to a 199-basis point increase in the average cost of deposits, including noninterest-bearing demand, to 2.74 , and was partially offset by a 77 basis-point increase in the loan portfolio yield to 5.57 . Average total loans, which includes loans held-for-sale, increased by 10.8 to 8.2 billion in 2023 from 7.4 billion in 2022. The increase in average total loans is attributable to higher loan originations. 
 
 Fully taxable equivalent net interest income for 2022 totaled 304.6 million, an increase of 39.9 million, or 15.1 , from 2022. The increase in net interest income was due to an increase in average interest-earning assets, which grew by 14.3 to 8.3 billion and a widening of 3 basis-points in the net interest margin. The widening of the net interest margin was mainly attributable to higher yields on loans and securities and lower average cash balances, offset by a higher cost of funds. Average total loans, which includes loans held-for-sale, increased by 15.0 to 7.4 billion in 2022 from 6.4 billion in 2021. The increase in average total loans is primarily attributable to higher loan originations. 

-40-

Table of Contents 

Average Balance Sheets 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information relating to our average assets and liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 and reflects the average yield on assets and average cost of liabilities for the periods indicated. Such yields are derived by dividing income or expense by the average balance of assets or liabilities, respectively, for the periods shown. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2023 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 

Average 
 
 Income/ 
 
 Yield/ 
 
 Average 
 
 Income/ 
 
 Yield/ 
 
 Average 
 
 Income/ 
 
 Yield/ 

(Tax-Equivalent Basis) 
 Balance 
 
 Expense 
 
 Rate 
 
 Balance 
 
 Expense 
 
 Rate 
 
 Balance 
 
 Expense 
 
 Rate 

(dollars in thousands) 

ASSETS 

Interest-earning assets: 

Investment securities (1) (2) 
 
 726,487 

22,541 

3.10 

660,760 

17,640 

2.67 

464,342 

7,455 

1.61 

Loans receivable and loans held-for-sale (2) (3) (4) 
 
 8,179,853 

455,940 

5.57 

7,380,584 

354,450 

4.80 

6,419,610 

294,686 

4.59 

Federal funds sold and interest-earning deposits with banks 
 
 220,143 

11,104 

5.04 

186,205 

2,493 

1.34 

322,692 

405 

0.13 

Restricted investment in bank stocks 
 
 44,389 

3,662 

8.25 

36,744 

1,655 

4.50 

20,797 

971 

4.67 

Total interest-earning assets 
 
 9,170,872 

493,247 

5.38 

8,264,293 

376,238 

4.55 

7,227,441 

303,517 

4.20 

Noninterest-earning assets: 

Allowance for credit losses 
 
 (89,119) 

(84,209) 

(79,863) 

Noninterest-earning assets 
 
 613,642 

602,657 

587,650 

Total assets 
 
 9,695,395 

8,782,741 

7,735,228 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Time deposits 
 
 2,529,892 

92,969 

3.67 

1,449,826 

21,331 

1.47 

1,300,270 

14,813 

1.14 

Other interest-bearing deposits 
 
 3,667,096 

113,207 

3.09 

3,702,773 

29,230 

0.79 

3,451,765 

9,955 

0.29 

Total interest-bearing deposits 
 
 6,196,988 

206,176 

3.33 

5,152,599 

50,561 

0.98 

4,752,035 

24,768 

0.52 

Borrowings 
 
 792,239 

22,453 

2.83 

661,729 

12,188 

1.84 

318,700 

5,300 

1.66 

Subordinated debentures 
 
 85,249 

6,234 

7.31 

153,092 

8,759 

5.72 

153,199 

8,669 

5.66 

Finance obligation 
 
 1,630 

96 

5.89 

1,838 

119 

6.47 

2,041 

123 

6.03 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 
 7,076,106 

234,959 

3.32 

5,969,258 

71,627 

1.20 

5,225,975 

38,860 

0.74 

Noninterest-bearing deposits 
 
 1,332,809 

1,612,040 

1,454,148 

Other liabilities 
 
 89,122 

51,048 

48,082 

Stockholders equity 
 
 1,197,358 

1,150,395 

1,007,023 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 9,695,395 

8,782,741 

7,735,228 

Net interest income/interest rate spread (5) 

258,288 

2.06 

304,611 

3.35 

264,657 

3.46 

Tax-equivalent adjustment 

(3,182) 

(2,492) 

(1,779) 

Net interest income as reported 

255,106 

302,119 

262,878 

Net interest margin (6) 

2.82 

3.69 

3.66 

(1) 
 Average balances are based on amortized cost. 

(2) 
 Interest income is presented on a tax equivalent basis using 21 federal tax rate. 

(3) 
 Includes loan fee income and accretion of purchase accounting adjustments. 

(4) 
 Loans include nonaccrual loans. 

(5) 
 Represents difference between the average yield on interest-earning assets and the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities and is presented on a tax equivalent basis. 

(6) 
 Represents net interest income on a tax equivalent basis divided by average total interest-earning assets. 

-41-

Table of Contents 

Rate/Volume Analysis 
 
 The following table presents, by category, the major factors that contributed to the changes in net interest income. Changes due to both volume and rate have been allocated in proportion to the relationship of the dollar amount change in each. 

2023/2022 

2022/2021 

Increase (Decrease) 

Increase (Decrease) 

Due to Change in: 

Due to Change in: 

Average 

Average 

Net 

Average 

Average 

Net 

Volume 

Rate 

Change 

Volume 

Rate 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 

Interest income: 

Investment securities: 

2,039 

2,862 

4,901 

5,244 

4,941 

10,185 

Loans receivable and loans held-for-sale 

44,551 

56,939 

101,490 

46,150 

13,614 

59,764 

Federal funds sold and interest-earnings deposits with banks 

1,712 

6,899 

8,611 

(1,827) 

3,915 

2,088 

Restricted investment in bank stocks 

631 

1,376 

2,007 

718 

(34) 

684 

Total interest income: 

48,933 

68,076 

117,009 

50,285 

22,436 

72,721 

Interest expense: 

Savings, NOW, money market, interest checking 

(1,101) 

85,078 

83,977 

1,981 

17,294 

19,275 

Time deposits 

39,690 

31,949 

71,639 

2,200 

4,317 

6,517 

Borrowings and subordinated debentures 

(1,262) 

9,001 

7,739 

6,312 

667 

6,979 

Finance obligation 

(12) 

(11) 

(23) 

(13) 

9 

(4) 

Total interest expense: 

37,315 

126,017 

163,332 

10,480 

22,287 

32,767 

Net interest income: 

11,618 

(57,941) 

(46,323) 

39,805 

149 

39,954 

Provision for (Reversal of) Credit Losses 
 
 In determining the provision for credit losses, management considers national and local economic trends and conditions; trends in the portfolio including orientation to specific loan types or industries; experience, ability and depth of lending management in relation to the complexity of the portfolio; effects of changes in lending policies, trends in volume and terms of loans; levels and trends in delinquencies, individually analyzed loans and net charge-offs and the results of independent third party loan reviews. 
 
 The Bank adopted CECL beginning on January 1, 2021. Provision expense may therefore become more volatile due to changes in CECL model assumptions of credit quality, macroeconomic factors and conditions, and loan composition, which drive the allowance for credit losses balance. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, the provision for credit losses was 8.2 million, a decrease of 9.6 million, compared to the provision for credit losses of 17.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in provision for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2023 reflected changes in forecasted macroeconomic conditions, partially offset by organic loan growth. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the provision for (reversal of) credit losses were 17.8 million, an increase of 23.3 million, compared to the provision for (reversal of) credit losses of 5.5) million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in provision for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflected strong organic loan growth and changes in forecasted macroeconomic conditions. 

-42-

Table of Contents 

Noninterest Income 
 
 Noninterest income for the full-year 2023 increased by 0.7 million, or 5.7 , to 14.0 million from 13.2 million in 2022. The increase was primarily due to decreases in net losses on equity securities of 1.4 million and increases in income on bank owned life insurance of 0.7 million, partially offset by decreases in deposit, loan and other income of 1.4 million. 
 
 Noninterest income for the full-year 2022 decreased by 2.4 million, or 15.6 , to 13.2 million from 15.7 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to decreases in net gains on loans held for sale of 2.1 million, gains on sale of branches of 0.7 million, net gains on sale/redemption of investment securities of 0.2 million and an increase in net losses on equity securities of 1.1 million, partially offset by increases in deposit, loan and other income of 0.9 million and income on bank owned life insurance of 0.8 million. 
 
 Noninterest Expense 
 
 Noninterest expenses for the full-year 2023 increased by 17.6 million, primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits of 7.0 million attributable to increased staff in both the revenue and back-office areas of the Bank, base salary increases and incentive compensation accruals. Additionally, there were increases in FDIC insurance of 5.5 million, which included a 2.1 million FDIC special assessment recognized in 2023. Excluding the 2.1 million special assessment, the increase in FDIC insurance from the prior year of 3.4 million was attributable to balance sheet growth and a two-basis point increase in the Bank s initial base rate. Finally, there were increases in information technology and communications of 3.2 million, other expenses of 2.3 million, occupancy and equipment of 1.0 million and marketing and advertising of 0.3 million, partially offset by decreases in professional and consulting of 0.5 million, BoeFly acquisition of 0.5 million and amortization of core deposit intangibles of 0.2 million. The increase in information technology and communications was primarily attributable to additional investments in technology, equipment and software. 
 
 Noninterest expenses for the full-year 2022 increased by 17.4 million, or 15.9 , to 126.4 million from 109.0 million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits of 16.9 million, change in value of acquisition price of 1.5 million , other expenses of 1.1 million, marketing and advertising of 0.4 million and FDIC insurance of 0.2 million, partially offset by decreases in occupancy and equipment of 1.8 million, amortization of core deposit intangible of 0.3 million, information technology and communication of 0.2 million, professional and consulting of 0.2 million and other components of net periodic pension income of 0.3 million. The increase in salaries and employee benefits was attributable to increased staff in both revenue and back-office areas of the Bank, base salary increases, and incentive compensation accruals. 

-43-

Table of Contents 

Income Taxes 
 
 Income tax expense was 30.0 million for 2023 compared to 46.0 million for 2022 and 44.7 million for 2021. The decrease in income tax expense in 2023 when compared to 2022 was primarily the result of lower taxable income. The increase in income tax expense in 2022 when compared to 2021 was also primarily the result of higher taxable income. The effective tax rates were 25.6 in 2023, 26.9 in 2022 and 25.5 for 2021. The lower effective tax rate during 2023 when compared to 2022, was the result of a lower percentage of income being derived from taxable sources. The higher effective tax rate during 2022 when compared to 2021 was the result of a higher percentage of income being derived from taxable sources. 
 
 For a more detailed description of income taxes see Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Financial Condition Overview 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company s total assets were 9.856 billion, an increase of 0.2 billion from December 31, 2022. Total loans (including loans held-for-sale) were 8.3 billion, an increase of 0.2 billion from December 31, 2022. Deposits were 7.5 billion, an increase of 0.2 billion from December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s total assets were 9.645 billion, an increase of 1.5 billion from December 31, 2021. Total loans (including loans held-for-sale) were 8.1 billion, an increase of 1.3 billion from December 31, 2021. Deposits were 7.4 billion, an increase of 1.0 billion from December 31, 2021. 
 
 Loan Portfolio 
 
 The Bank s lending activities are generally oriented to small-to-medium sized businesses, high net worth individuals, professional practices and consumer and retail clients living and working in the Bank s metropolitan, New York market area, consisting of Bergen, Union, Morris, Essex, Hudson, Mercer and Monmouth counties, New Jersey, as well as NYC s five boroughs, Nassau, Rockland, Orange and Westchester counties, in New York and businesses and individuals living and working in the communities served by the Bank's West Palm Beach, Florida office. The Bank has not made loans to borrowers outside of the United States. The Bank believes that its strategy of high-quality client service, competitive rate structures and selective marketing have enabled it to gain market share. 

-44-

Table of Contents 

Commercial loans are loans made for business purposes and are primarily secured by collateral such as business assets including accounts receivable, inventory and equipment. These facilities can also be secured by cash balances with the Bank, marketable securities held by or under the control of the Bank, and commercial and residential real estate. Commercial construction loans are loans to finance the construction of commercial or residential properties secured by first liens on such properties. Commercial real estate loans include loans secured by first liens on completed commercial properties, including multifamily properties, to purchase or refinance such properties, as well as land loans. Residential mortgages include loans secured by first liens on residential real estate and are generally made to existing clients of the Bank to purchase or refinance primary and secondary residences. Home equity loans and lines of credit include loans secured by first or second liens on residential real estate for primary or secondary residences. Consumer loans are made to individuals who qualify for auto loans, cash reserve, credit cards and installment loans. 
 
 Gross loans as of December 31, 2023 totaled 8.3 billion, an increase of 0.2 billion, or 3.0 , over gross loans as of December 31, 2022 of 8.1 billion. 
 
 The largest component of the gross loan portfolio as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 was commercial real estate loans. Commercial real estate loans as of December 31, 2023 totaled 5.9 billion, an increase of 100 million, or 1.7 , compared to commercial real estate loans as of December 31, 2022 of 5.8 billion. The main component contributing to the increase in commercial real estate loans is an increase in multifamily loans. See the tables below for more detailed information on our commercial real estate portfolio. Commercial loans totaled 1.6 billion as of December 31, 2023, a decrease of 106 million, or 7.2 , compared to commercial loans as of December 31, 2022 of 1.5 billion. Included in commercial loans were PPP loans of 9 million as of December 31, 2023 and 11 million as of December 31, 2022. Commercial construction loans as of December 31, 2023 totaled 620 million, an increase of 46 million, or 8.1 , compared to commercial construction loans as of December 31, 2022 of 574 million. 
 
 Residential real estate loans totaled 256 million as of December 31, 2023, a decrease of 9 million, or 3.3 , compared to residential real estate loans as of December 31, 2022 of 265 million. Consumer loans as of December 31, 2023 totaled 1 million compared to 2 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following table sets forth the classification of our loans by loan portfolio segment for the periods presented. 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Commercial (1) 

1,578,730 

1,472,734 

1,299,428 

Commercial real estate 

5,895,545 

5,795,228 

4,741,590 

Commercial construction 

620,496 

574,139 

540,178 

Residential real estate 

256,041 

264,748 

255,269 

Consumer 

1,029 

2,312 

1,886 

Gross loans 

8,351,841 

8,109,161 

6,838,351 

Net deferred fees 

(6,696) 

(9,472) 

(9,729) 

Loans receivable 

8,345,145 

8,099,689 

6,828,622 

Allowance for credit losses 

(81,974) 

(90,513) 

(78,773) 

Net loans receivable 

8,263,171 

8,009,176 

6,749,849 

(1) Includes PPP loans of 9 million, 11 million and 93 million as of December 31, 2023, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

-45-

Table of Contents 

While the previous table reflects the classification of our loans by loan portfolio segment, the following tables present further disaggregation of our commercial real estate portfolio along with loan-to-value ("LTV") percentages. 

December 31, 2023 

December 31, 2022 

Balance 

Loan-to-Value 

Balance 

Loan-to-Value 

(dollars in thousands) 

Commercial real estate loans 

Multifamily 

2,553,401 

61 

2,618,087 

62 

Nonowner-occupied 

2,177,585 

54 

2,136,891 

59 

Owner-occupied 

930,319 

53 

882,342 

43 

Land loans 

234,563 

45 

160,125 

38 

Total commercial real estate loans (before discount) 

5,895,868 

56 

5,797,445 

57 

Fair value discount 

(323) 

(2,217) 

Total commercial real estate loans 

5,895,545 

5,795,228 

The table above is further broken down in the following table by geography: 

December 31, 2023 

December 31, 2022 

Balance 

Percent of Total 

Balance 

Percent of Total 

(dollars in thousands) 

Multifamily loans 

New Jersey 

1,623,666 

63.6 

1,664,795 

63.6 

New York 

789,065 

30.9 

827,172 

31.6 

Florida 

7,828 

0.3 

7,874 

0.3 

Connecticut 

36,761 

1.4 

18,585 

0.7 

All Other States 

96,081 

3.8 

99,661 

3.8 

Total multifamily loans 

2,553,401 

100.0 

2,618,087 

100.0 

December 31, 2023 

December 31, 2022 

Balance 

Percent of Total 

Balance 

Percent of Total 

(dollars in thousands) 

Nonowner-occupied 

New Jersey 

972,907 

44.7 

901,823 

42.2 

New York 

778,842 

35.8 

815,905 

38.2 

Florida 

205,178 

9.4 

204,029 

9.5 

Connecticut 

80,067 

3.7 

86,205 

4.0 

All Other States 

140,592 

6.4 

128,929 

6.1 

Total nonowner occupied 

2,177,585 

100.0 

2,136,891 

100.0 

December 31, 2023 

December 31, 2022 

Balance 

Percent of Total 

Balance 

Percent of Total 

(dollars in thousands) 

Owner-occupied 

New Jersey 

474,905 

51.1 

486,483 

55.1 

New York 

267,990 

28.8 

251,870 

28.5 

Florida 

69,989 

7.5 

55,593 

6.3 

Connecticut 

5,887 

0.6 

4,991 

0.6 

All Other States 

111,548 

12.0 

83,405 

9.5 

Total owner-occupied 

930,319 

100.0 

882,342 

100.0 

-46-

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2023 

December 31, 2022 

Balance 

Percent of Total 

Balance 

Percent of Total 

(dollars in thousands) 

Land loans 

New Jersey 

106,884 

45.6 

101,179 

63.2 

New York 

77,767 

33.1 

55,458 

34.6 

Florida 

48,807 

20.8 

3,488 

2.2 

Connecticut 

- 

- 

- 

- 

All Other States 

1,105 

0.5 

- 

- 

Total land 

234,563 

100.0 

160,125 

100.0 

In addition, the following tables presents further detail with respect to our owner-occupied and nonowner-occupied borrower concentrations included in the commercial real estate segment. 

December 31, 2023 

December 31, 2022 

Balance 

Percent of Total 

Balance 

Percent of Total 

(dollars in thousands) 

Owner-occupied 

Retail 

208,685 

22.4 

204,581 

23.2 

Office 

102,886 

11.1 

113,901 

12.9 

Warehouse/Industrial 

249,557 

26.8 

247,875 

28.1 

Mixed Use 

116,046 

12.5 

129,371 

14.7 

Other 

253,145 

27.2 

186,614 

21.1 

Total owner-occupied 

930,319 

100.0 

882,342 

100.0 

December 31, 2023 

December 31, 2022 

Balance 

Percent of Total 

Balance 

Percent of Total 

(dollars in thousands) 

Nonowner-occupied 

Retail 

637,211 

29.3 

680,733 

31.9 

Office 

424,479 

19.5 

384,820 

18.0 

Warehouse/Industrial 

233,518 

10.7 

233,266 

10.9 

Mixed Use 

192,617 

8.8 

150,090 

7.0 

Other 

689,760 

31.7 

687,982 

32.2 

Total nonowner-occupied 

2,177,585 

100.0 

2,136,891 

100.0 

-47-

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the classification of our gross loans by loan portfolio segment and by fixed and adjustable-rate loans as of December 31, 2023 by remaining contractual maturity. 

As of December 31, 2023 Maturing: 

After 

After 

In 

One Year 

Five Years 

One Year 

through 

through 

After 

or Less 

Five Years 

Fifteen Years 

Fifteen Years 

Total 

Commercial 

507,668 

401,538 

449,589 

219,935 

1,578,730 

Commercial real estate 

715,516 

1,903,132 

3,145,010 

131,887 

5,895,545 

Commercial construction 

517,423 

100,558 

- 

2,515 

620,496 

Residential real estate 

4,752 

24,668 

35,250 

191,371 

256,041 

Consumer 

917 

95 

1 

16 

1,029 

Total 

1,746,276 

2,429,991 

3,629,850 

545,724 

8,351,841 

Loans with: 

Fixed rates 

532,232 

1,610,012 

1,143,849 

346,698 

3,632,791 

Variable rates 

1,214,044 

819,979 

2,486,001 

199,026 

4,719,050 

Total 

1,746,276 

2,429,991 

3,629,850 

545,724 

8,351,841 

For additional information regarding loans, see Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

-48-

Table of Contents 

Asset Quality 
 
 General. One of our key objectives is to maintain a high level of asset quality. When a borrower fails to make a scheduled payment, we attempt to cure the deficiency by sending late notices, as well as making personal contact with the borrower. Typically, late notices are sent approximately 10 days after the date the payment is due, followed up by direct contact with the borrower approximately 15 days after payment is due. In most cases, deficiencies are promptly resolved. If the delinquency continues, late charges are assessed, and additional efforts are made to collect the deficiency. Total loans delinquent 30 days or more are reported to the board of directors of the Bank on a monthly basis. 
 
 On loans where the collection of principal or interest payments is doubtful, the accrual of interest income ceases nonaccrual loans). Except for loans that are well-secured and in the process of collection, it is our policy to discontinue accruing additional interest and reverse any interest accrued on any loan that is 90 days or greater past due. On occasion, this action may be taken earlier if the financial condition of the borrower raises significant concern with regard to the borrower s ability to service the debt in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement. Interest income is not accrued on these loans until the borrower s financial condition and payment record demonstrate an ability to service the debt. Typically, a nonaccrual loan may return to accrual status if the borrower makes the loan current, and then makes six consecutive payments as scheduled. 
 
 Real estate acquired as a result of foreclosure is classified as other real estate owned OREO until sold. OREO is recorded at the lower of cost or fair value less estimated selling costs. Costs associated with acquiring and improving a foreclosed property are usually capitalized to the extent that the carrying value does not exceed fair value less estimated selling costs. Holding costs are charged to expense. Gains and losses on the sale of OREO are charged to operations, as incurred. 
 
 The Company evaluates individual instruments for expected credit losses when those instruments do not share similar risk characteristics with instruments evaluated using a collective (pooled) basis. The Company evaluates the pooling methodology at least annually. Loans transition from defined segments for individual analysis when credit characteristics, or risk traits, change in a material manner. A loan is considered for individual analysis when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by the Company in determining individual analysis include payment status and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Nonaccrual loans that are 250,000 or higher and all purchased credit-deteriorated (PCD) loans are individually analyzed. For loans designated as nonaccrual with balances of less than 250,000, these loans are collectively evaluated, and, accordingly, are not separately identified for analysis or disclosures. Instruments will not be included in either collective or individual analysis. Individual analysis will establish a specific reserve for instruments in scope. 

-49-

Table of Contents 

Asset Classification. Federal regulations and our policies require that we utilize an internal asset classification system as a means of reporting problem and potential problem assets. We have incorporated an internal asset classification system, substantially consistent with Federal banking regulations, as a part of our credit monitoring system. Federal banking regulations set forth a classification scheme for problem and potential problem assets as substandard, doubtful or loss assets. An asset is considered substandard if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Substandard assets include those characterized by the distinct possibility that the insured institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Assets classified as doubtful have all of the weaknesses inherent in those classified substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. Assets classified as loss are those considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as assets without the establishment of a specific loss reserve is not warranted. Assets which do not currently expose the insured institution to sufficient risk to warrant classification in one of the aforementioned categories but possess weaknesses are required to be designated special mention. 
 
 When an insured institution classifies one or more assets, or portions thereof, as substandard or doubtful, it is required that a general valuation allowance for credit losses must be established in an amount deemed prudent by management. General valuation allowances represent loss allowances which have been established to recognize the inherent losses associated with lending activities, but which, unlike specific allowances, have not been allocated to particular problem assets. When an insured institution classifies one or more assets, or portions thereof, as loss, it is required either to establish a specific allowance for losses equal to 100 of the amount of the asset so classified or to charge off such amount. 
 
 A bank s determination as to the classification of its assets and the amount of its valuation allowances is subject to review by Federal bank regulators which can order the establishment of additional general or specific loss allowances. The Federal banking agencies have adopted an interagency policy statement on the allowance for credit losses. The policy statement provides guidance for financial institutions on both the responsibilities of management for the assessment and establishment of allowances and guidance for banking agency examiners to use in determining the adequacy of general valuation guidelines. Generally, the policy statement recommends that institutions have effective systems and controls to identify, monitor and address asset quality problems; that management analyze all significant factors that affect the collectability of the portfolio in a reasonable manner; and that management establish acceptable allowance evaluation processes that meet the objectives set forth in the policy statement. Our management believes that, based on information currently available, our allowance for credit losses is maintained at a level which covers all known and probable incurred losses in the portfolio at each reporting date. However, actual losses are dependent upon future events and, as such, further additions to the level of allowances for credit losses may become necessary. 
 
 The table below sets forth information on our classified loans and loans designated as special mention (excluding loans held-for-sale) as of the dates presented: 

2023 

2022 

(dollars in thousands) 

Classified Loans: 

Substandard 

58,509 

120,330 

Doubtful 

- 

- 

Loss 

- 

- 

Total classified loans 

58,509 

120,330 

Special Mention Loans 

54,168 

62,105 

Total classified and special mention loans 

112,677 

182,435 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, substandard loans and doubtful loans, which include lower credit quality loans which possess higher risk characteristics than special mention loans, decreased to 58.5 million, or 0.7 of loans receivable, as of December 31, 2023 from 120.3 million, or 1.5 of loans receivable, as of December 31, 2022. The decrease in substandard loans from the prior year was primarily attributable to loan payoffs resulting from successful loan workouts. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, special mention loans were 54.2 million, or 0.6 of loans receivable, while special mention loans as of December 31, 2022 were 62.1 million, or 0.8 of loans receivable. 

-50-

Table of Contents 

Nonaccrual Loans, OREO and Loans 90 Days or Greater Past Due and Still Accruing 
 
 Nonperforming assets include nonaccrual loans and OREO. Nonaccrual loans represent loans on which interest accruals have been suspended. OREO represents property acquired through foreclosure in partial or full satisfaction of loans. Loans 90 days or greater past due and still accruing represent loans that are both well-secured and in the process of collection, as well as any purchased credit-deteriorated loans, net of fair value marks, which accrete income per the valuation at date of acquisition. The Company considers charging off loans, or a portion thereof, at the time the Company deems it has exhausted all means of collection. For additional information regarding loans, see Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The following table sets forth, as of the dates indicated, the amount of the Company s nonaccrual loans, other real estate owned OREO ), and loans past due 90 days or greater and still accruing: 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Nonaccrual loans 

52,524 

44,454 

61,700 

OREO 

- 

264 

- 

Total nonperforming assets 

52,524 

44,718 

61,700 

Loans 90 days or greater past due and still accruing (PCD) 

- 

5,591 

13,531 

Nonaccrual loans to loans receivable 

0.63 

0.55 

0.90 

Nonperforming assets to total assets 

0.53 

0.46 

0.76 

Allowance for Credit Losses and Related Provision 
 
 The allowance for credit losses is an estimate of current expected credit losses considering available information relevant to assessing collectability of cash flows over the contractual term of the financial assets necessary to cover lifetime expected credit losses inherent in financial assets at the balance sheet date. The measurement of expected credit losses is applicable to loans receivable and investment securities measured at amortized cost. It also applies to off-balance sheet credit exposures such as loan commitments and unused lines of credit. Loan losses are charged against the allowance for credit losses when the Bank believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance for credit losses. The allowance is established through a provision for credit losses that is charged against income. The methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses is considered a critical accounting policy by management because of the high degree of judgment involved, the subjectivity of the assumptions used, and the potential for changes in the forecasted economic environment that could result in changes to the amount of the recorded allowance for credit losses. The expected credit loss for unfunded loan commitments is reported on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition in Other Liabilities . 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, the allowance for credit losses for loans was 82.0 million, a decrease of 8.5 million, or 9.4 , from 90.5 million as of December 31, 2022. The decrease in the allowance for credit losses was primarily driven by net charge-offs of 17.0 million, partially offset by 8.4 million in provision for credit losses. 

-51-

Table of Contents 

The allowance for credit losses for loans as a percentage of loans receivable was 0.98 as of December 31, 2023 and 1.12 as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Three-Year Statistical Allowance for Credit Losses for Loans 
 
 The following table reflects the relationship of loan volume, the provision and allowance for credit losses for loans and net charge-offs for the periods presented. 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Balance as of January 1, 

90,513 

78,773 

79,226 

CECL Day 1 Adjustment 

- 

- 

6,557 

Balance as of January 1, as adjusted for changes in accounting principal 

90,513 

78,773 

85,783 

Charge-offs: 

Commercial 

14,888 

2,612 

382 

Commercial real estate 

2,142 

2,819 

1,780 

Residential real estate 

18 

9 

235 

Consumer 

1 

3 

- 

Total charge-offs 

17,049 

5,443 

2,397 

Recoveries: 

Commercial 

10 

54 

289 

Commercial real estate 

- 

- 

85 

Residential real estate 

68 

63 

20 

Consumer 

8 

- 

11 

Total recoveries 

86 

117 

405 

Net charge-offs 

16,963 

5,326 

1,992 

Provision for (reversal of) credit losses for loans 

8,424 

17,066 

(5,018) 

Balance at end of year 

81,974 

90,513 

78,773 

Ratio of net charge-offs during the year to average loans receivable outstanding during the year 

0.23 

0.07 

0.03 

Allowance for credit losses for loans as a percentage of loans receivable 

0.98 

1.12 

1.15 

For additional information regarding loans, see Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Implicit in the lending function is the fact that credit losses will be experienced and that the risk of loss will vary with the type of loan being made, the creditworthiness of the borrower and prevailing economic conditions. The allowance for credit losses has been allocated in the table below according to the estimated amount deemed to be reasonably and supportably necessary to provide for the possibility of either lifetime expected losses or losses being incurred within the following categories of loans as of December 31, for each of the past three years. 
 
 The following table shows the amounts of the allowance allocable to such loans and the percentage of such loans to gross loans, along with the amount of the unallocated allowance. Total Commercial , as shown below, includes commercial, commercial real estate and commercial construction loans. 

Total Commercial 

Residential Real Estate 

Consumer 

Amount of 

of Total 

Amount of 

of Total 

Amount of 

of Total 

Total 

Allowance 

Allowance 

Allowance 

Allowance 

Allowance 

Allowance 

Allowance 

(dollars in thousands) 

2023 

77,649 

94.7 

4,320 

5.2 

5 

0.1 

81,974 

2022 

86,363 

95.4 

4,143 

4.6 

7 

0.1 

90,513 

2021 

75,138 

95.4 

3,628 

4.6 

7 

0.1 

78,773 

-52-

Table of Contents 

Investments 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, the amortized cost of investment securities, including equity securities, increased by 65.7 million to approximately 726.5 million or 7.9 of average earning assets, from 660.8 million, or 8.0 of average earning assets, for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2023, the principal components of the investment portfolio are U.S. Treasury and Government Agency Obligations, Federal Agency Obligations including mortgage-backed securities, Obligations of U.S. States and Political Subdivisions, Corporate Bonds and other debt and equity securities. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, rate related factors increased investment revenue by 2.9 million and volume related factors increased investment revenue by 2.0 million. The tax-equivalent yield on investments increased by 43 basis points to 3.10 from a yield of 2.67 during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Securities available-for-sale are a part of the Company s interest rate risk management strategy and may be sold in response to changes in interest rates, changes in prepayment risk, liquidity management and other factors. The Company continues to reposition the investment portfolio as part of an overall corporate-wide strategy to produce reasonable and consistent margins where feasible, while attempting to limit risks inherent in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Condition. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, net unrealized losses on securities available-for-sale, which are carried as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss and included in stockholders equity, net of tax, amounted to 57.8 million as compared with net unrealized losses of 61.8 million as of December 31, 2022. The decrease in unrealized losses is predominately attributable to changes in market conditions and interest rates. Unrealized losses have not been recognized into income because the issuers are of high credit quality, we do not intend to sell, and it is likely that we will not be required to sell the securities prior to their anticipated recovery. The issuers continue to make timely principal and interest payments on the securities. Any impairment that has not been recorded through an allowance for credit losses is recognized in other comprehensive income, net of applicable taxes. For additional information regarding the Company s investment portfolio, see Note 3, Note 15 and Note 20 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 During 2023, 2022 and 2021, there were no sales from the Company s available-for-sale portfolio. The Company had a 195 thousand gain on the redemption of available-for-sale securities during 2021. The Company had no impairment charges in 2023, 2022 and 2021. The table below illustrates the maturity distribution and weighted average yield on a tax-equivalent basis for amortized cost of our investment securities, excluding equity securities, as of December 31, 2023, on a contractual maturity basis. 

-53-

Table of Contents 

Due after 1 year 

Due after 5 years 

Due in 1 year or less 

through 5 years 

through 10 years 

Due after 10 years 

Total 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Amortized 

Average 

Amortized 

Average 

Amortized 

Average 

Amortized 

Average 

Amortized 

Average 

Market 

Cost 

Yield 

Cost 

Yield 

Cost 

Yield 

Cost 

Yield 

Cost 

Yield 

Value 

(dollars in thousands) 

Investment Securities Available-for-Sale 

Federal Agency Obligations 

- 

- 

- 

- 

228 

2.78 

55,670 

2.53 

55,898 

2.53 

45,326 

Residential Mortgage Pass-through Securities 

5 

2.70 

242 

2.62 

2,436 

3.50 

459,321 

3.22 

462,004 

3.22 

411,191 

Commercial Mortgage Pass-through Securities 

- 

- 

- 

- 

3,987 

1.53 

21,253 

2.89 

25,240 

2.68 

21,564 

Obligations of U.S. States and Political Subdivisions 

- 

- 

3,388 

4.52 

1,248 

4.45 

144,159 

3.64 

148,795 

3.67 

132,705 

Corporate Bonds and Notes 

2,000 

3.58 

3,000 

5.27 

- 

- 

- 

- 

5,000 

3.16 

4,973 

Asset-backed Securities 

- 

- 

- 

- 

375 

6.57 

885 

6.39 

1,260 

6.44 

1,238 

Other Securities 

165 

0.25 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

165 

0.25 

165 

Total Investment Securities 

2,170 

3.32 

6,630 

4.79 

8,274 

2.81 

681,288 

3.25 

698,362 

3.26 

617,162 

For information regarding the carrying value of the investment portfolio, see Note 3, Note 15 and Note 20 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The securities listed in the table above are either rated investment grade by Moody s and/or Standard and Poor s or have shadow credit ratings from a credit agency supporting an investment grade and conform to the Company s investment policy guidelines. There were no municipal securities, or corporate securities, of any single issuer exceeding 10 of stockholders equity as of December 31, 2023. Other securities do not have a contractual maturity and are included in the Due in 1 year or less maturity in the table above. 

-54-

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the carrying value of the Company s investment securities, as of December 31 for each of the last three years. 

2023 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Investment Securities Available-for-Sale: 

Federal agency obligations 

45,326 

44,450 

50,360 

Residential mortgage pass-through securities 

411,191 

417,578 

316,095 

Commercial mortgage pass-through securities 

21,564 

21,104 

10,469 

Obligations of U.S. States and political subdivisions 

132,705 

142,896 

145,625 

Corporate bonds and notes 

4,973 

6,974 

9,049 

Asset-backed securities 

1,238 

1,640 

2,564 

Certificates of deposit 

- 

- 

150 

Other securities 

165 

242 

195 

Total 

617,162 

634,884 

534,507 

For other information regarding the Company s investment securities portfolio, see Note 3, Note 15 and Note 20 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis 
 
 The principal objective of our asset and liability management function is to evaluate the interest-rate risk included in certain balance sheet accounts; determine the level of risk appropriate given our business focus, operating environment, and capital and liquidity requirements; establish prudent asset concentration guidelines; and manage the risk consistent with Board approved guidelines. We seek to reduce the vulnerability of our operations to changes in interest rates, and actions in this regard are taken under the guidance of the Bank s Asset Liability Committee (the ALCO ). The ALCO generally reviews our liquidity, cash flow needs, maturities of investments, deposits and borrowings, and current market conditions and interest rates. 
 
 The Company utilizes a number of strategies to manage interest rate risk including, but not limited to: (i) balancing the types and structures of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities by diversifying mix, coupons, maturities and/or repricing characteristics, (ii) reducing the overall interest rate sensitivity of liabilities by emphasizing core and/or longer-term deposits; utilizing FHLB advances and wholesale deposits for our interest rate risk profile, (iii) managing the investment portfolio for liquidity and interest rate risk profile, and (iv) entering into interest rate swap and cap agreements. 
 
 We currently utilize net interest income simulation and economic value of equity EVE models to measure the potential impact to the Bank of future changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022, the results of the models are monitored by guidelines prescribed by our Board of Directors. If model results were to fall outside prescribed ranges, action, including additional monitoring and reporting to the Board, would be required by the ALCO and Bank s management. 

-55-

Table of Contents 

The net interest income simulation model attempts to measure the change in net interest income over the next one-year period, and over the next three-year period on a cumulative basis, assuming certain changes in the general level of interest rates. The year over year change in the interest rate risk profile primarily reflects updated model assumptions in response to dynamically changing market conditions, including higher beta assumptions, as well as a positioning of the balance sheet to be more liability sensitive. 
 
 Based on our model, which was run as of December 31, 2023, we estimated that over the next one-year period a 200 basis-point instantaneous increase in the general level of interest rates would decrease our net interest income by 9.25 , while a 100 basis-point instantaneous decrease in interest rates would increase net interest income by 5.34 . As of December 31, 2022, we estimated that over the next one-year period a 200 basis-point instantaneous increase in the general level of interest rates would decrease our net interest income by 2.22 , while a 100 basis-point instantaneous decrease in interest rates would decrease net interest income by 2.01 . 
 
 Based on our model, which was run as of December 31, 2023, we estimated that over the next three years, on a cumulative basis, a 200 basis-point instantaneous increase in the general level of interest rates would decrease our net interest income by 5.68 , while a 100 basis-point instantaneous decrease in interest rates would increase net interest income by 4.29 . As of December 31, 2022, we estimated that over the next three years, on a cumulative basis, a 200 basis-point instantaneous increase in the general level of interest rates would decrease our net interest income by 2.66 , while a 100 basis-point instantaneous decrease in interest rates would decrease net interest income by 3.99 . 
 
 An EVE analysis is also used to dynamically model the present value of asset and liability cash flows with instantaneous rate shocks of up 200 basis points and down 100 basis points. The economic value of equity is likely to be different as interest rates change. Our EVE as of December 31, 2023, would decrease by 15.09 with an instantaneous rate shock of up 200 basis points, and increase by 5.75 with an instantaneous rate shock of down 100 basis points. Our EVE as of December 31, 2022, would decrease by 10.51 with an instantaneous rate shock of up 200 basis points, and decrease by 1.13 with an instantaneous rate shock of down 100 basis points. 
 
 The change in interest rate sensitivity was impacted by changes in overall market interest rates, updates to certain model assumptions, changes in short and intermediate-term fixed rate funding and by the deposit mix shift into certificates of deposit, from both noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing non-maturity deposits. 

-56-

Table of Contents 

The following table illustrates the most recent results for EVE and NII as of December 31, 2023. 

Interest Rates 

Estimated 

Estimated Change in EVE 

Interest Rates 

Estimated 

Estimated Change in NII 

(basis points) 

EVE 

Amount 

(basis points) 

NII 

Amount 

+300 

791,117 

(236,456) 

(23.01) 
 
 +300 

216,207 

(36,087) 

(14.30) 

+200 

872,546 

(155,027) 

(15.09) 
 
 +200 

228,949 

(23,345) 

(9.25) 

+100 

958,053 

(69,520) 

(6.77) 
 
 +100 

241,865 

(10,429) 

(4.13) 

0 

1,027,573 

- 

- 

0 

252,294 

- 

- 

-100 

1,086,643 

59,070 

5.75 

-100 

265,773 

13,479 

5.34 

-200 

1,112,376 

84,803 

8.25 

-200 

270,782 

18,488 

7.33 

-300 

1,137,176 

109,603 

10.67 

-300 

276,718 

24,424 

9.68 

Certain model limitations are inherent in the methodology used in the EVE and net interest income measurements. The models require the making of certain assumptions which may tend to oversimplify the way actual yields and costs respond to changes in market interest rates. The models assume that the composition of the Company s interest sensitive assets and liabilities existing at the beginning of a period remain constant over the period being measured, thus they do not consider the Company s strategic plans, or any other steps it may take to respond to changes in rates over the forecasted period of time. Additionally, the models assume immediate changes in interest rates, based on yield curves as of a point-in-time, which are reflected in a parallel, instantaneous and uniform manner across all yield curves, when in reality changes may rarely be of this nature. The models also utilize data derived from historical performance and as interest rates change the actual performance of loan prepayments, rate sensitivities, and average life assumptions may deviate from assumptions utilized in the models and can impact the results. Accordingly, although the above measurements provide an indication of the Company s interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time, such measurements are not intended to provide a precise forecast of the effect of changes in market interest rates. Given the unique nature of the post-pandemic interest rate environment, and the speed with which interest rates have been changing, the projections noted above on the Company s EVE and net interest income and can be expected to differ from actual results. 
 
 Estimates of Fair Value 
 
 The estimation of fair value is significant to certain assets of the Company, including available-for-sale investment securities. These are all recorded at either fair value or the lower of cost or fair value. Fair values are volatile and may be influenced by a number of factors. Circumstances that could cause estimates of the fair value of certain assets and liabilities to change include a change in prepayment speeds, expected cash flows, credit quality, discount rates, or market interest rates. Fair values for most available-for-sale investment securities are based on quoted market prices. If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on judgments regarding future expected loss experience, current economic condition risk characteristics of various financial instruments, and other factors. See Note 20 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion. 
 
 These estimates are subjective in nature, involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 

-57-

Table of Contents 

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 
 
 The financial statements and notes thereto presented elsewhere herein have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, which require the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering the change in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The impact of inflation is reflected in the increased cost of the operations; unlike most industrial companies, nearly all of the Company s assets and liabilities are monetary. As a result, interest rates have a greater impact on performance than do the effects of general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent as the prices of goods and services. 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 Liquidity is a measure of a bank s ability to fund loans, withdrawals or maturities of deposits, and other cash outflows in a cost-effective manner. Our principal sources of funds are deposits, scheduled amortization and prepayments of loan principal, maturities of investment securities, and funds provided by operations. While scheduled loan payments and maturing investments are relatively predictable sources of funds, deposit flow and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, the amount of liquid assets remained at a level management deemed adequate to ensure that, on a short and long-term basis, contractual liabilities, depositors withdrawal requirements, and other operational and client credit needs could be satisfied. As of December 31, 2023, liquid assets (cash and due from banks, interest-bearing deposits with banks and unencumbered investment securities) were 516.3 million, which represented 5.2 of total assets and 6.1 of total deposits and borrowings, compared to 760.0 million as of December 31, 2022, which represented 7.9 of total assets and 9.3 of total deposits and borrowings on such date. As of December 31, 2023, not included in the above liquid assets were securities with a market value of 276.0 million which were pledged to either the Federal Reserve Bank s Bank Term Funding Program BTFP ), or the Federal Home Loan Bank, which support aggregate unutilized borrowing capacity of 300.5 million as of December 31, 2023. 

-58-

Table of Contents 

The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York and, based on available qualified collateral as of December 31, 2023, had the ability to borrow 2.8 billion. The Bank also has two credit facilities established with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for direct discount window borrowings and BTFP capacity based on pledged collateral and had the ability to borrow 1.6 billion as of December 31, 2023. The BTFP is scheduled to cease making new loans on March 11, 2024. At such time the unencumbered securities pledged to the BTFP can be released as unpledged collateral or pledged to other borrowing facilities for unutilized borrowing capacity. Currently the Bank has no outstanding BTFP borrowings. In addition, as of December 31, 2023, the Bank had in place borrowing capacity of 335 million through correspondent banks and other unsecured borrowing lines. As of December 31, 2023, the Bank had aggregate available and unused credit of approximately 3.3 billion, which represents the aforementioned facilities totaling 4.8 billion net of 1.5 billion in outstanding borrowings and letters of credit. As of December 31, 2023, outstanding commitments for the Bank to extend credit were approximately 1.2 billion. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents totaled 242.7 million as of December 31, 2023, decreasing by 25.6 million from 268.3 million as of December 31, 2022. Operating activities provided 92.9 million in net cash. Investing activities used 248.0 million in net cash, primarily reflecting an increase in loans. Financing activities provided 129.6 million in net cash, primarily reflecting a net increase in deposits of 179.9 million and an increase in net borrowings of 75.9 million, partially offset by a repayment of subordinated debt of 75.0 million. 

-59-

Table of Contents 

Deposits 
 
 Deposits are our primary source of funds. Average total deposits increased by 765 million, or 11.3 , to 7.5 billion in 2023 from 6.8 billion in 2022 and increased 558 million, or 9.0 , to 6.8 billion in 2022 from 6.2 billion in 2021. The increase in total average deposits in 2023 was primarily attributed to average time deposits of 1.1 billion, partially offset by decreases in average noninterest-bearing demand deposits of 279 million and savings deposits of 44 million. 
 
 The increase in average time deposits of 1.1 billion during 2023 was primarily attributed to increases of 570 million in nonreciprocal brokered time deposits, 406 million in retail time deposits and 96 million in CDARs. The Bank has increased its utilization of nonreciprocal brokered time deposits during 2023 primarily to enhance balance sheet liquidity and because it served as a favorable alternative to other borrowings. 
 
 The decrease in average noninterest-bearing demand deposits was consistent with industry trends reflecting higher levels of interest rates which resulted in migration of noninterest-bearing deposits to interest-bearing demand deposits. 
 
 ICS reciprocal deposits are offered through the Bank s participation in the IntraFi Network LLC network, formerly known as Promontory Interfinancial Network. Clients, who are Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance sensitive, are able to place large dollar deposits with the Company and the Company utilizes ICS and CDARS, under which the Bank receives a reciprocal deposit back in return to place those funds into non-maturity accounts, or certificates of deposit, issued by other banks in the IntraFi Network. This occurs in increments of less than the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits so that both the principal and interest are eligible for FDIC insurance coverage in amounts larger than the insured dollar amount. 
 
 Total year-to-date average demand deposits as of December 31, 2023 included 943 million in ICS reciprocal deposits, compared to 301 million as of December 31, 2022. Total year-to-date average time deposits as of December 31, 2023 included 111 million in CDARS, compared to 15 million as of December 31, 2022. The increases in ICS reciprocal deposits and CDARS resulted primarily from changes in customer and market sentiment related to the failure of three regional banks in March 2023 and the resulting migration of client deposits to the IntraFi Network in an effort to increase the level of FDIC deposit insurance for clients. 
 
 The beta, which is the measurement of deposit rate sensitivity in response to market rate changes, on nonreciprocal brokered deposits tends to be higher than that of ICS and CDARS reciprocal deposits, as nonreciprocal brokered time deposits are more directly correlated to prevailing market rates of interest, while ICS and CDARs reciprocal deposits reflect the Bank s relationship with reciprocal deposit clients and are more driven by a desire for FDIC insurance coverage than market leading rates. 

-60-

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the year-to-date average balances and weighted average rates of our deposits for the periods indicated. 

Year-to-Date Average December 31, 2023 

Year-to-Date Average December 31, 2022 

Year-to-Date Average December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Rate 

Balance 

Rate 

Balance 

Rate 

(dollars in thousands) 

Demand, noninterest-bearing 

1,332,809 

- 

1,612,040 

- 

1,454,148 

- 

Demand, interest-bearing NOW 

3,292,907 

3.17 

3,284,866 

0.80 

3,081,899 

0.29 

Savings 

374,189 

2.37 

417,907 

0.70 

369,866 

0.31 

Time 

2,529,892 

3.67 

1,449,826 

1.47 

1,300,270 

1.14 

Average Total Deposits 

7,529,797 

2.74 

6,764,639 

0.75 

6,206,183 

0.52 

The following table sets forth information related to the uninsured deposit balances of the Bank. 

As of December 31, 2023 

As of December 31, 2022 

Balance 

Balance 

(dollars in thousands) 

As stated in FFIEC 041-Consolidated Report of Condition, schedule RC-O: 

Total Bank unconsolidated deposits (including affiliate and subsidiary accounts) 

11,243,254 

10,670,491 

Estimated uninsured deposits 

6,152,454 

6,533,537 

The Bank, on a consolidated basis: 

Total deposits 

7,536,202 

7,356,622 

Estimated uninsured deposits (excluding affiliate and subsidiary accounts) 

2,388,545 

3,148,407 

-61-

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the distribution of total actual deposit accounts, by account types for the periods indicated. 

December 31, 2023 

December 31, 2022 

Amount 

of total 

Amount 

of total 

(dollars in thousands) 

Demand, noninterest-bearing 

1,259,364 

16.7 

1,501,614 

20.4 

Demand, interest-bearing NOW 

3,326,989 

44.1 

3,085,613 

41.9 

Savings 

418,478 

5.6 

375,205 

5.1 

Time 

2,531,371 

33.6 

2,394,190 

32.6 

Total Deposits 

7,536,202 

100.0 

7,356,622 

100.0 

Total deposits increased by 180 million, or 2.4 , to 7.5 billion in 2023 from 7.4 billion in 2022. The increase in total deposits in 2023 was primarily attributed to an increase in demand, interest-bearing NOW of 241 million, an increase in time deposits of 137 million and an increase in savings of 43 million, partially offset by decreases in noninterest-bearing deposits of 242 million. 
 
 Total demand deposits as of December 31, 2023 include 1.1 billion in ICS reciprocal deposits, compared to 272 million as of December 31, 2022. Total time deposits as of December 31, 2023 include 96 million in CDARS, compared to 3 million as of December 31, 2022. As discussed above, these increases were primarily related to market and customer sentiment related to FDIC deposit insurance coverage stemming from bank failures earlier in 2023. 
 
 Included in time deposits were nonreciprocal brokered deposits of 915 million as of December 31, 2023, which were relatively flat when compared to 933 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we held 643 million of time deposits that exceed the FDIC insurance limit, which was an increase of 52 million from 592 million as of December 31, 2022. The following table provides information on the maturity distribution of the time deposits exceeding the FDIC insurance limit as of December 31, 2023 and 2022: 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2023 

2022 

(dollars in thousands) 

3 months or less 

275,943 

147,761 

Over 3 to 6 months 

102,985 

103,074 

Over 6 to 12 months 

225,518 

213,961 

Over 12 months 

38,904 

126,984 

Total 

643,350 

591,780 

-62-

Table of Contents 

Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advances are secured, under the terms of a blanket collateral agreement, primarily by commercial mortgage loans. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had a gross carrying value of 933.6 million, excluding a net fair value discount of 58 thousand, in notes outstanding at a weighted average interest rate of 5.41 . As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a gross carrying value of 857.6 million, excluding a net fair value discount of 80 thousand, in notes outstanding at a weighted average interest rate of 4.32 . 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments 
 
 The following table summarizes contractual obligations as of December 31, 2023 and the effect such obligations are expected to have on liquidity and cash flows in future periods. 

Over 5 

Total 

Less than 1 year 

1 3 years 

4 5 years 

years 

(dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2023 

Contractual obligations: 

Operating lease obligations 

14,909 

3,046 

5,275 

3,345 

3,243 

Other contractual obligations: 

Time Deposits 

2,532,547 

2,131,378 

361,256 

39,913 

- 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances and repurchase agreements 

933,637 

881,000 

27,050 

25,293 

294 

Finance lease 

1,506 

272 

595 

639 

- 

Subordinated debentures, net of debt issuance costs 

79,439 

- 

- 

- 

79,439 

Total other contractual obligations 

3,547,129 

3,012,650 

388,901 

65,845 

79,733 

Other commercial commitments off-balance sheet: 

Commitments under commercial loans and lines of credit 

723,228 

424,985 

269,062 

1,472 

27,709 

Home equity and other revolving lines of credit 

48,786 

9,380 

11,953 

19,155 

8,298 

Outstanding commercial mortgage loan commitments 

370,574 

134,359 

223,330 

1,665 

11,220 

Standby letters of credit 

23,562 

19,242 

2,320 

- 

2,000 

Overdraft protection lines 

829 

415 

152 

42 

220 

Total other commercial commitments-off balance sheet 

1,166,979 

588,381 

506,817 

22,334 

49,447 

Total contractual obligations and other commitments 

4,729,017 

3,604,077 

900,993 

91,524 

132,423 

-63-

Table of Contents 

Capital 
 
 The maintenance of a solid capital foundation continues to be a primary goal for the Company. Accordingly, capital plans, stock repurchases, and dividend policies are monitored on an ongoing basis. The most important objective of the capital planning process is to balance effectively the retention of capital to support future growth and the goal of providing stockholders with an attractive long-term return on their investment. 
 
 The Company s Tier 1 leverage capital (defined as tangible stockholders equity for common stock and Trust Preferred Capital Securities) as of December 31, 2023 amounted to 1.0 billion or 10.8 of average total assets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s Tier 1 leverage capital amounted to 1.0 billion or 10.7 of average total assets. The increase in Tier 1 capital reflects the Company s retained earnings during 2023. 
 
 United States bank regulators have issued guidelines establishing minimum capital standards related to the level of assets and off balance-sheet exposures adjusted for credit risk. Specifically, these guidelines categorize assets and off balance-sheet items into risk-weightings and require banking institutions to maintain a minimum ratio of capital to risk-weighted assets. As of December 31, 2023, the Company s CET 1, Tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratios were 10.62 , 11.95 and 13.77 , respectively. For information on risk-based capital and regulatory guidelines for the Parent Corporation and its bank subsidiary, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The foregoing capital ratios are based in part on specific quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the bank regulators regarding capital components, risk weightings, and other factors. 

-64-

Table of Contents 

Subordinated Debentures 
 
 During 2003, the Company formed a statutory business trust, which exists for the exclusive purpose of (i) issuing Trust Securities representing undivided beneficial interests in the assets of the Trust; (ii) investing the gross proceeds of the Trust securities in junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures (subordinated debentures) of the Company; and (iii) engaging in only those activities necessary or incidental thereto. On December 19, 2003, Center Bancorp Statutory Trust II, a statutory business trust and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent Corporation issued 5.0 million of MMCapS capital securities to investors due on January 23, 2034. The capital securities presently qualify as Tier I capital. The trust loaned the proceeds of this offering to the Company and received in exchange 5.2 million of the Parent Corporation s subordinated debentures. The subordinated debentures are redeemable in whole or in part prior to maturity. The floating interest rate on the subordinate debentures was previously three-month LIBOR plus 2.85 and reprices quarterly. Upon the cessation of publication of LIBOR rates and pursuant to the Federal LIBOR Act and Federal Reserve regulations implementing the Act, applicable US Dollar LIBOR indexed instruments like the Company s outstanding 5.0 million of MMCapS capital securities converted effective June 30, 2023 to a new index based on CME Term SOFR, as defined in the LIBOR Act, plus a tenor spread adjustment, which is referred to as the Benchmark Replacement. Therefore, effective for quarterly interest rate resets after July 3, 2023 the subordinated debentures floating rate will be three-month CME Term SOFR plus 2.85 plus a tenor spread adjust of 0.26161 . The rate as of December 31, 2023 was 8.50 . These subordinated debentures and the related income effects are not eliminated in the consolidated financial statements, as the statutory business trust is not consolidated in accordance with FASB ASC 810-10. Distributions on the subordinated debentures owned by the subsidiary trust have been classified as interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 During June 2020, the Parent Corporation issued 75 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes (the 2020 Notes ). The 2020 Notes bear interest at 5.75 annually from, and including, the date of initial issuance to, but excluding, September 15, 2025 or the date of earlier redemption, payable semi-annually in arrears on September 15 and December 15 of each year, commencing December 15, 2020. From and including September 15, 2025 through maturity or earlier redemption, the interest rate shall reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to a benchmark rate, which is expected to be Three-Month Term SOFR (as defined in the Second Supplemental Indenture), plus 560.5 basis points, payable quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 of each year, commencing on September 15, 2025. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the benchmark rate is less than zero, then the benchmark rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
 
 During January 2018, the Parent Corporation issued 75 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes (the 2018 Notes ). The 2018 Notes bore interest at a rate that resets quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then current three-month LIBOR rate plus 284 basis points (2.84 payable quarterly in arrears. Interest on the 2018 Notes was to be paid on February 1, May 1, August 1, and November 1, of each year to but excluding the stated maturity date, unless in any case previously redeemed. The 2018 Notes were redeemed in full on February 1, 2023. 
 
 During June 2015, the Parent Corporation issued 50 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes (the 2015 Notes ). As of December 31, 2020, the 2015 Notes had a stated maturity of July 1, 2025, and bore interest until the maturity date or early redemption date at a variable rate equal to the then current three-month LIBOR rate plus 393 basis points. As of December 31, 2020, the variable interest rate was 4.16 , all costs related to 2015 issuance had been amortized and the 2015 Notes were redeemed in full on January 1, 2021. 

-65-

Table of Contents 

Preferred Stock 
 
 On August 19, 2021, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of 115,000 shares, or 115 million in aggregate liquidation preference, of its depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of the Company s 5.25 Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, no par value, with a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share. The net proceeds received from the issuance of preferred stock at the time of closing were 110.9 million. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Interest Sensitivity 
 
 Market Risk 
 
 Interest rate risk management is our primary market risk. See Item 7- Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation- Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis herein for a discussion of our management of our interest rate risk. 

-66-

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 All Financial Statements: 
 
 The following financial statements are filed as part of this report under Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 68 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 
 71 

Consolidated Statements of Income 
 
 72 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 73 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 
 74 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 75 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 76 

-67-

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID 

Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

-68-

Table of Contents 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses Qualitative Loss Factors on Commercial and Commercial Real Estate Loans 
 
 As described in Note 1a to the consolidated financial statements, the Company accounts for credit losses under ASC 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses. ASC 326 requires the measurement of expected lifetime credit losses for financial assets measured at amortized cost at the reporting date. As of December 31, 2023, the allowance for credit losses ACL on loans was 81,974,000. 
 
 Management employs a process and methodology to estimate the ACL on pooled loans that evaluates both quantitative and qualitative factors. The methodology for evaluating quantitative factors includes pooling loans into portfolio segments for loans that share similar characteristics. Pooled loan portfolio segments include commercial, commercial real estate, commercial construction, residential real estate, and consumer loans. 
 
 For pooled loans, the Company utilizes a discounted cash flow DCF methodology to estimate credit losses over the expected life of the loan. The DCF methodology combines probability of default, the loss given default, and prepayment speed assumptions to estimate a reserve for each loan. The quantitative loss rates are adjusted by macroeconomic scenarios and reverts, on a straight-line basis, to average historical losses after the forecasted periods. The sum of all the loan level reserves is aggregated for each portfolio segment and a quantitative loss factor is derived. The quantitative factors are also supplemented by certain qualitative loss factors reflecting management s view of how losses may vary from those represented by quantitative loss rates. Qualitative loss factors, for each loan segment within the portfolio, incorporate consideration for a minimum to maximum range for qualitative loss factor derived from either the Company s historical loss experience of peer group historical loss experience. Changes in these assumptions could have a material effect on the Company s financial results. 
 
 We identified auditing the qualitative component of the ACL on pooled loans in the commercial and commercial real estate loan segments as a critical audit matter because the methodology to determine the estimate of credit losses uses subjective judgments by management and is subject to material variability. 

-69-

Table of Contents 

Performing audit procedures to evaluate the qualitative loss factors on the commercial and commercial real estate loan segments involved a high degree of auditor judgment and required significant effort, including the need to involve more experienced audit personnel including the use of internal specialists. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Testing the effective of controls over the evaluation of the ACL on pooled loans, including controls addressing: 
 
 o Methodology and accounting policies. 
 
 o Data inputs, judgments and calculations used to determine the qualitative loss factors. 
 
 o Information technology general controls and application controls. 
 
 o Management s evaluation of qualitative loss factors. 

Substantively, testing management s process, including evaluating their judgments and assumptions, for developing the ACL on pooled loans, which included: 
 
 o Evaluating the appropriateness of the Company s accounting policies, judgments and elections. 
 
 o Testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculation. 
 
 o Testing the completeness and accuracy of data used in the calculation including utilizing internal specialists to assist in testing the mathematical accuracy of the underlying peer data used to develop the maximum loss factors. 
 
 o Evaluating the reasonableness of management s judgments related to qualitative loss factors to determine if they are calculated to conform with management s policies and were consistently applied period over period. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2014. 

February 23, 2024 

-70-

Table of Contents 

CONNECTONE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 

December 31, 
 2023 2022 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 ASSETS 
 Cash and due from banks 
 Interest-bearing deposits with banks 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 Investment securities 
 Equity securities 
 
 Loans held-for-sale 
 
 Loans receivable 
 Less: Allowance for credit losses - loans 
 Net loans receivable 
 
 Investment in restricted stock, at cost 
 Bank premises and equipment, net 
 Accrued interest receivable 
 Bank owned life insurance 
 Right of use operating lease assets 
 Other real estate owned 
 Goodwill 
 Core deposit intangibles 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 LIABILITIES 
 Deposits: 
 Noninterest-bearing 
 Interest-bearing 
 Total deposits 
 Borrowings 
 Subordinated debentures, net of debt issuance costs 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Other liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Preferred Stock, no par value; 
 1,000 per share liquidation preference; Authorized 5,000,000 shares; issued 115,000 shares as of December 31, 2023 and as of December 31, 2022; outstanding 115,000 shares as of December 31, 2023 and as of December 31, 2022 
 Common stock, no par value: 
 Authorized 100,000,000 shares; issued 42,122,948 shares as of December 31, 2023 and 41,942,149 shares as of December 31, 2022; outstanding 38,519,770 shares as of December 31, 2023 and 39,243,123 as of December 31, 2022 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Treasury stock, at cost 3,603,178 shares as of December 31, 2023 and 2,699,026 shares as of December 31, 2022 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

-71-

Table of Contents 

CONNECTONE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Years Ended December 31, 
 2023 2022 2021 
 (dollars in thousands, except for per share data) 
 Interest income: 
 Interest and fees on loans 
 Interest and dividends on investment securities: 
 Taxable 
 Tax-exempt 
 Dividends 
 Interest on federal funds sold and other short-term investments 
 Total interest income 
 Interest expense: 
 Deposits 
 Borrowings 
 Total interest expense 
 Net interest income 
 Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 
 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 
 Noninterest income: 
 Deposit, loan and other income 
 Income on bank owned life insurance 
 Net gains on sale of loans held-for-sale 
 Gain on sale of branches 
 Net losses on equity securities 
 Net gains on sale/redemption of investment securities 
 Total noninterest income 
 Noninterest expense: 
 Salaries and employee benefits 
 Occupancy and equipment 
 FDIC insurance 
 Professional and consulting 
 Marketing and advertising 
 Information technology and communications 
 Amortization of core deposit intangible 
 Net periodic pension income 
 Increase in value of acquisition price 
 Other expenses 
 Total noninterest expenses 
 Income before income tax expense 
 Income tax expense 
 Net income 
 Preferred dividends 
 Net income available to common stockholders 
 Earnings per common share: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

-72-

Table of Contents 

CONNECTONE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Years Ended December 31, 
 2023 2022 2021 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 
 Net income 
 Other comprehensive income: 
 Unrealized gains and losses: 
 Unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities arising during the period 
 Tax effect 
 Net of tax 
 Reclassification adjustment for realized gains included in net income 
 Tax effect 
 Net of tax 
 Unrealized gains on cash flow hedges 
 Tax effect 
 Net of tax 
 Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses arising during this period 
 Tax effect 
 Net of tax 
 Unrealized pension plan gains: 
 Unrealized pension plan gains before reclassifications 
 Tax effect 
 Net of tax 
 Reclassification adjustment for realized losses included in net income 
 Tax effect 
 Net of tax 
 Total other comprehensive loss 
 Total comprehensive income 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

-73-

Table of Contents 

CONNECTONE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accumulated 
 Other Total 
 Additional Paid Retained Comprehensive Stockholders 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock In Capital Earnings Treasury Stock Income (Loss) Equity 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle (see note 1b. Authoritative Accounting Guidance Presentation ), net of tax 
 Balance as of January 1, 2021, as adjusted for changes in accounting principle 
 Net income 
 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
 Cash dividends declared on preferred stock 0.371875 per share) 
 Cash dividends declared on common stock 0.48 per share) 
 Exercise of stock options 14,247 shares) 
 Restricted stock grants, net of forfeitures 44,836 shares) 
 Stock grants 4,981 shares) 
 Net shares issued in satisfaction of deferred stock units earned 14,711 shares) 
 Net shares issued in satisfaction of performance units earned 34,458 shares) 
 Share redemption for tax withholdings on performance units and deferred stock units earned 
 Repurchase of stock 330,541 shares) 
 Proceeds from preferred stock issuance, net of costs 115,000 shares) 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Net income 
 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
 Cash dividends declared on preferred stock 1.3125 per share) 
 Cash dividends declared on common stock 0.595 per share) 
 Exercise of stock options 15,086 shares) 
 Restricted stock grants, net of forfeitures 53,169 shares) 
 Stock grants 153 shares) 
 Net shares issued in satisfaction of deferred stock units earned 31,383 shares) 
 Net shares issued in satisfaction of performance units earned 22,350 shares) 
 Share redemption for tax withholdings on performance units and deferred stock units earned 
 Repurchase of stock 447,108 shares) 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Net income 
 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
 Cash dividends declared on preferred stock 1.3125 per share) 
 Cash dividends declared on common stock 0.665 per share) 
 Exercise of stock options 7,388 shares) 
 Restricted stock grants, net of forfeitures 84,057 shares) 
 Stock grants 995 shares) 
 Net shares issued in satisfaction of deferred stock units earned 36,006 shares) 
 Net shares issued in satisfaction of performance units earned 52,353 shares) 
 Share redemption for tax withholdings on performance units and deferred stock units earned 
 Repurchase of stock 904,152 shares, including 1 excise tax) 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Balance as of December 31, 2023 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

-74-

Table of Contents 

CONNECTONE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

. Years Ended December 31, 
 2023 2022 2021 
 Cash flows from operating activities 
 Net income 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization of premises and equipment 
 Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 
 Amortization of intangibles 
 Net accretion of loans 
 Accretion on bank premises 
 Accretion on deposits 
 Amortization (accretion) on borrowings 
 Net deferred income tax expense (benefit) 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Gains on sales/redemptions of investment securities, net 
 Change in fair value of equity securities, net 
 Gain on sale of loans held-for-sale, net 
 Gain on sale of branches 
 Net losses on disposition of other fixed assets 
 Gain (loss) on sale of other real estate owned 
 Loans originated for resale 
 Proceeds from sale of loans held-for-sale 
 Increase in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance 
 Amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on investments securities, net 
 Amortization of subordinated debt issuance costs 
 (Increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable 
 Net change in operating leases 
 (Increase) decrease in other assets 
 Increase (decrease) in other liabilities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 Investment securities available-for-sale: 
 Purchases 
 Maturities, calls and principal repayments 
 Net (purchases)/redemptions of restricted investment in bank stocks 
 Purchases of equity securities 
 Loans held-for-sale payments 
 Net increase in loans 
 Cash flow hedge premium payment 
 Purchases of premises and equipment 
 Purchases of bank owned life insurance 
 Proceeds from disposition of fixed assets 
 Proceeds from sale of branches 
 Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 Cash flows from financing activities 
 Net increase in deposits 
 Repayment of subordinated debt 
 Advances of Federal Holme Loan Bank ("FHLB") borrowings 
 Repayments of FHLB borrowings 
 Cash dividends paid on preferred stock 
 Cash dividends paid on common stock 
 Proceeds from preferred stock offering 
 Purchase of treasury stock 
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 Share redemption for tax withholdings on performance units and deferred stock units earned 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 
 Cash payments for: 
 Interest paid 
 Income taxes paid 
 Supplemental disclosures of noncash investing activities: 
 Transfer of loans to other real estate owned 
 Transfer of loans held-for-sale to loans held-for-investment 
 Transfer of loans held-for-investment to loans held-for-sale 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

-75-

Table of Contents 

CONNECTONE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For available-for-sale investment securities which are in an unrealized loss position, the Company will first assess whether we intend to sell, or it is more likely than not, that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria is met, the amortized cost basis of the security is written down to fair value through income. For available-for-sale investment securities that do not meet the aforementioned criteria, we evaluate whether the decline in fair value has resulted from an actual or estimated credit loss event or other factors. In making this assessment, we consider the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, changes to the rating of the security, and adverse conditions specifically related to the security, among other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss is likely, the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security are compared to the amortized cost basis of the security. If the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis, an allowance for credit losses is recorded for the estimated credit loss, limited by the amount that the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. Any impairment that has not been recorded through an allowance for credit loss is recognized in other comprehensive income, net of tax. The Company elected the practical expedient of zero loss estimates for securities issued by U.S. government entities and agencies. These securities are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government, are highly rated by major agencies and have a long history of no credit losses. 
 
 segments of loans: commercial, commercial real estate, commercial construction, residential real estate (including home equity) and consumer. 

Loans that are days past due are placed on nonaccrual and previously accrued interest is reversed and charged against interest income unless the loans are both well-secured and in the process of collection. Past due status is based on the contractual terms of the loan. In certain cases, loans are placed on nonaccrual or charged-off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. Nonaccrual loans include both smaller balance homogeneous loans that are collectively evaluated for credit losses and loans individually analyzed for credit losses. 
 
 All interest accrued but not received for loans placed on nonaccrual is reversed against interest income. Interest received on such loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. 
 
 The policy of the Company is to grant commercial, residential and consumer loans to residents and businesses within the market-areas served by its offices in New Jersey, New York and Florida. The borrowers abilities to repay their obligations are dependent upon various factors including the borrowers income and net worth, cash flows generated by the borrowers underlying collateral, value of the underlying collateral, and priority of the lender s lien on the property. Such factors are dependent upon various economic conditions and individual circumstances beyond the control of the Company. The Company is therefore subject to risk of loss. The Company believes its lending policies and procedures adequately minimize the potential exposure to such risks and that adequate provisions for credit losses are provided for all known and inherent risks. Collateral and/or personal guarantees are required for a large majority of the Company s loans. 

Expected credit losses of financial assets are measured on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk characteristic(s) exist. If the Company determines that a financial asset does not share risk characteristics with other financial assets, the Company will evaluate the financial asset for expected credit losses on an individual basis. Financial assets are assessed once, either through collective assessments or individual assessments. Standard expected losses are evaluated on a collective, or pool, basis when financial assets share similar risk characteristics. For pooled loan segments, utilizing a quantitative analysis, the Company calculates estimated credit losses using a probability of default and loss given default methodology, the results of which are applied to the aggregated discounted cash flow of each individual loan within the segment. In the absence of relevant and reliable internal data, probability of default and loss given default rates are determined using peer data. The point in time probability of default and loss given default are then conditioned by macroeconomic scenarios to incorporate reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. Financial assets may be segmented based on one characteristic, or a combination of characteristics. Examples of risk characteristics relevant to the Company s evaluation include, but were not limited to: 1 Internal or external credit scores or credit ratings, 2 Risk ratings or classifications, 3 Financial asset type, 4 Collateral type, 5 Size, 6 Effective interest rate, 7 Term, 8 Geographical location, 9 Industry of the borrower and 10 Vintage. 
 
 The Company s quantitative analysis also considers relevant available information from internal and external sources related to past events and current conditions, as well as the incorporation of reasonable and supportable forecasts. The Company evaluates a variety of factors including third party economic forecasts, industry trends and other available published economic information in arriving at its forecasts. After the reasonable and supportable forecast period, the Company reverts, on a straight-line basis, to average historical losses. Expected credit losses are estimated over the contractual term of the loans, adjusted for expected prepayments when appropriate. 
 
 Included in the allowance for credit losses are qualitative reserves to cover losses that are expected but, in the Company s assessment, may not be adequately represented in the quantitative analysis or the forecasts described above. Each qualitative loss factor, for each loan segment within the portfolio, incorporates consideration for a minimum to maximum range for loss factors derived from either the Company s historical loss experience, or peer group historical charge-off experience. These qualitative factor adjustments may increase or decrease the Company s estimate of expected credit losses and are applied to each loan segment. 
 
 The Bank evaluates individual instruments for expected credit losses when those instruments do not share similar risk characteristics with instruments evaluated using a collective (pooled) basis. The Company evaluates the pooling methodology at least annually. Loans transition from defined segments for individual analysis when credit characteristics, or risk traits, change in a material manner. A loan is considered for individual analysis when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by the Company in determining individual analysis include payment status and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments, when due. 
 
 Nonaccrual loans that are or higher and all purchased credit-deteriorated ("PCD") loans are individually analyzed. For loans designated as nonaccrual with balances of less than , these loans are collectively evaluated, and, accordingly, are not separately identified for analysis or disclosures. Instruments will not be included in either collective and individual analysis. Individual analysis will establish a specific reserve for instruments in scope. 
 
 For collateral dependent loans, when it is determined that a foreclosure is probable, the allowance for credit losses is determined on a loan level basis using the fair value of the collateral as of the reporting date, less estimated disposition costs net fair value ), which will ensure that the credit loss is not delayed until the time at which the actual foreclosure takes place. In the event that this fair value is less than then amortized cost basis of these specific loans, the Company will recognize the difference between the net fair value at the reporting date and the amortized cost basis in the allowance for credit losses. If the fair value of the collateral has increased as of the evaluation date, the increase in the fair value of the collateral is reflected through a reduction in the allowance for credit losses. Adjustments for estimated disposition costs are not appropriate when the repayment of a collateral-dependent loan is expected from the operation of the collateral. If repayment is based upon future expected cash flows, the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s original effective interest rate is compared to the carrying value of the loan, and any shortfall is recorded as the allowance for credit losses. The effective interest rate used to discount expected cash flows is adjusted to incorporate expected prepayments, if applicable. 

to years. Leasehold improvements are depreciated using the straight-line method over the terms of the respective leases, or the estimated useful lives of the improvements, whichever is shorter. Furniture, fixtures and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method with useful lives ranging from to years. 

The Company accounts for its defined benefit pension plan in accordance with FASB ASC 715 - 30. FASB ASC 715 - 30 requires that the funded status of defined benefit postretirement plans be recognized on the Company s statement of financial condition and changes in the funded status be reflected in other comprehensive income. FASB ASC 715 - 30 also requires companies to measure the funded status of the plan as of the date of its fiscal year-end. 
 
 The Company maintains a 401 (k)-employee savings plan to provide for defined contributions which covers substantially all employees of the Company. Employee 401 (k) and profit-sharing plan expense is the amount of matching contributions. 
 
 and shares, respectively, under board-approved share repurchase programs. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, The Inflation Reduction Act, P.L. 117 - 169, was signed into law. The act included a new Sec. 4501 that imposes an excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded corporations. 
 
 In general, and before considering exceptions, the amount of the excise tax is equal to 1 of 1 the aggregate fair market value (FMV) of stock repurchased by a corporation, over 2 the aggregate FMV of stock issued by the corporation, in each case, during the tax year. The excise tax applies to repurchases of stock by corporations beginning after December 31, 2022. The excise tax is not deductible for purposes of computing U.S. federal income tax (Sec. 275 (a)( 6 )). 
 
 On December 27, 2022, Treasury and the IRS released Notice 2023 - 2, which announced that they intend to issue proposed regulations with respect to the excise tax. The notice provides interim guidance that Treasury and the Service generally intend to include in the proposed regulations, including several examples that illustrate the application of the rules set forth in the notice. Treasury and the IRS anticipate that the proposed regulations will be consistent with the guidance provided in the notice. In addition, until the issuance of the proposed regulations, taxpayers are permitted to rely on the operating rules set forth in Section 3 of the notice. The proposed regulations are anticipated to apply to repurchases of stock made after December 31, 2022, and to issuances of stock made during a tax year ending after December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2023, the Company accrued million related to the excise tax through equity. 

impairment charge was deemed necessary as of the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 . 

Earnings allocated to participating securities 
 Income attributable to common stock 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding, including participating securities 
 Weighted average participating securities 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding 
 Incremental shares from assumed conversions of options, deferred stock units, performance units and restricted stock 
 Weighted average common and equivalent shares outstanding 
 Earnings per common share: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 

There were no antidilutive common share equivalents as of December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 . 

Residential mortgage pass-through securities 
 Commercial mortgage pass-through securities 
 Obligations of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
 Corporate bonds and notes 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Other securities 
 Total investment securities available-for-sale 

Residential mortgage pass-through securities 
 Commercial mortgage pass-through securities 
 Obligations of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
 Corporate bonds and notes 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Other securities 
 Total investment securities available-for-sale 

Investment securities having a carrying value of approximately million and million as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively, were pledged to secure public deposits, borrowings, Federal Reserve Discount Window borrowings and Federal Home Loan Bank advances and for other purposes required or permitted by law. As of December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022, there were holdings of securities of any one issuer, other than the U.S. Government and its agencies, in an amount greater than 10 of stockholders equity. 
 
 The following table presents information for investment securities available-for-sale as of December 31, 2023 , based on scheduled maturities. Actual maturities can be expected to differ from scheduled maturities due to prepayment or early call options of the issuer. Securities not due at a single maturity date are shown separately. 

Due after one year through five years 
 Due after five years through ten years 
 Due after ten years 
 Residential mortgage pass-through securities 
 Commercial mortgage pass-through securities 
 Other securities 
 Total investment securities available-for-sale 

Gross gains and losses from the sales and redemptions of investment securities for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Gross gains on sale/redemption of investment securities 
 Gross losses on sale/redemption of investment securities 
 Net gains on sales/redemptions of investment securities 
 Tax provision on net gains 
 Net gains on sale/redemption of investment securities, after tax 

Impairment Analysis of Available-for-Sale Debt Securities 
 
 The following tables indicate gross unrealized losses for which an ACL has not been recorded, aggregated by investment category and by the length of continuous time individual securities have been in an unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 . 

Residential mortgage pass-through securities 
 Commercial mortgage pass-through securities 
 Obligations of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
 Corporate bonds and notes 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Total temporarily impaired securities 

Residential mortgage pass-through securities 
 Commercial mortgage pass-through securities 
 Obligations of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
 Corporate bonds and notes 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Total temporarily impaired securities 

On January 1, 2021, the Company adopted ASU 2016 - 13 and implemented the CECL methodology for allowance for credit losses on its investment securities available-for-sale. The new CECL methodology replaces the other-than-temporary impairment model that previously existed. The Company did not have a CECL day 1 impact attributable to its investment securities portfolio and did not have an allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2023 . The Company has elected to exclude accrued interest from the amortized cost of its investment securities available-for-sale. Accrued interest receivable for investment securities available for sale as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 , totaled million and million, respectively. 

The Company evaluates securities in an unrealized loss position for impairment related to credit losses on at least a quarterly basis. Securities in unrealized loss positions are first assessed as to whether we intend to sell, or if it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If one of the criteria is met, the security s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through current earnings. For securities that do not meet these criteria, the Company evaluates whether the decline in fair value resulted from credit losses or other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists, we compare the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security with the amortized cost basis of the security. If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis for the security, a credit loss exists and an allowance for credit losses is recorded, limited to the amount that the fair value of the security is less than its amortized cost basis. Unrealized losses on asset backed securities and state and municipal securities have not been recognized into income because the issuers are of high credit quality, we do not intend to sell, and it is likely that we will not be required to sell the securities prior to their anticipated recovery. The decline in fair value is largely due to changes in interest rates and other market conditions. The issuers continue to make timely principal and interest payments on the securities. Any impairment that has not been recorded through an allowance for credit losses is recognized in other comprehensive income, net of applicable taxes. allowance for credit losses for available-for-sale securities was recorded as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Federal agency obligations, residential mortgage-backed pass-through securities and commercial mortgage-backed pass-through securities are issued by U.S. Government agencies and U.S. Government sponsored enterprises. Although a government guarantee exists on these investments, these entities are not legally backed by the full faith and credit of the federal government, and the current support they receive is subject to a cap as part of the agreement entered into in 2008. Nonetheless, at this time we do not foresee any set of circumstances in which the government would not fund its commitments on these investments as the issuers are an integral part of the U.S. housing market in providing liquidity and stability. Therefore, we concluded that a zero -allowance approach for these investment securities is appropriate. 

Commercial real estate 
 Commercial construction 
 Residential real estate 
 Consumer 
 Gross loans 
 Net deferred fees 
 Loans receivable 

1 Includes PPP loans of million and million as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 , and 2022 , loan balances of approximately billion and billion, respectively, were pledged to secure borrowings from the FHLB of New York and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. During 2023, the Company took actions to increase its secured borrowing access and increase levels of off-balance sheet liquidity and as such increased the amount of loans pledged to each of these borrowing facilities. 
 
 The repayment of commercial loans is generally dependent on the creditworthiness and cash flow of borrowers, and if applicable, guarantors, which may be negatively impacted by adverse economic conditions. While the majority of these loans are secured, collateral type, marketing, coverage, valuation and monitoring is not as uniform as in other portfolio classes and recovery from liquidation of such collateral may be subject to greater variability. 
 
 Payment on commercial real estate is driven principally by operating results of the managed properties or underlying business and secondarily by the sale or refinance of such properties. Both primary and secondary sources of repayment, and value of the properties in liquidation, may be affected to a greater extent by adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy in general. 
 
 Properties underlying construction, land and land development loans often do not generate sufficient cash flows to service debt and thus repayment is subject to the ability of the borrower and, if applicable, guarantors, to complete development or construction of the property and carry the project, often for extended periods of time. As a result, the performance of these loans is contingent upon future events whose probability at the time of origination is uncertain. 
 
 The ability of borrowers to service debt in the residential and consumer loan portfolios is generally subject to personal income which may be impacted by general economic conditions, such as increased unemployment levels. These loans are predominately collateralized by first and/or second liens on single family properties. If a borrower cannot maintain the loan, the Company s ability to recover against the collateral in sufficient amount and in a timely manner may be significantly influenced by market, legal and regulatory conditions. 
 
 The Company considers loan classes and loan segments to be one and the same. 

Loans Held-For-Sale : The following table presents loans held-for-sale by loan segment as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 : 

Residential real estate 
 Total carrying amount 

Loans Receivable on Nonaccrual Status - The following tables present nonaccrual loans with an allowance for credit loss ACL as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 and nonaccrual loans without an ACL as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022: 

Commercial real estate 
 Residential real estate 
 Total 

Commercial real estate 
 Residential real estate 
 Total 

Nonaccrual loans include loans that are collectively evaluated and individually analyzed. 

Credit Quality Indicators The Company continuously monitors the credit quality of its loans receivable. In addition to its internal monitoring, the Company utilizes the services of a third -party loan review firm to periodically validate the credit quality of its loans receivable on a sample basis. Credit quality is monitored by reviewing certain credit quality indicators. Assets classified as Pass are deemed to possess average to superior credit quality, requiring no more than normal attention. Assets classified as Special Mention have generally acceptable credit quality yet possess higher risk characteristics/circumstances than satisfactory assets. Such conditions include strained liquidity, slow pay, stale financial statements, or other conditions that require more stringent attention from the lending staff. These conditions, if not corrected, may weaken the loan quality or inadequately protect the Company s credit position at some future date. Assets are classified as Substandard if the asset has a well-defined weakness that requires management s attention to a greater degree than for loans classified as special mention. Such weakness, if left uncorrected, could possibly result in the compromised ability of the loan to perform to contractual requirements. An asset is classified as Doubtful if it is inadequately protected by the net worth and/or paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral, if any, that secures the obligation. Assets classified as doubtful include assets for which there is a distinct possibility that a degree of loss will occur if the inadequacies are not corrected. 

We evaluate whether a modification, extension or renewal of a loan is a current period origination in accordance with GAAP. Generally, loans up for renewal are subject to a full credit evaluation before the renewal is granted and such loans are considered current period originations for purpose of the table below. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 , our loans based on year of origination and risk designation are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Special mention 
 Substandard 
 Doubtful 
 Total Commercial 
 
 Commercial real estate 
 Pass 
 Special mention 
 Substandard 
 Doubtful 
 Total Commercial real estate 
 
 Commercial construction 
 Pass 
 Special mention 
 Substandard 
 Doubtful 
 Total Commercial construction 
 
 Residential real estate 
 Pass 
 Special mention 
 Substandard 
 Doubtful 
 Total Residential real estate 
 
 Consumer 
 Pass 
 Special mention 
 Substandard 
 Doubtful 
 Total Consumer 
 
 Total 
 Pass 
 Special mention 
 Substandard 
 Doubtful 
 Grand Total 

As of December 31, 2022, our loans based on year of origination and risk designation are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Special mention 
 Substandard 
 Doubtful 
 Total Commercial 
 
 Commercial real estate 
 Pass 
 Special mention 
 Substandard 
 Doubtful 
 Total Commercial real estate 
 
 Commercial construction 
 Pass 
 Special mention 
 Substandard 
 Doubtful 
 Total Commercial construction 
 
 Residential real estate 
 Pass 
 Special mention 
 Substandard 
 Doubtful 
 Total Residential real estate 
 
 Consumer 
 Pass 
 Special mention 
 Substandard 
 Doubtful 
 Total Consumer 
 
 Total 
 Pass 
 Special mention 
 Substandard 
 Doubtful 
 Grand Total 

As of December 31, 2023, our gross write-offs based on year of origination are as follows (dollars in thousands). 

Commercial real estate 
 Current period gross write-off 
 
 Commercial construction 
 Current period gross write-off 
 
 Residential real estate 
 Current period gross write-off 
 
 Consumer 
 Current period gross write-off 
 
 Total 
 Current period gross write-off 

Collateral Dependent Loans : Loans which meet certain criteria are individually analyzed as part of the process of calculating the allowance for credit losses. The evaluation is determined on an individual basis using the fair value of the collateral as of the reporting date. The following table presents collateral dependent loans that were individually analyzed as of December 31, 2023 and 2022: 

Commercial real estate 
 Commercial construction 
 Residential real estate 
 Total 

Commercial real estate 
 Commercial construction 
 Residential real estate 
 Total 

Aging Analysis - The following table provides an analysis of the aging of the loans by class, excluding the effect of net deferred fees, which are past due as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

Commercial real estate 
 Commercial construction 
 Residential real estate 
 Consumer 
 Total 

Commercial real estate 
 Commercial construction 
 Residential real estate 
 Consumer 
 Total 

The 90 days or greater past due and still accruing category reflects purchased credit-deteriorated loans, net of fair value marks, which accrete income per the valuation at date of acquisition. 

The following tables detail the amount of gross loans that are individually analyzed, collectively evaluated, and loans acquired with deteriorated quality, and the related portion of the allowance for credit losses for loans that are allocated to each loan portfolio segment. 

Collectively evaluated 
 Acquired with deteriorated credit quality 
 Total 
 Gross loans 
 Individually analyzed 
 Collectively evaluated 
 Acquired with deteriorated credit quality 
 Total 

Collectively evaluated 
 Acquired with deteriorated credit quality 
 Total 
 Gross loans 
 Individually analyzed 
 Collectively evaluated 
 Acquired with deteriorated credit quality 
 Total 

A summary of the activity in the allowance for credit losses for loans by loan segment is as follows: 

Charge-offs 
 Recoveries 
 Provision for (reversal) of credit losses 
 Balance as of December 31, 2023 

Charge-offs 
 Recoveries 
 Provision for credit losses 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

On January 1, 2021, the Company adopted CECL, which replaced the incurred loss method we used in prior periods for determining the provision for credit losses and the allowance for credit losses. Under CECL, we record an expected loss of all cash flows we do not expect to collect at the inception of the loan. The adoption of CECL resulted in an increase in our allowance for credit losses for loans of million, which did not impact our consolidated income statement. 

Day 1 Adjustment CECL 
 Balance as of January 1, 2021 
 Charge-offs 
 Recoveries 
 Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Loan Modifications to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty: 
 
 The Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU 2022 - 02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326 Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures ASU 2022 - 02 effective January 1, 2023. The amendments in ASU 2022 - 02 eliminated the recognition and measure of troubled debt restructurings and enhanced disclosures for loan modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. 
 
 The following table presents the amortized cost basis at the end of the reporting period of the loan modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty and the percentage of the amortized cost basis of loans that were modified to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty as compared to the gross loans of the relevant loan segment. The total percentage represents the total modified loans as compared to the total gross loans balance as of December 31, 2023. 

Commercial real estate 
 Total 

The above table consists of loans that added a weighted average of years to the maturity of the modified loans with term extensions, which did not have a material effect on the cash flows. For loans that had payment deferrals, the weighted average deferral period was six months. For loans that had interest rate reduction modifications, the weighted average interest rate reduction was . 
 
 The following table presents the performance of loans that have been modified in the last twelve months: 

Commercial real estate 

There were loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that had a payment default during the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 and which were modified in the twelve months prior to that default. Default is determined at 90 or more days past due, upon charge-off, or upon foreclosure. Modified loans in default are individually analyzed for the allowance for credit losses or if the modified loan is deemed uncollectible, the loan, or a portion of the loan, is written off and the allowance for credit losses is adjusted accordingly. 

Allowance for Credit Losses for Unfunded Commitments 
 
 The Company has recorded an ACL for unfunded credit commitments, which is recorded in other liabilities. The provision is recorded within the (reversal of) provision for credit losses on the Company s income statement. The following table presents the allowance for credit losses for unfunded commitments for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

(Reversal of) provision for credit losses - unfunded commitments 
 Balance as of end of period 

Components of (Reversal of) Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 The following table summarizes the provision for (reversal of) provision for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

(Reversal of) provision for credit losses - unfunded commitments 
 Provision for credit losses 

Buildings 10 - 25 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment 3 - 7 
 Leasehold improvements 10 - 20 
 Subtotal 
 Less: accumulated depreciation, amortization and fair value adjustments 
 Total premises and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense of premises and equipment was million, million and million for 2023 , 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 Finance Leases : The Company has a lease agreement for a building accounted for as a finance lease. The lease arrangement requires monthly payments through 2028. As of December 31, 2023, the weighted average remaining term for the finance lease was years and the weighted average discount rate used in the measurement of finance lease liabilities was . Total finance lease costs for the year ended December 31, 2023, was million. 
 
 The Company has included this lease in premises and equipment as follows December 31, 2023 and 2022: 

Less: accumulated amortization 

The following is a schedule by year of future minimum lease payments under the finance lease, together with the present value of net minimum lease payments as of December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands): 

2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 Total minimum lease payments 
 
 Less amount representing interest 
 Present value of net minimum lease payments 

The Company leases certain premises and equipment under operating leases. As of December 31, 2023 , the Company had lease liabilities totaling million and right-of-use assets totaling million. As of December 31, 2023 , the weighted average remaining lease term for operating leases was years and the weighted average discount rate used in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was . Total lease costs for the year ended December 31, 2023 were million. 
 
 A maturity analysis of operating lease liabilities and reconciliation of the undiscounted cash flows to the total operating lease liability is as follows: 

1 year through less than 2 years 
 2 years through less than 3 years 
 3 years through less than 4 years 
 4 years through 5 years 
 After 5 years 
 Total undiscounted cash flows 
 Impact of discounting 
 Total lease liability 

Note 6 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 
 A goodwill impairment test is required under ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other, and the FASB issued ASU No. 2011 - 08, Testing Goodwill for Impairment, allowing an initial qualitative assessment of goodwill commonly known as step zero impairment testing. In general, the step zero test allows an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not (i.e., more than 50 that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If a step zero impairment test results in the conclusion that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, then no further testing is required. 
 
 Due to recent declines in bank stock prices and events impacting the banking industry, the Company performed a quantitative impairment analysis as of December 31, 2023. The annual quantitative assessment of goodwill for the reporting unit was performed utilizing a discounted cash flow analysis ("income approach") and estimates of selected market information ("market approaches"). The income approach measures the fair value of an interest in a business by discounting expected future cash flows to present value. The market approaches take into consideration fair values of comparable companies operating in similar lines of business that are potentially subject to similar economic and environmental factors and could be considered reasonable investment alternatives. The result of the income approach was weighted 50 and the results of the market approaches comprised the remaining 50 in determining the fair value of the reporting unit. The results of the annual quantitative impairment analysis indicated that the fair value exceeded the carrying value of the reporting unit. 
 
 Based upon management s review through December 31, 2023 , the Company s goodwill was not impaired. Management concludes that the ASC 350 goodwill step zero test has been passed, and no further testing is required. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 The change in goodwill during the year is as follows: 

Acquired goodwill 
 Impairment - - 
 Balance, December 31 

Acquired Intangible Assets 
 
 The table below provides information regarding the carrying amounts and accumulated amortization of total amortized intangible assets as of the dates set forth below. 

Core deposit intangibles 
 December 31, 2022 

Aggregate amortization expense was approximately million, million and million for 2023 , 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Estimated amortization expense for each of the next five years (dollars in thousands): 

2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 

billion and billion, respectively. Included in time deposits were gross nonreciprocal brokered time deposits of million and million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 , respectively. As of December 31, 2023 , the contractual maturities of these time deposits were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 Time deposits (before net discount) 
 Fair value net discount 
 Total time deposits (after net discount) 

The amount of time deposits with balances in excess of 250,000 were million and million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 , respectively. 

1 year through less than 2 years 
 2 years through less than 3 years 
 3 years through less than 4 years 
 4 years through 5 years 
 After 5 Years 
 FHLB borrowings (before discount) 
 Fair value discount 
 FHLB borrowings (after discount) 

The FHLB borrowings are secured by pledges of certain collateral including, but not limited to, U.S. government and agency mortgage-backed securities and a blanket assignment of qualifying first lien mortgage loans, consisting of both residential mortgages and commercial real estate loans. 
 
 Advances are payable at stated maturity, with a prepayment penalty for fixed rate advances. All FHLB advances have fixed rates. The advances as of December 31, 2023 were primarily collateralized by approximately billion of commercial mortgage and residential loans, or billion net of required over collateralization amounts, under a blanket lien arrangement. As of December 31, 2023 , the Company had remaining borrowing capacity of billion approximately billion at the FHLB. 

million of MMCapS capital securities to investors due on January 23, 2034. The capital securities presently qualify as Tier I capital. The trust loaned the proceeds of this offering to the Company and received in exchange million of the Parent Corporation s subordinated debentures. The subordinated debentures are redeemable in whole or in part prior to maturity. The floating interest rate on the subordinate debentures was previously three -month LIBOR plus and reprices quarterly. Upon the cessation of publication of LIBOR rates and pursuant to the Federal LIBOR Act and Federal Reserve regulations implementing the Act, applicable US Dollar LIBOR indexed instruments like the Company s outstanding million of MMCapS capital securities converted effective June 30, 2023 to a new index based on CME Term SOFR, as defined in the LIBOR Act, plus a tenor spread adjustment, which is referred to as the Benchmark Replacement. Therefore, effective for quarterly interest rate resets after July 3, 2023 the subordinated debentures floating rate will be three -month CME Term SOFR plus plus a tenor spread adjust of . The rate as of December 31, 2023 was . These subordinated debentures and the related income effects are not eliminated in the consolidated financial statements, as the statutory business trust is not consolidated in accordance with FASB ASC 810 - 10. Distributions on the subordinated debentures owned by the subsidiary trust have been classified as interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 The following table summarizes the mandatory redeemable trust preferred securities of the Company s Statutory Trust II as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 . 
 
 1,000 per Capital Security Floating 3-month CME Term SOFR + 285 Basis Points + 26.161 Basis Points 1/23/2034 1/23/2009 

1,000 per Capital Security Floating 3-month LIBOR + 285 Basis Points 1/23/2034 1/23/2009 

On June 10, 2020, the Parent Corporation issued million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes (the 2020 Notes ). The 2020 Notes bear interest at annually from, and including, the date of initial issuance to, but excluding, June 15, 2025 or the date of earlier redemption, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, commencing December 15, 2020. From and including June 15, 2025 through maturity or earlier redemption, the interest rate shall reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to a benchmark rate, which is expected to be Three-Month Term SOFR (as defined in the Second Supplemental Indenture), plus basis points, payable quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 of each year, commencing on September 15, 2025. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the benchmark rate is less than zero, then the benchmark rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
 
 On January 11, 2018, the Parent Corporation issued million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes (the 2018 Notes ). The 2018 Notes bore interest at a rate that resets quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then current three -month LIBOR rate plus basis points payable quarterly in arrears. Interest on the 2018 Notes was to be paid on February 1, May 1, August 1, and November 1, of each year to but excluding the stated maturity date, unless in any case previously redeemed. The 2018 Notes were redeemed in full on February 1, 2023. 
 
 During June 2015, the Parent Corporation issued million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes (the 2015 Notes ). As of December 31, 2020, the 2015 Notes had a stated maturity of July 1, 2025, and bore interest until the maturity date or early redemption date at a variable rate equal to the then current three -month LIBOR rate plus basis points. As of December 31, 2020, the variable interest rate was , all costs related to 2015 issuance had been amortized and the 2015 Notes were redeemed in full on January 1, 2021. 

State 
 Subtotal 
 Deferred: 
 Federal 
 State 
 Subtotal 
 Income tax expense 

Actual income tax expense differs from the tax computed based on pre-tax income and the applicable statutory federal tax rate for the following reasons (dollars in thousands) December 31, 

Federal statutory rate 
 Computed expected Federal income tax expense 
 State tax, net of federal tax benefit 
 162M adjustment 
 Bank owned life insurance 
 Tax-exempt interest and dividends 
 Tax benefits from stock-based compensation 
 Other, net 
 Income tax expense 

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax asset and deferred tax liability as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 are presented in the following table: 

Depreciation 
 Pension actuarial losses 
 New Jersey net operating loss 
 Deferred compensation 
 Unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities 
 Deferred loan costs, net of fees 
 Finance lease 
 Nonaccrual interest 
 Operating lease liability 
 Other 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 Deferred tax liabilities 
 Employee benefit plans 
 Purchase accounting 
 Depreciation 
 Prepaid expenses 
 Unrealized gains on derivatives 
 Right of use asset 
 Other 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 
 Net deferred tax assets 

In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, the projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. During 2023 and 2022, based on the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, the Company believes the net deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized. There are unrecorded tax benefits, and the Company does not expect the total amount of unrecognized income tax benefits to significantly increase in the next twelve months. 
 
 The Company s federal income tax returns are open and subject to examination from the 2020 tax return year and forward. The Company s state income tax returns are generally open from the 2019 and later tax return years based on individual state statutes of limitations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company has million in New Jersey net operating loss (NOL). The NOL is set to expire on December 31, 2040. 

shares, or million in aggregate liquidation preference, of its depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of the Company s Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, par value, with a liquidation preference of per share. The net proceeds received from the issuance of preferred stock at the time of closing were million. 

Home equity and other revolving lines of credit 
 Outstanding commercial mortgage loan commitments 
 Standby letters of credit 
 Overdraft protection lines 
 Total 

The Company is subject to claims and lawsuits that arise in the ordinary course of business. Based upon the information currently available in connection with such claims, it is the opinion of management that the disposition or ultimate determination of such claims will not have a material adverse impact on the consolidated financial position, results of operations, or liquidity of the Company. 

Originations and drawdowns 
 Repayments 
 Balance, December 31 

Deposits from principal officers, directors, and their affiliates as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 were million and million respectively. 
 
 The Company has had, and may be expected to have in the future, banking transactions in the ordinary course of business with its executive officers, directors, principal stockholders, their immediate families and affiliated companies (commonly referred to as related parties). The Company leases banking offices from related party entities. In addition, the Company also utilizes an advertising and public relations agency at which one of the Company s directors is President and CEO and a principal owner. For these transactions, the expenses are not significant to the operations of the Company. 

The following is a summary of the Bank s and the Parent Corporation s actual capital amounts and ratios as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 , compared to the FRB and FDIC minimum capital adequacy requirements and the FDIC requirements for classification as a well-capitalized institution. 

Risk-Based Capital: 
 CET 1 
 Tier 1 
 Total 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 Leverage (Tier 1) capital 
 Risk-Based Capital: 
 CET 1 
 Tier 1 
 Total 

N/A N/A 
 Risk-Based Capital: 
 CET 1 N/A N/A 
 Tier 1 N/A N/A 
 Total N/A N/A 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 Leverage (Tier 1) capital N/A N/A 
 Risk-Based Capital: 
 CET 1 N/A N/A 
 Tier 1 N/A N/A 
 Total N/A N/A 

As of December 31, 2023 , both the Company and Bank satisfy the capital conservation buffer requirements applicable to them. The lowest ratio at the Company is the Total Risk Capital Ratio which was above the minimum buffer ratio and, at the Bank, the lowest ratio was the Total Risk Based Capital Ratio which was above the minimum buffer ratio. 

Net gains on sale of investment securities 
 Income tax expense 
 
 Net interest income (expense) on derivatives Interest income (expense) 
 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 
 Amortization of pension plan net actuarial losses Salaries and employee benefits 
 Income tax benefit 
 
 Total reclassification 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 consisted of the following: 
 Derivatives, net of tax 
 Defined benefit pension, net of tax 
 Total 

Interest cost 
 Actuarial (gain) loss 
 Benefits paid 
 Projected benefit obligation as of December 31, 
 Change in Plan Assets: 
 Fair value of plan assets as of January 1, 
 Actual return on plan assets 
 Benefits paid 
 Fair value of plan assets as of December 31, 
 Funded status 

The accumulated benefit obligation was million for both years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 . 

Amounts recognized as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss as of the periods presented that have not been recognized as a component of the net periodic pension expense for the plan are presented in the following table. As of December 31, 2023, the Company expects to recognize approximately million of the net actuarial loss as a component of net periodic pension expense during 2024. 

The pre-tax, net periodic pension expense (income) and other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2023 , 2022 and 2021 includes the following: 

Expected return on plan assets 
 Net amortization 
 Total net periodic pension income 
 
 Total unrealized gain recognized in other comprehensive income 
 Realized losses included in net income 
 Total recognized in net periodic pension income and other comprehensive income 

The following table presents the weighted average assumptions used to determine the pension benefit obligations as of December 31, for the following periods. 

Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A 

The following table presents the weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic pension cost for the following three years: 

Expected long-term return on plan assets 
 Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A N/A 

The process of determining the overall expected long-term rate of return on plan assets begins with a review of appropriate investment data, including current yields on fixed income securities, historical investment data, historical plan performance and forecasts of inflation and future total returns for the various asset classes. This data forms the basis for the construction of a best-estimate range of real investment returns for each asset class. A weighted average real-return range is computed reflecting the plan s expected asset mix, and that range, when combined with an expected inflation range, produces an overall best-estimate expected return range. Specific factors such as the plan s investment policy, reinvestment risk and investment volatility are taken into consideration during the construction of the best estimate real return range, as well as in the selection of the final return assumption from within the range. 
 
 Plan Assets 
 
 The general investment policy of the Pension Trust is for the fund to experience growth in assets that will allow the market value to exceed the value of benefit obligations over time. The Company s pension plan asset allocation as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 , target allocation, and expected long-term rate of return by asset are as follows: 

International 
 Debt and/or fixed income securities 
 Cash and other alternative investments, including real estate funds, commodity funds, hedge funds and equity structured notes 
 Total 

The fair values of the Company s pension plan assets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 , by asset class, are as follows: 

Equity securities: 
 U.S. companies 
 International companies 
 Debt and/or fixed income securities 
 Commodity funds 
 Real estate funds 
 Total 

Equity securities: 
 U.S. companies 
 International companies 
 Debt and/or fixed income securities 
 Commodity funds 
 Real estate funds 
 Total 

Fair Value of Plan Assets 
 
 The Company used the following valuation methods and assumptions to estimate the fair value of assets held by the plan (for further information on fair value methods, see Note 20 ): 
 
 Equity securities and real estate funds : The fair values for equity securities and real estate funds are determined by quoted market prices, if available (Level 1 ). For securities where quoted prices are not available, fair values are calculated based on market prices of similar securities (Level 2 ). 

Debt and fixed income securities : Certain debt securities are valued at the closing price reported in the active market in which the bond is traded (Level 1 inputs). Other debt securities are valued based upon recent bid prices or the average of recent bid and asked prices when available (Level 2 inputs) and, if not available, they are valued through matrix pricing models developed by sources considered by management to be reliable. Matrix pricing, which is a mathematical technique commonly used to price debt securities that are not actively traded, values debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for the specific securities but rather by relying on the securities relationship to other benchmark quoted securities (Level 2 inputs). For securities where quoted prices or market prices of similar securities are not available, fair values are calculated using discounted cash flows or other market indicators (Level 3 ). Discounted cash flows are calculated using spread to continuous yield or quoted market pricing curves. During times when trading is more liquid, broker quotes are used (if available) to validate the model. Rating agency and industry research reports as well as defaults and deferrals on individual securities are reviewed and incorporated into the calculations. 
 
 The investment manager is not authorized to purchase, acquire or otherwise hold certain types of market securities (subordinated bonds, real estate investment trusts, limited partnerships, naked puts, naked calls, stock index futures, oil, gas or mineral exploration ventures or unregistered securities) or to employ certain types of market techniques (margin purchases or short sales) or to mortgage, pledge, hypothecate, or in any manner transfer as security for indebtedness, any security owned or held by the Plan. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Contributions 
 
 The Bank does not expect to make a contribution in 2024. 
 
 Estimated Future Benefit Payments 
 
 The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, for the following years are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 2029 - 2033 

401 (k) Plan 
 
 The Company maintains a 401 (k) plan to provide for defined contributions which covers substantially all employees of the Company. Beginning with the 2014 plan year, the 401 (k) plan was amended to provide for a match of of elective contributions, up to 6 of an employee s contribution. In 2018, the 401 (k) plan was amended to provide for matching of employee contributions up to 5 of employee contributions. For 2023 , 2022 and 2021 , employer contributions amounted to million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP 
 
 During 2019 and in 2022, the Company adopted supplemental executive retirement plans SERP s for the benefit of several of its executive officers. Each SERP is a non-qualified plan which provides supplemental retirement benefits to the participating officers of the Company. SERP compensation expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

. Grants under the Plan can be in the form of stock options (qualified or non-qualified), restricted shares, restricted share units or performance units. Shares available for grant and issuance under the Plan as of December 31, 2023 are approximately . The Company intends to issue all shares under the Plan in the form of newly issued shares. 
 
 Restricted stock, options and deferred stock units typically have a three -year vesting period starting one year after the date of grant with one - third vesting each year. The options generally expire ten years from the date of the grant. Restricted stock granted to new employees and board members may be granted with shorter vesting periods. Grants of performance units typically have a cliff vesting after three years or upon a change of control. All issuances are subject to forfeiture if the recipient leaves or is terminated prior to the awards vesting. Restricted shares have the same dividend and voting rights as common stock, while options, performance units and deferred stock units do not. 
 
 All awards are issued at the fair value of the underlying shares at the grant date. The Company expenses the cost of the awards, which is determined to be the fair market value of the awards at the date of grant, ratably over the vesting period. Forfeiture rates are not estimated but are recorded as incurred. Stock-based compensation expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

Activity under the Company s options for the year ended December 31, 2023 was as follows: 
 
 - 
 Granted - 
 Exercised - 
 Forfeited/cancelled/expired - 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2023 - 
 
 Exercisable as of December 31, 2023 - 

The aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding and exercisable options above represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value (the difference between the Company s closing stock price on December 31, 2023 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on December 31, 2023 . This amount changes based on the fair market value of the Company s stock. 
 
 Activity under the Company s restricted shares for year ended December 31, 2023 was as follows: 

Granted 
 Vested 
 Cancelled/netted 
 Nonvested December 31, 2023 

As of December 31, 2023 , there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted shares granted. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 A summary of the status of unearned performance unit awards and the change during the period is presented in the table below: 

Awarded 
 Vested shares 
 Unearned as of December 31, 2023 

As of December 31, 2023, the specific number of shares related to performance units that were expected to vest was , determined by actual performance in consideration of the established range of the performance targets, which is consistent with the level of expense currently being recognized over the vesting period. Should this expectation change, additional compensation expense could be recorded in future periods or previously recognized expense could be reversed. As of December 31, 2023, the maximum amount of performance units that ultimately could vest if performance targets were exceeded is . During the year ended December 31, 2023, shares vested. A total of shares were netted from the vested shares to satisfy employee tax obligations. The net shares issued from vesting of performance units during the year ended December 31, 2023 were shares. As of December 31, 2023, compensation cost of approximately million related to non-vested performance units not yet recognized is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 A summary of the status of unearned deferred stock units and the changes in deferred stock units during the period is presented in the table below: 

Awarded 
 Vested shares 
 Unearned as of December 31, 2023 

Any forfeitures would result in previously recognized expense being reversed. A portion of the shares that vest will be netted out to satisfy the tax obligations of the recipient. During the year ended December 31, 2023, shares vested. A total of shares were netted from the vested shares to satisfy employee tax obligations. The net shares issued from vesting of deferred stock units during the year ended December 31, 2023 were shares. As of December 31, 2023, compensation cost of approximately million related to non-vested deferred stock units, not yet recognized, is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

million was available for payment of dividends based on regulatory guidelines. 

pay fixed-rate interest rate swaps, with a total notional amount of million, all of which were entered into in 2021 and 2022. These are designated as cash flow hedges of current, Federal Home Loan Bank advances. We are required to pay fixed rates of interest ranging from to and receive variable rates of interest that reset quarterly based on the daily compounding secured overnight financing rate SOFR ). All swaps carry expiration dates on the eleven positions ranging from December 2025 to March 2028. The swaps are determined to be fully effective during the period presented and therefore no amount of ineffectiveness has been included in net income. Therefore, the aggregate fair value of the swap is recorded in other assets (liabilities) with changes in fair value recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). The amount included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) would be reclassified to current earnings should the hedges no longer be considered effective. The Company expects the hedges to remain fully effective during the remaining term of the swaps. 
 
 The Company previously entered into one forward starting interest rate cap spread transaction, with a total notional amount of million, which became effective on October 1, 2022 and matures in October of 2027 and one additional interest rate cap spread transaction, with a total notional amount of million, which became effective in November 2022 and matures in November of 2027. These are designated as cash flow hedges of brokered certificates of deposits, and the interest rate cap spread is indexed to a benchmark of fed funds with payment required on a monthly basis. The structure of these instruments is such that the Company entered into a total of 225 million in notional amount of sold interest rate cap agreements, in which we are required to pay the counterparty an incremental amount if the index rate exceeds a set cap rate. Simultaneously, the Company purchased a total of million notional amount of interest rate cap agreements in which we receive an incremental amount if the index rate is above a set cap rate. No payments are required if the index rate is at, or below, the cap rate on the sold or purchased interest rate cap agreements. 
 
 Interest (income) expense recorded on these swap and cap transactions totaled approximately ) million, ) million, and million during 2023, 2022, and 2021 is reported as a component of either interest expense on FHLB Advances or brokered certificates of deposits. 

The following table presents the net gains (losses), recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and the Consolidated Statements of Income relating to the cash flow derivative instruments for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022: 

The following table reflects the cash flow hedges included in the Consolidated Statements of Condition as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 : 

There were net gains (losses) recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or in the Consolidated Statement of Income relating to cash flow derivative instruments for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 . 

For financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, the fair value measurements by level within the fair value hierarchy used as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Residential mortgage pass-through securities 
 Commercial mortgage pass-through securities 
 Obligations of U.S. states and political subdivision 
 Corporate bonds and notes 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Certificates of deposit 
 Other securities 
 Total available-for-sale 
 
 Equity securities 
 Derivatives - interest rate contracts 
 Total assets 

There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 . 

Residential mortgage pass-through securities 
 Commercial mortgage pass-through securities 
 Obligations of U.S. states and political subdivision 
 Corporate bonds and notes 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Certificates of deposit 
 Other securities 
 Total available-for-sale 
 
 Equity securities 
 Derivatives - interest rate contracts 
 Total assets 

Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
 
 The Company may be required periodically to measure certain assets at fair value on a non-recurring basis in accordance with GAAP. These adjustments to fair value usually result from the application of lower of cost or fair value accounting or impairment write-downs of individual assets. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values of the Company s assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 : 

Collateral Dependent Loans: The Company may record adjustments to the carrying value of loans based on fair value measurements, either as specific reserves or as partial charge-offs of the uncollectible portions of these loans. Specific reserves are calculated in accordance with GAAP. Specific reserves are generally based on the fair value of the underlying collateral supporting the loan and, as a result, the carrying value of the loan less the specific reserve amount applicable to that loan does not necessarily represent the fair value of the loan. Real estate collateral is valued using independent appraisals or other indications of value based on recent comparable sales of similar properties or assumptions generally observable by market participants. However, due to the substantial judgment applied and limited volume of activity as compared to other assets, fair value is based on Level 3 inputs. Estimates of fair value used for collateral supporting commercial loans generally are based on assumptions not observable in the marketplace and are also based on Level 3 inputs. 
 
 For assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, the fair value measurements as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Commercial real estate 

Commercial real estate 
 Residential real estate 

Collateral dependent loans - Collateral dependent loans as of December 31, 2023 that required a valuation allowance were million with a related valuation allowance of million. 
 
 Collateral dependent loans - Collateral dependent loans as of December 31, 2022 that required a valuation allowance were million with a valuation allowance of million. 

Assets Measured With Significant Unobservable Level 3 Inputs 
 
 Recurring basis 
 
 The tables below present a reconciliation of all assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and year ended December 31, 2022 : 

Principal paydowns 
 Changes in unrealized gain (loss) 
 Ending balance, December 31, 2023 

Principal paydowns 
 Changes in unrealized gain (loss) 
 Ending balance, December 31, 2022 

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values of the Company s assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 . The table below provides quantitative information about significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurements within Level 3 hierarchy. 
 
 Discounted cash flows Discount rate 

Discounted cash flows Discount rate 

Non-recurring basis 
 
 The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values of the Company s assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis for the periods presented. The tables below provide quantitative information about significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurements within Level 3 hierarchy. 
 
 Appraisals of collateral Adjustment for comparable sales -7.5 to +25 (+.1 
 Commercial real estate loans Appraisals of collateral Adjustment for comparable sales -15 to +0 (-10.3 

Market approach (100 Average transfer price as a price to unpaid principal balance 65 to 96 (67 
 Commercial loans Appraisals of collateral Adjustment for comparable sales -10 to +13 (+3 
 Commercial real estate loans Appraisals of collateral Adjustment for comparable sales -20 to +0 (-15 
 Residential real estate loans Appraisals of collateral Adjustment for comparable sales +21 to +39 (22 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 FASB ASC 825 - 10 requires all entities to disclose the estimated fair value of their financial instrument assets and liabilities. For the Company, as for most financial institutions, the majority of its assets and liabilities are considered financial instruments as defined in FASB ASC 825 - 10. Many of the Company s financial instruments, however, lack an available trading market as characterized by a willing buyer and willing seller engaging in an exchange transaction. It is also the Company s general practice and intent to hold its financial instruments to maturity and not to engage in trading or sales activities except for loans held-for-sale and investment securities available-for-sale. Therefore, significant estimations and assumptions, as well as present value calculations, were used by the Company for the purposes of this disclosure. 
 
 Fair values for financial instruments must be estimated by management using techniques such as discounted cash flow analysis and comparison to similar instruments. These estimates are highly subjective and require judgments regarding significant matters, such as the amount and timing of future cash flows and the selection of discount rates that appropriately reflect market and credit risks. Changes in these judgments often have a material effect on the fair value estimates. Since these estimates are made as of a specific point in time, they are susceptible to material near-term changes. Fair values disclosed in accordance with ASC Topic 825 do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from the sale of a large volume of a particular financial instrument, nor do they reflect possible tax ramifications or estimated transaction costs. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents. The carrying amounts of cash and short-term instruments approximate fair values. 
 
 FHLB stock. It is not practical to determine the fair value of FHLB stock due to restrictions placed on its transferability. 
 
 Loans. The fair value of portfolio loans, net is determined using an exit price methodology. The exit price methodology continues to be based on a discounted cash flow analysis, in which projected cash flows are based on contractual cash flows adjusted for prepayments for certain loan types e.g., residential mortgage loans and multi-family loans) and the use of a discount rate based on expected relative risk of the cash flows. The discount rate selected considers loan type, maturity date, a liquidity premium, cost to service, and cost of capital, which is a Level 3 fair value estimate. 
 
 Deposits. The carrying amounts of deposits with no stated maturities (i.e., non interest-bearing, savings, NOW, and money market deposits) are assigned fair values equal to the carrying amounts payable on demand. The fair value of time deposits is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows using estimated rates currently offered for alternative funding sources of similar remaining maturity. 
 
 Term Borrowings and Subordinated Debentures . The fair value of the Company s long-term borrowings and subordinated debentures were calculated using a discounted cash flow approach and applying discount rates currently offered based on weighted remaining maturities. 
 
 Accrued Interest Receivable/Payable. The carrying amounts of accrued interest approximate fair value resulting in a level 2 or level 3 classification based on the level of the asset or liability with which the accrual is associated. 

The following presents the carrying amount, fair value, and placement in the fair value hierarchy of the Company s financial instruments as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 : 

Investment securities available-for-sale 
 Restricted investment in bank stocks n/a n/a n/a n/a 
 Equity securities 
 Net loans 8,001,504 8,001,504 
 Derivatives - interest rate contracts 
 Accrued interest receivable 
 
 Financial liabilities: 
 Noninterest-bearing deposits 1,259,364 
 Interest-bearing deposits 3,745,467 2,510,977 
 Borrowings 932,081 
 Subordinated debentures 77,952 
 Accrued interest payable 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 Financial assets: 
 Cash and due from banks 
 Investment securities available-for-sale 
 Restricted investment in bank stocks n/a n/a n/a n/a 
 Equity securities 
 Net loans 
 Derivatives - interest rate contracts 
 Accrued interest receivable 
 
 Financial liabilities: 
 Noninterest-bearing deposits 
 Interest-bearing deposits 
 Borrowings - 
 Subordinated debentures 
 Accrued interest payable 

The fair value of commitments to originate loans is estimated using the fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, considering the remaining terms of the agreements and the present creditworthiness of the counterparties. For fixed-rate loan commitments, fair value also considers the difference between current levels of interest rates and the committed rates. The fair values of letters of credit and lines of credit are based on fees currently charged for similar agreements or on the estimated cost to terminate or otherwise settle the obligations with the counterparties at the reporting date. The fair value of commitments to originate loans is immaterial and not included in the tables above. 
 
 Changes in assumptions or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on these estimated fair values. 
 
 The Company s remaining assets and liabilities, which are not considered financial instruments, have not been valued differently than has been customary with historical cost accounting. No disclosure of the relationship value of the Company s core deposit base is required by FASB ASC 825 - 10. 
 
 Fair value estimates are based on existing balance sheet financial instruments, without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business and the value of assets and liabilities that are not considered financial instruments. For example, there are certain significant assets and liabilities that are not considered financial assets or liabilities, such as the brokerage network, deferred taxes, premises and equipment, and goodwill. In addition, the tax ramifications related to the realization of the unrealized gains and losses can have a significant effect on fair value estimates and have not been considered in the estimates. 
 
 Management believes that reasonable comparability between financial institutions may not be likely, due to the wide range of permitted valuation techniques and numerous estimates which must be made, given the absence of active secondary markets for many of the financial instruments. This lack of uniform valuation methodologies also introduces a greater degree of subjectivity to these estimated fair values. 

Investment in subsidiaries 
 Investment securities 
 Equity securities 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Other liabilities 
 Subordinated debentures, net 
 Stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

Other income 
 Total Income 
 Expenses 
 Income before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 
 Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 
 Net Income 
 Preferred dividends 
 Net income available to common stockholders 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary 
 Loss on equity securities, net 
 Amortization of subordinated debt issuance costs 
 Decrease in other assets 
 Decrease in other liabilities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Payments for investments and advances in subsidiaries 
 Repayment of investments and advances in subsidiaries 
 Purchases of equity securities 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Repayment of subordinated debt 
 Cash dividends paid on preferred stock 
 Cash dividends paid on common stock 
 Purchase of treasury stock 
 Proceeds from preferred stock offering 
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 
 (Increase) decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents as of January 1, 
 Cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 

Total interest expense 
 Net interest income 
 Provision for credit losses 
 Total other income 
 Other expenses 
 Income before income taxes 
 Income tax expense 
 Net income 
 Preferred dividends 
 Net income available to common stockholders 
 Earnings per share: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 

Total interest expense 
 Net interest income 
 Provision for credit losses 
 Total other income, net of securities gains 
 Other expenses 
 Income before income taxes 
 Income tax expense 
 Net income 
 Preferred dividends 
 Net income available to common stockholders 
 Earnings per share: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 

Note: Due to rounding, quarterly earnings per share for 2022 do not sum to reported annual earnings per share. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its reports filed or submitted pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed by the Company in its Exchange Act reports is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) as of December 31, 2023. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date. 
 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control system is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management, Board of Directors and shareholders regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

-139-

Table of Contents 

As part of the Company s program to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, our management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 (the Assessment ). In making this Assessment, management used the control criteria framework of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission published in its report entitled Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Management s Assessment included an evaluation of the design of the Company s internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. Management reviewed the results of its Assessment with the Audit Committee. 
 
 Based on this Assessment, management determined that, as of December 31, 2023, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Crowe LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company s consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an audit report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. The report is included in this item under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 (c) Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

-140-

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Information required by this part is included in the definitive Proxy Statement for the Company s 2024 Annual Meeting under the captions ELECTION OF DIRECTORS and SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTS COMPLIANCE, each of which is incorporated herein by reference. It is expected that such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than April 29, 2024. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 Information concerning executive compensation is included in the definitive Proxy Statement for the Company s 2024 Annual Meeting under the captions EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION and DIRECTOR COMPENSATION , which is incorporated by reference herein. It is expected that such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than April 29, 2024. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Information concerning security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is included in the definitive Proxy statement for the Company s 2024 Annual Meeting under the caption SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF MANAGEMENT , which is incorporated herein by reference. It is expected that such Proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than April 29, 2024. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Information concerning certain relationships and related transactions is included in the definitive Proxy Statement for the Company s 2024 Annual Meeting under the caption INTEREST OF MANAGEMENT AND OTHERS IN CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS , which is incorporated herein by reference. It is expected that such Proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than April 29, 2024. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 The information concerning principal accountant fees and services as well as related pre-approval policies under the caption RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference herein. It is expected that such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than April 29, 2024. 

-141-

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 (1) Financial Statements and Schedules: 

The following Financial Statements and Supplementary Data are filed as part of this annual report: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 68 

Consolidated Statements of Condition 
 
 71 

Consolidated Statements of Income 
 
 72 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 73 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 
 74 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 75 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 76 

(b) 
 Exhibits (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K) filed herewith or incorporated by reference as part of this annual report. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 The Registrant s Restated Certificate of Incorporation as of May 21, 2020 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 22, 2020. 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment designating the 5.25 Fixed Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, of the Company, filed with the Department of the Treasury of the State of New Jersey and effective August 17, 2021(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed on August 19, 2021) 

3.3 
 
 The Registrant s Amended and Restated By-Laws are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 21, 2018. 

4.1 
 
 The Registrant s Capital Stock 

4.2 
 
 Specimen of the Company s 5.25 Fixed Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed on August 19, 2021). 

4.3 
 
 Deposit Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2021, among the Company, Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc., as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts described therein 

10.1 
 
 Indenture dated as of December 19, 2003, between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company relating to 5.0 million aggregate principal amount of floating rate debentures is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. 

10.2 
 
 Amended and restated Declaration of Trust of Center Bancorp Statutory Trust II, dated as of December 19, 2003 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. 

10.3 
 
 Guarantee Agreement between Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company dated as of December 19, 2003 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. 

-142-

Table of Contents 

10.4 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2017, by and among the Registrant, ConnectOne Bank and Frank Sorrentino III, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 5, 2017. 

10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of June 1, 2017, by and among the Registrant, ConnectOne Bank and William S. Burns, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 5, 2017 

10.6 
 
 Form of Change in Control Agreement by and between the Company and Laura Criscione dated December 19, 2013 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 20, 2013. 

10.7 
 
 Indenture dated January 17, 2018, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association as Trustee (2) 

10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement by and among the Registrant, ConnectOne Bank and Elizabeth Magennis dated October 16, 2023 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 17, 2023. 

10.9 
 
 2017 Equity Compensation Plan (3) 

10.10 
 
 Form of Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan between the Registrant and each of Frank Sorrentino, III, William S. Burns and Elizabeth Magennis (4) 

-143-

Table of Contents 

10.11 
 
 Form of Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan by and between the Bank and each of Frank Sorrentino III, William S. Burns, and Elizabeth Magennis (5) 

10.12 
 
 Form of Split Dollar Life Insurance Agreement between the Registrant and each of Frank Sorrentino, III, William S. Burns and Elizabeth Magennis (5) 

10.13 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 15, 2020, between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 15, 2020. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Crowe LLP 

31.1 
 
 Personal certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Personal certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 
 
 Personal certification of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

97 
 
 ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. Compensation Recoupment Policy 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

Management contract on compensatory plan or arrangement. 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibits 10.7, 10.8, 10.9 and 10.10, the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2014 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 17, 2018 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit A to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed April 27, 2017 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 16, 2019 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 8, 2022 

All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are either inapplicable or not required, or because the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. 

Filed herewith. 

-144-

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CONNECTONE BANCORP, INC. 

February 23, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Frank Sorrentino III 

Frank Sorrentino III 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the following persons on behalf of the Registrant, in the capacities described below on February 23, 2024, have signed this report below. 

/s/ Frank Sorrentino III 
 
 Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Frank Sorrentino III 

/s/ William S. Burns 
 
 Senior Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 

William S. Burns 

/s/ Elizabeth Magennis 
 
 President of the Bank Executive Vice President of the Bancorp 

Elizabeth Magennis 

/s/ Stephen Boswell 
 
 Director 

Stephen Boswell 

/s/ Frank Baier 
 
 Director 

Frank Baier 

/s/ Frank Huttle III 
 
 Director 

Frank Huttle III 

/s/ Michael Kempner 
 
 Director 

Michael Kempner 

/s/ Nicholas Minoia 
 
 Director 

Nicholas Minoia 

/s/ William A. Thompson 
 
 Director 

William A. Thompson 

/s/ Katherin Nukk-Freeman 
 
 Director 

Katherin Nukk-Freeman 

/s/ Daniel Rifkin 
 
 Director 

Daniel Rifkin 

/s/ Mark Sokolich 
 
 Director 

Mark Sokolich 

/s/ Anson M. Moise 
 
 Director 

Anson M. Moise 

-145-

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex_558624.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

ex_558624.htm 

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant as of December 31, 2023 

The following table sets forth the names of the registrant s direct and indirect subsidiaries and the state or other jurisdiction of incorporation of each such entity. In each case, the names of the listed subsidiaries are the same as the names under which such subsidiaries do business. 

Name 

Incorporation 

ConnectOne Bank 

New Jersey 

Center Bancorp Statutory Trust II 

Delaware 

Union Investment Co. 

New Jersey 

Center Financial Group, LLC 

New Jersey 

Center Advertising, Inc. 

New Jersey 

Morris Property Company, LLC 

New Jersey 

Twin Bridge Investment Co. 

Delaware 

Volosin Holdings, LLC 

New Jersey 

ConnectOne Preferred Funding Corp. 

New Jersey 

NJCB Spec-1, LLC 

New Jersey 

BoeFly, Inc. 

New Jersey 

BONJ Special Properties, LLC 
			 
			 New Jersey 

Port Jervis Holdings, LLC 
			 
			 New Jersey 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex_558625.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_558625.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement No. 333-258093 on Form S-3 and in the Registration Statement Nos. 333-224575, 333-197239, and 333-160111 on Form S-8 of ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. of our report dated February 23, 2024, relating to the consolidated financial statements of ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which report appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

/s/ Crowe LLP 

Crowe LLP 

 Livingston, New Jersey 

 February 23, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex_558626.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_558626.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Frank Sorrentino III, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 

4. 

The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report and change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 

The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 23, 2024 

By: 

/s/ Frank Sorrentino III 

Frank Sorrentino III 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex_558627.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_558627.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, William S. Burns, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc., 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report and change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 

The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 23, 2024 

By: 

/s/ William S. Burns 

William S. Burns 

Senior Executive Vice President and 

			 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 ex_558628.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

ex_558628.htm 

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, Frank Sorrentino III and William S. Burns hereby jointly certify as follows: 

They are the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. (the Company 

To the best of their knowledge, the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Report complies in all material respects with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

To the best of their knowledge, based upon a review of the Report, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 23, 2024 

By: 

/s/ Frank Sorrentino III 

Frank Sorrentino III 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: February 23, 2024 

By: 

/s/ William S. Burns 

William S. Burns 

Senior Executive Vice President and 

			 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-97>
 7
 ex_602967.htm
 EXHIBIT 97

ex_602967.htm 

Exhibit 97 

ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. 

Compensation Recoupment Policy 

The Board of Directors of ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. (the "Company") believes it is desirable, and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, to maintain and enhance a culture that is focused on integrity, accountability and that discourages conduct detrimental to the Company's risk profile and sustainable growth. Therefore, it may be appropriate for the Company to recover Incentive Compensation (as defined herein) provided to certain employees, and it may be appropriate for those employees to repay such Incentive Compensation, in the event that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (an Accounting Restatement ). The Board of Directors has adopted the following Compensation Recoupment Policy (the "Policy") effective as of the date set forth above (the "Effective Date"). The Policy applies to the Company s Executive Officers (as defined below). 

Additional Definitions 

 Erroneously Awarded Compensation means the amount of Incentive Compensation received that exceeds the amount of Incentive Compensation that otherwise would have been received had it been determined based on the amounts reflected in the Accounting Restatement, and must be computed without regard to any taxes paid. For Incentive Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of erroneously awarded compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in an accounting restatement: 

(A) The amount must be based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive Compensation was received; and 

(B) The Company must maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the Nasdaq. 

"Executive Officer" shall mean the Company s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the controller), any vice-president of the Company in charge of a principal business unit, division, or function (such as sales, administration, or finance), any other officer who performs a policy-making function, or any other person who performs similar policy-making functions for the Company. Executive officers of the Company s parent(s) or subsidiaries are deemed executive officers of the Company if they perform such policy making functions for the Company. As used herein, a policy-making function is not intended to include policy-making functions that are not significant. 

1

ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc.

Compensation Recoupment Policy

Financial Reporting Measures means measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures. Stock price and total shareholder return shall be considered financial reporting measures. A Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented within the financial statements or included in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

"Incentive Compensation" shall mean any compensation payable in cash, shares of the Company's common stock, restricted stock units or stock options, that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of any Financial Reporting Measure. For the avoidance of doubt, Incentive Compensation will be deemed received by the Executive Officer for purposes of this policy in the fiscal period during which the financial reporting measure is attained, even if the payment or grant occurs after the end of that period. 

"Restatement Date" shall mean the date that the Company concluded (or reasonably should have concluded), whether through its Board of Directors, a committee of the Board of Directors, or through officers of the Company if such officers are authorized to take such action without Board action, that an Accounting Restatement is required, or the date that a court or regulator directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 

Recoupment of Incentive Compensation 

 If the Company incurs an Accounting Restatement, then the Company shall promptly require each current or former Executive Officer who received Incentive Compensation to reimburse the Company any Erroneously Awarded Compensation received by such Executive Officer during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the Restatement Date. 

For the sake of clarity, Erroneously Awarded Compensation shall be recovered even if there was no misconduct or failure of oversight on the part an individual Executive Officer. 

Recoupment Amount and Procedures 

 The amount required to be reimbursed or returned to the Company shall be determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the "Committee") and will equal the amount of the Erroneously Awarded Compensation. 

The Company will determine, in its sole discretion, the method for obtaining reimbursement or return of payments made, which may include, but is not limited to: (i) by offsetting the amount from any compensation owed by the Company to the affected Executive Officer (including, without limitation, amounts payable under a deferred compensation plan at such time as is permitted by Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended): (ii) by reducing or eliminating future salary increases, cash incentive awards or equity awards; or (iii) by requiring the individual to pay the amount to the Company upon its written demand for such payment. 

2

ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc.

Compensation Recoupment Policy

Exceptions to Recovery. 

 Exceptions to the foregoing policy of recoupment are only available where: 

(i) 

pursuing such recovery would be impracticable because the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing the policy would exceed the recoverable amounts and the Company has (A) made a reasonable attempt to recover such amounts and (B) provided documentation of such attempts to recover to the Nasdaq; or 

(ii) 

recoupment would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the registrant, to fail to meet the requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. 

Miscellaneous 

 The Board of Directors intends that this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent permitted by law. In addition, the Committee may determine that any equity award agreement, employment agreement or similar agreement entered into or amended after the Effective Date shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit covered by such agreement, require the affected employee to contractually agree to abide by the terms of this Policy. Further, the adoption of this Policy does not mitigate, and is intended to enhance, the effect of any recoupment or similar policies in any equity award agreement, employment agreement or similar agreement in effect prior to the Effective Date. 

Binding on Successors 

 The terms of this Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all employees and their heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives. 

3

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 cnob-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 cnob-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cnob-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 cnob-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 cnob-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

