<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240223_10-K_edgar_data_18349_0000018349-24-000053.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>29048308</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>532448</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3161632</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14616348</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4937604</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4999216</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000018349-24-000053.hdr.sgml : 20240223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240223074009
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000018349-24-000053
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		141
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SYNOVUS FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000018349
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				581134883
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10312
		FILM NUMBER:		24667252

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 BAY AVENUE
		STREET 2:		STE 500
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7066492311

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 BAY AVENUE
		STREET 2:		STE 500
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31901

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CB&T BANCSHARES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19890912

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000018349-24-000053.txt : 20240223

10-K
 1
 syn-20231231.htm
 10-K

syn-20231231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _______________________ 
 
 FORM 
 _______________________ 
 Annual report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 Commission file number 
 _______________________ 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _______________________ 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 _______________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 
 _______________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2023, the aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately based on the closing sale price of 30.25 reported on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2023. 
 As of February 20, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 
 Page Part I 
 Index of Defined Terms 
 i 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 1 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 28 
 Item 2. Properties 
 29 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 31 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 61 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 62 
 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 124 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 124 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 124 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 124 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers , and Corporate Governance 
 125 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 125 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 125 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 125 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 126 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 127 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 132 
 Signatures 
 133 

SYNOVUS FINANCIAL CORP. 
 
 INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
 Throughout this discussion, references to "Synovus," "we," "our," "us," "the Company," and similar terms refer to the consolidated entity consisting of Synovus Financial Corp. and its subsidiaries unless the context indicates that we refer only to the Parent Company, Synovus Financial Corp. When we refer to the "Bank" or "Synovus Bank" we mean our only bank subsidiary, Synovus Bank. 
 
 ACL Allowance for credit losses (ALL, reserve on unfunded loan commitments, and reserve, if required, on debt securities and other receivables) 
 ALCO Synovus' Asset Liability Management Committee 
 ALL Allowance for loan losses 
 AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ASC Accounting Standards Codification 
 ASU Accounting Standards Update 
 ATM Automatic teller machine 
 Basel III The third Basel Accord developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision to strengthen existing regulatory capital requirements 
 BHC Act Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended 
 BOLI Bank-owned life insurance policies 
 bp(s) Basis point(s) 
 BOV Broker s opinion of value 
 BSBY Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index 
 C I Commercial and industrial 
 CDI Core Deposit Intangible 
 CECL Current expected credit losses 
 CET1 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital defined by Basel III capital rules 
 CFPB Consumer Finance Protection Bureau 
 CIB - Corporate and Investment Banking 
 CISO - Chief Information Security Officer 
 CMO Collateralized Mortgage Obligation 
 Code Internal Revenue Code 
 Company Synovus Financial Corp. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, except where the context requires otherwise 
 Covered Litigation Certain Visa litigation for which Visa is indemnified by Visa USA members 
 COVID Coronavirus disease 2019 
 CRA Community Reinvestment Act 
 CRE Commercial real estate 
 DCF Discounted cash flow 
 DEI Diversity, equity, and inclusion 
 DIF Deposit Insurance Fund 
 Dodd-Frank Act The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 DRR Dual Risk Rating 
 ESG Environmental, social, and governance 
 i 

EVE Economic value of equity 
 Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board 
 FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
 FDICIA Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 
 FDM Financial Difficulty Modification 
 Federal Reserve Bank One of the 12 banks that are the operating arms of the U.S. central bank. They implement the policies of the Federal Reserve Board, supervise bank holding companies and certain banking institutions, and also conduct economic research 
 Federal Reserve Board The 7-member Board of Governors that oversees the Federal Reserve System, establishes monetary policy (interest rates, credit, etc.), and monitors the economic health of the country. Its members are appointed by the President subject to Senate confirmation, and serve 14-year terms 
 Federal Reserve System or Federal Reserve The Federal Reserve Board, plus the 12 Federal Reserve Banks, with each one serving member banks in its own district. The Federal Reserve has broad regulatory powers over the money supply and the credit structure of the economy 
 FFIEC Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council 
 FFIEC Retail Credit Classification Policy FFIEC Uniform Retail Credit Classification and Account Management Policy 
 FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank 
 FICO Fair Isaac Corporation 
 FinCEN The Treasury's financial crimes enforcement network 
 FINRA Financial Industry Regulatory Authority 
 FOMC Federal Open Market Committee 
 FRB Federal Reserve Bank 
 FTP Funds transfer pricing 
 GA DBF Georgia Department of Banking and Finance 
 GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America 
 GLB Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act 
 GSE Government sponsored enterprise 
 HTC Historic tax credits 
 Interagency Supervisory Guidance Interagency Supervisory Guidance on Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses Estimation Practices for Loans and Lines of Credit Secured by Junior Liens on 1-4 Family Residential Properties 
 IRS Internal Revenue Service 
 ISO Independent sales organization 
 ITC Investment tax credits 
 LGD Loss given default 
 LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate 
 LIHTC Low Income Housing Tax Credit 
 LTV Loan-to-collateral value ratio 
 MBS Mortgage-backed securities 
 MPS Merchant processing servicer(s) 
 NAICS North American Industry Classification System 
 nm not meaningful 
 ii 

NOL Net operating loss 
 NPA Non-performing assets 
 NPL Non-performing loans 
 NSF Non-sufficient funds 
 NYSE New York Stock Exchange 
 OCI Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 OCC Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
 OFAC Office of Foreign Assets Control 
 ORE Other real estate 
 Parent Company Synovus Financial Corp. 
 PCAOB Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
 PCD Purchased credit deteriorated 
 PD Probability of default 
 PPNR Pre-provision net revenue 
 PPP Paycheck Protection Program established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act 
 Qualpay Qualpay, Inc. 
 ROAA Return on average assets 
 ROATCE Return on average tangible common equity 
 ROU Right-of-use 
 RSU Restricted share unit 
 SBA Small Business Administration 
 SBIC Small Business Investment Company 
 SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Securities Act Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
 Series D Preferred Stock Synovus' Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series D, 25 liquidation preference 
 Series E Preferred Stock Synovus' Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series E, 25 liquidation preference 
 SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
 SRR Single Risk Rating 
 Synovus Synovus Financial Corp. 
 Synovus Bank A Georgia state-chartered bank and wholly-owned subsidiary of Synovus, through which Synovus conducts its banking operations 
 Synovus Securities Synovus Securities, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Synovus 
 Synovus Trust Synovus Trust Company, N.A., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Synovus Bank 
 TDR Troubled debt restructuring (as defined in ASC 310-40) 
 TE Taxable-equivalent 
 Treasury United States Department of the Treasury 
 UPB Unpaid principal balance 
 U.S. United States 
 iii 

VIE Variable interest entity (as defined in ASC 810-10) 
 Visa The Visa U.S.A. Inc. card association or its affiliates, collectively 
 Visa Class A shares Class A shares of common stock issued by Visa are publicly traded shares which are not subject to restrictions on sale 
 Visa Class B shares Class B shares of common stock issued by Visa which are subject to restrictions with respect to sale until all of the Covered Litigation has been settled. Class B shares will be convertible into Visa Class A shares using a then current conversion ratio upon the lifting of restrictions with respect to sale of Visa Class B shares 
 Visa Derivative A derivative contract with the purchaser of Visa Class B shares which provides for settlements between the purchaser and Synovus based upon a change in the ratio for conversion of Visa Class B shares into Visa Class A shares 
 iv 

Part I 
 
 In this Report, the words Synovus, the Company, we, us, and our refer to Synovus Financial Corp. together with Synovus Bank and Synovus' other wholly-owned subsidiaries, except where the context requires otherwise. 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements made or incorporated by reference in this Report which are not statements of historical fact, including those under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and elsewhere in this Report, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of, and subject to the protections of, Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements include statements with respect to Synovus' beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, targets, expectations, anticipations, assumptions, estimates, intentions, and future performance and involve known and unknown risks, many of which are beyond Synovus' control and which may cause Synovus' actual results, performance, or achievements or the financial services industry or economy generally, to be materially different from future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
 All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements through Synovus' use of words such as believes, anticipates, expects, may, will, assumes, predicts, could, should, would, intends, targets, estimates, projects, plans, potential, and other similar words and expressions of the future or otherwise regarding the outlook for Synovus' future business and financial performance and/or the performance of the financial services industry and economy in general. Forward-looking statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of Synovus' management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements in this document. Many of these factors are beyond Synovus' ability to control or predict. These factors include, but are not limited to: 
 (1) competition in the financial services industry, including competition from nontraditional banking institutions such as Fintechs; 
 (2) our ability to realize the expected benefits from our strategic initiatives or other operational and execution goals in the time period expected, which could negatively affect our future profitability; 
 (3) an economic downturn and contraction, including a recession, and the resulting effects on our capital, financial condition, credit quality, results of operations, and future growth, including that the strength of the current economic environment could be further weakened by prolonged periods of inflation and interest rate fluctuations; 
 (4) changes in the cost and availability of funding due to changes in the deposit market and credit market; 
 (5) restrictions or limitations on access to funds from historical and alternative sources of liquidity could adversely affect our overall liquidity, which could restrict our ability to make payments on our obligations and our ability to support asset growth and sustain our operations and the operations of Synovus Bank; 
 (6) the impact of recent adverse developments in the banking industry, highlighted by high-profile bank failures, on client confidence, liquidity, and regulatory responses to these developments (including increases in the cost of our deposit insurance assessments and increased regulatory scrutiny), our ability to effectively manage our liquidity risk and any growth plans, and the availability of capital and funding; 
 (7) our ability to attract and retain employees and the impact of senior leadership transitions that are key to our strategic initiatives; 
 (8) our strategic implementation of new lines of business, new products and services, and new technologies and the expansion of our existing business opportunities with a renewed focus on innovation; 
 (9) prolonged periods of high inflation and their effects on our business, profitability, and our stock price, as well as the impact on our clients (including the velocity and levels of deposit withdrawals and loan repayment); 
 (10) changes in the interest rate environment, including changes to the federal funds rate, and competition in our primary market area may result in increased funding costs or reduced earning assets yields, thus reducing margins and net interest income; 
 (11) the impact of recent, proposed, and potential changes in governmental policy, laws, and regulations, potential, proposed, and recently enacted changes in monetary policy and in the regulation and taxation of banks and financial institutions, or the interpretation or application thereof and the uncertainty of future implementation and enforcement of these regulations, including inflationary pressures and potential interest rate fluctuations; 
 (12) we may be required to make substantial expenditures to keep pace with regulatory initiatives and the rapid technological changes in the financial services industry; 
 (13) our current and future information technology system enhancements and operational initiatives may not be successfully implemented, which could negatively impact our operations; 
 1 

(14) our business relationships with, and reliance upon, third parties that have strategic partnerships with us or that provide key components of our business infrastructure, including the costs of services and products provided to us by third parties, and disruptions in service or financial difficulties with a third-party vendor or business relationship; 
 (15) our enterprise risk management framework, our compliance program, or our corporate governance and supervisory oversight functions may not identify or address risks adequately, which may result in unexpected losses; 
 (16) our asset quality may deteriorate or our allowance for credit losses may prove to be inadequate or may be negatively affected by credit risk exposures; 
 (17) the ability of our operational framework to identify and manage risks associated with our business, such as credit risk, compliance risk, reputational risk, cybersecurity risk, and operational risk, including by virtue of our relationships with third-party business partners, as well as our relationships with third-party vendors and other service providers; 
 (18) we may be exposed to potential losses in the event of fraud and/or theft, or in the event that a third-party vendor, obligor, or business partner fails to pay amounts due to us under that relationship or under any arrangement that we enter into with them; 
 (19) if economic conditions worsen or regulatory capital rules are modified, we may be required to undertake initiatives to improve or conserve our capital position; 
 (20) our ability to identify and address cybersecurity risks such as data security breaches, malware, "denial of service" attacks, "hacking," and identity theft, a failure of which could disrupt our business and result in the disclosure of and/or misuse or misappropriation of confidential or proprietary information, disruption, or damage of our systems, increased costs, significant losses, or adverse effects to our reputation; 
 (21) the impact on our financial results, reputation, and business if we are unable to comply with all applicable federal and state regulations or other supervisory actions or directives and any necessary capital initiatives; 
 (22) our ability to receive dividends from our subsidiaries could affect our liquidity, including our ability to pay dividends or take other capital actions; 
 (23) our ESG strategies and initiatives, the scope and pace of which could alter our reputation and shareholder, employee, client, and third-party relationships; 
 (24) we could realize losses if we sell assets and the proceeds we receive are lower than the carrying value of such assets; 
 (25) our ability to obtain regulatory approval to take certain actions, including any dividends on our common or preferred stock, any repurchases of our common or preferred stock, or any other issuance or redemption of any other regulatory capital instruments, as well as any applications in respect to strategic initiatives; 
 (26) we may not be able to identify suitable bank and non-bank acquisition opportunities as part of our growth strategy and even if we are able to identify attractive acquisition opportunities, we may not be able to complete such transactions on favorable terms or realize the anticipated benefits from such acquisitions; 
 (27) our concentrated operations in the Southeastern U.S. make us vulnerable to local economic conditions, local weather catastrophes, public health issues, and other external events; 
 (28) the costs and effects of litigation, investigations, or similar matters, or adverse facts and developments related thereto; 
 (29) the fluctuation in our stock price and general volatility in the stock market; 
 (30) the effects of any damages to our reputation resulting from developments related to any of the items identified above; and 
 (31) other factors and other information contained in this Report and in other reports and filings that we make with the SEC under the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, those found in "Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors" of this Report. 
 For a discussion of these and other risks that may cause actual results to differ from expectations, refer to Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors and other information contained in this Report and our other periodic filings, including quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, that we file from time to time with the SEC. All written or oral forward-looking statements that are made by or are attributable to Synovus are expressly qualified by this cautionary notice. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements since those statements speak only as of the date on which the statements are made. Synovus undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of new information or unanticipated events, except as may otherwise be required by law. 
 2 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 General 
 Synovus Financial Corp. is a financial services company and a registered bank holding company headquartered in Columbus, Georgia. We provide commercial and consumer banking in addition to a full suite of specialized products and services including private banking, treasury management, wealth management, mortgage services, premium finance, asset-based lending, structured lending, capital markets, and international banking to our clients through our wholly-owned subsidiary bank, Synovus Bank, and other offices in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, and Tennessee. 
 We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Georgia in 1972. Our principal executive offices are located at 1111 Bay Avenue, Suite 500, Columbus, Georgia 31901, and our telephone number at that address is (706) 641-6500. Our common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol SNV. At December 31, 2023, we had total consolidated assets of 59.81 billion and total consolidated deposits of 50.74 billion. 
 Additional information relating to our business and our subsidiaries, including a detailed description of our financial results for 2023 and 2022 is contained in "Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in this Report. 
 Banking Operations 
 Synovus conducts its banking operations through Synovus Bank. Synovus Bank is a Georgia state-chartered bank and operates primarily throughout Alabama, Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, and Tennessee. Synovus Bank offers commercial and consumer services. Our commercial banking services include commercial, financial, and real estate lending, treasury management, asset management, capital markets services, and institutional trust services. Our consumer banking services include accepting customary types of demand and savings deposits accounts; mortgage, installment, and other consumer loans; investment and brokerage services; safe deposit services; automated banking services; automated fund transfers; internet-based banking services; and bank credit and debit card services, including Visa and MasterCard services. At December 31, 2023, Synovus Bank operated 246 branches and 354 ATMs across our footprint. 
 Non-bank Subsidiaries 
 In addition to our banking operations, we also provide various other financial services to our clients through the following direct and indirect wholly-owned non-bank subsidiaries: 
 Synovus Securities, headquartered in Columbus, Georgia, which specializes in professional portfolio management for fixed-income securities, investment banking, the execution of securities transactions as a broker/dealer, asset management, and financial planning services, and the provision of individual investment advice on equity and other securities; and 
 Synovus Trust, headquartered in Columbus, Georgia, which provides trust, asset management, and financial planning services. 
 Business Developments 
 Throughout 2023, Synovus' core strategic focus remained on expanding and diversifying the franchise in terms of revenue, profitability, and asset size while maintaining a relationship-based approach to banking. In a year fraught with industry instability, economic uncertainty, inflationary pressures, and enhanced regulatory scrutiny, we made deliberate adjustments to our businesses and business model to drive sustained franchise value while retaining our legacy focus on our people and our clients. We also continued to embrace the acceleration of technology and adoption of digital and data capabilities. 
 Synovus began 2023 with a continued focus on a streamlined strategic plan centered on growth and performance through four core pillars: reposition for advantage, simplify and streamline, adopt high-tech meets high touch, and enhance talent and culture. Various strategic initiatives supported each of these pillars, with a prioritization on such matters as investing in commercial growth, fortifying consumer banking, optimizing wealth, refreshing the brand, re-imagining the client journey, automating systems and processes, using advanced analytics, enhancing modern core enabled banking products, developing diverse leaders, and establishing a growth based culture. With the bank failures beginning in March and continuing into May 2023, however, Synovus adapted its strategy to robustly manage through the crisis, focusing on safety and soundness through additional liquidity and deposit generation initiatives across all lines of business, overall credit vigilance, enhanced industry and sector monitoring, and optimized capital management. 
 In 2024, Synovus' streamlined strategic plan will focus on three fundamentals - enhancing profitability, deepening relationships, and accelerating growth. These goals are supported by such initiatives as banking-as-a-service capabilities, deposit generation strategies, expansion in strategic growth verticals such as middle market commercial banking and corporate and 
 3 

investment banking, additional Treasury and Payments solutions, and certain investments in the bank of the future through automation, digital, and analytics. 
 Competition 
 The financial services industry is highly competitive and could become more competitive as a result of recent and ongoing legislative, regulatory, and technological changes, and continued consolidation within the financial services industry. Synovus Bank and our wholly-owned non-bank subsidiaries compete actively with national and state banks, savings and loan associations, and credit unions and other nonbank financial intermediaries, including securities brokers and dealers, investment advisory firms, mortgage companies, insurance companies, trust companies, finance companies, leasing companies, and certain governmental agencies, all of which actively engage in marketing various types of loans, deposit accounts, and other financial services. In addition, competition from nontraditional banking institutions, often known as Fintech, continues to increase and accelerate, with consumers having the opportunity to select from a growing variety of traditional and nontraditional alternatives. The ability of such non-banking financial institutions to provide services previously limited to commercial banks has intensified competition. Because non-banking financial institutions are not subject to many of the same regulatory restrictions as banks and bank holding companies, they can often operate with greater flexibility and lower cost structures. These competitors have been successful in developing products that are in direct competition with or are alternatives to the banking services offered by traditional banking institutions. Moreover, Synovus competes increasingly with other companies based on financial technology and capabilities, such as mobile banking and electronic capabilities. Our ability to deliver strong financial performance will depend in part on our ability to expand the scope of, and effectively deliver, products and services, which will allow us to meet the changing needs of our clients. However, we often compete with much larger national and regional banks that have more resources than we do to deliver new products and services and introduce new technology to enhance the client experience. See "Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors - Strategic Risk - Competition in the financial services industry may adversely affect our future earnings and growth." 
 As of December 31, 2023, we were the largest bank holding company headquartered in Georgia based on assets. We believe that Synovus' relationship-based approach provides us with a competitive advantage and that our financial services clients are generally influenced by convenience, quality of service, personal contacts, price of services, availability of products, and the quality of technology that supports the client experience. We continue to gain traction in most of our growth markets, as well as overall markets, as shown in the most recent market share deposit data for FDIC-insured institutions as of June 30, 2023. We have also made significant investments to develop the Company's digital platform and capabilities over the last several years to remain competitive in meeting our clients' evolving needs and expectations. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 Synovus' financial performance and strategy rely heavily on our value proposition of relationship banking delivered through experts committed to providing an exceptional client experience and offering value-added advice and financial solutions. As such, Synovus' ability to identify, attract, develop, and retain a qualified and skilled workforce across our segments in multiple banking specialties and other areas is central to our growth and delivery of long-term shareholder value. In managing our business, management focuses on a number of human capital measures and objectives including: workforce demographics; compensation and benefits; talent acquisition, development, and retention; diversity, equity, and inclusion; and employee health and safety. Synovus' Chief Human Resources Officer, reporting to the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President, oversees all aspects of the employee experience, including talent acquisition and management, learning and development, and compensation and benefits. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee has primary oversight responsibility for Synovus' talent development and human capital management strategies, with the Board s full engagement, oversight, and support on this critical component of the Company s strategic success. 
 In 2023, the Company's human capital strategy focused on the unique circumstances of our employees and continued transformation of our technology for the management of our workforce through investments in upgraded systems and processes. The Company continued to respond to an evolving labor market in 2023, including increased competition for talent, increased need for workplace flexibility, and increased labor costs. We executed a voluntary early retirement program for certain qualified employees in 2023 and continued to meaningfully invest in our workforce. 
 Workforce Demographics 
 At Synovus, our employees are at the center of our culture and success and help us continue to meet the evolving needs of our clients. As of December 31, 2023, Synovus had 4,879 employees, 216 of which were part-time employees, predominately located in our primary markets of Georgia, Florida, Alabama, South Carolina, and Tennessee. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Synovus strives to provide competitive compensation and benefits that meet the varying needs of employees, including market-competitive pay, healthcare benefits, short- and long-term incentive packages, a 401(k) plan with a dollar-for-dollar 
 4 

company match on employee contributions up to 5 of pay, an employee stock purchase plan, tuition assistance, and wellness and employee assistance programs. We provide additional resources to support our employees' mental health, family needs, and financial well-being. The Company's short- and long-term incentive programs are aligned with our strategy and key business objectives and are intended to motivate strong performance. Synovus engages in nationally recognized outside compensation salary surveys and utilizes the expertise of a nationally recognized outside executive compensation firm to objectively evaluate our compensation and benefits and benchmark them against industry peers and similarly situated organizations. Synovus periodically reviews compensation and benefits by grade level and position to verify similar positions are paid comparatively and to ensure that Synovus has a competitive and valuable offering to meet the well-being and needs of our employees. In addition to our competitive benefits packages, we offer enhanced work-life balance through hybrid and remote work opportunities in certain job roles. For the year ended December 31, 2023, total salaries and other personnel expense, which includes all compensation and benefits to our employees, totaled 728.4 million. See "Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Non-interest Expense" of this Report for further discussion of salaries and other personnel expense. 
 Talent Acquisition, Development, and Retention 
 The Company remains committed to creating a compelling work environment with abundant growth and career development opportunity. We continue our efforts to attract and retain the brightest and best talent. Of the approximately 1,154 open positions filled in 2023, 31 were filled by internal hires. Approximately 13 of our workforce received a promotion in 2023, consisting of 67 women and 36 people of color. Our commitment to our employees has resulted in a long-term workforce with an average tenure of eight years of service. We attribute our ability to attract and retain talent to several factors, including impactful work that affects the communities in which our employees live, strong leadership, availability of career advancement opportunities, and competitive and equitable total rewards. 
 Synovus is committed to providing access to learning, development, and training opportunities that enable all employees to reach their full potential and to achieve the strategic goals of the Company. Synovus enables employees by providing access to in-person, virtual instructor-led, on demand, and curated learning opportunities to support skill development. This includes, but is not limited to, new hire orientation, role-based training programs, technical training, and professional and leadership development. Synovus also encourages all employees to devote at least one hour a week for professional development. Moreover, Synovus believes in the importance of equipping leaders and has invested in developing leaders at every level. Our leadership development programs Ignite, Connect, and Catalyst focus on frontline leadership, senior leadership, and executive-level readiness through a tailored approach to development and succession planning. 
 Synovus also supports and encourages its employees in external development opportunities. Synovus offers a tuition assistance program for employees seeking qualified undergraduate and graduate degrees and other continuing education programs. We also provide 100 tuition coverage for employees selected for specialty banking schools. 
 Synovus continued to focus on employee engagement and culture in 2023. We received extremely high scores from our employees on the recently conducted employee engagement survey and continue to explore and focus on additional improvements through our Voice of the Team Member action teams. 
 In 2023, we achieved a Great Place to Work designation by the Great Place to Work Institute and were recognized again among Atlanta's Top Workplaces by the Atlanta Journal Constitution and as a Forbes 2023 Best Bank in America. Moreover, Synovus won three Brandon Hall Excellence awards in 2023 in recognition of our Ignite and Catalyst leadership development programs and our customer care leadership and development program. A member of our executive leadership team again received national recognition for The Most Powerful Women to Watch while another senior leader received national recognition for The Most Powerful Women in Banking: Next 2023 from American Banker. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 At Synovus, we value a diversity of backgrounds, experiences, thought, and perspective and strive to have a diverse workforce representative of the clients and communities we serve. As of December 31, 2023, 65 of our employees were women and 31 of our employees were people of color. In addition to our commitment to an overall diverse and balanced workforce and talent pipeline, we continue to focus on diversity in senior leadership. As a result of our endeavors, we continue to achieve steady progress with representation of women and people of color in senior leadership roles improving over the last six years to 39 and 18 , respectively, at the end of 2023. Moreover, women represent 50 and people of color represent 13 of our executive leadership team at the end of 2023. 
 To continue to build and attract a diverse workforce, in 2023, Synovus continued to work with key organizations and partnerships to strengthen our recruiting efforts. We continued our campus recruiting efforts, executing a comprehensive campus recruitment strategy with a focus on diversity, deepening our relationships with historically black colleges and universities in our markets, hosting a diversity symposium, and increasing our focus on military recruitment. We also continued to work with such professional organizations as the Latin American Association Unidos in Finance and leveraged our numerous and varied 
 5 

employee resource groups for internal referrals. Moreover, we continued to focus on awareness and improvements in the diversity of our early talent internship and accelerated banker programs. 
 As to the existing workforce, in 2023, Synovus continued its work toward increasing all dimensions of DEI across our employee population and all levels within the organization, engaging employee resource groups to assist with talent acquisition, development, and community outreach, and increasing our internal dialogue through forums, fireside chats, and listen and learn events. In 2023, we provided enhanced awareness and education to our employees around neurodiversity. In addition, all of our leadership programs include unconscious bias and/or DEI modules. In 2023, we also received recognition by GallantFew as a Gallant Corporation, working to provide specialized assistance and support to our veterans and those transitioning to the Company from military service. 
 As part of our commitment to fair and equitable compensation for all employees, in 2023, Synovus conducted gender and ethnicity pay equity analysis to augment the ongoing pay equity work being conducted by the Company. Results of the analysis and the resulting nominal pay adjustments were shared with the Compensation and Human Capital Committee. 
 Employee Health and Safety 
 Synovus is committed to operating in a safe, secure, and responsible manner for the benefit of our employees, clients , and communities . Synovus provides a range of programs to improve the physical, financial, and emotional well-being of our employees, including a range of physical and mental health and wellness benefits , and strives to create a safe and healthy workplace for all employees. 
 Supervision, Regulation, and Other Factors 
 We are extensively regulated under federal and state law. The following is a brief summary that does not purport to be a complete description of all regulations that affect us or all aspects of those regulations. This discussion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provisions described below and is not intended to be an exhaustive description of the statutes or regulations applicable to the Company s and Synovus Bank s business. In addition, proposals to change the laws and regulations governing the banking industry are frequently raised at both the state and federal levels. The likelihood and timing of any changes in these laws and regulations, and the impact such changes may have on us and Synovus Bank, are difficult to predict. Regulatory agencies may issue enforcement actions, policy statements, interpretive letters, and similar written guidance applicable to us or to Synovus Bank. Changes in applicable laws, regulations, or regulatory guidance, or their interpretation by regulatory agencies or courts may have a material adverse effect on our and Synovus Bank s business, operations, and earnings. 
 Synovus Bank, Synovus Trust, and in some cases, we and our nonbank affiliates, must undergo regular examinations by the appropriate regulatory agency, which will examine for adherence to a range of legal and regulatory compliance responsibilities. A bank regulator conducting an examination has complete access to the books and records of the examined institution. The results of the examination are confidential. Supervision and regulation of banks, their holding companies, and affiliates is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and clients, the DIF of the FDIC, and the U.S. banking and financial system rather than holders of our securities. 
 Regulation of the Company 
 We are registered as a bank holding company with the Federal Reserve under the BHC Act and have elected to be treated as a financial holding company. As such, we are subject to comprehensive supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve and are subject to its regulatory reporting requirements. Federal law subjects bank holding companies, such as the Company, to restrictions on the types of activities in which they may engage, and to a range of supervisory requirements. In addition, the GA DBF regulates bank holding companies that own Georgia-chartered banks, such as us, under the bank holding company laws of the State of Georgia. Various federal and state bodies regulate and supervise our non-bank activities including our brokerage, investment advisory, and insurance agency activities. These include, but are not limited to, the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, federal and state banking regulators, and various state regulators of insurance and brokerage activities. 
 Violations of laws and regulations, or other unsafe and unsound practices, may result in regulatory agencies imposing fines or penalties, cease and desist orders, or taking other enforcement actions. Under certain circumstances, these agencies may enforce these remedies directly against officers, directors, employees, and other parties participating in the affairs of a bank or bank holding company. Like all bank holding companies, we are regulated extensively under federal and state law. Under federal and state laws and regulations pertaining to the safety and soundness of insured depository institutions, state banking regulators, the Federal Reserve, and separately the FDIC as the insurer of bank deposits have the authority to compel or restrict certain actions on our part if they determine that we have insufficient capital or other resources, or are otherwise operating in a manner that may be deemed to be inconsistent with safe and sound banking practices. Under this authority, our regulators can require us or our subsidiaries to enter into informal or formal supervisory agreements, including board resolutions, memoranda of 
 6 

understanding, written agreements, and consent or cease and desist orders pursuant to which we would be required to take identified corrective actions to address cited concerns and to refrain from taking certain actions. 
 If we become subject to and are unable to comply with the terms of any regulatory actions or directives, supervisory agreements or orders, then we could become subject to additional, heightened supervisory actions and orders, possibly including prompt corrective action restrictions and/or other regulatory actions, including prohibitions on the payment of dividends on our common stock and preferred stock. If our regulators were to take such supervisory actions, then we could, among other things, become subject to significant restrictions on our ability to develop any new business, as well as restrictions on our existing business, and we could be required to raise additional capital, dispose of certain assets and liabilities within a prescribed period of time, or both. The terms of any such action could have a material negative effect on our business, reputation, operating flexibility, financial condition, and the value of our common stock and preferred stock. See Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors - Compliance and Regulatory Risk - We may become subject to supervisory actions and enhanced regulation that could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating flexibility, financial condition, and the value of our common stock and preferred stock of this Report. 
 Activity Limitations 
 As a financial holding company, we are permitted to engage directly or indirectly in a broader range of activities than those permitted for a bank holding company that has not elected to be a financial holding company. Bank holding companies are generally restricted to engaging in the business of banking, managing, or controlling banks and certain other activities determined by the Federal Reserve to be closely related to banking. Financial holding companies may also engage in activities that are considered to be financial in nature, as well as those incidental or, if determined by the Federal Reserve, complementary to financial activities. If Synovus Bank ceases to be well capitalized or well managed under applicable regulatory standards, or if Synovus Bank receives a rating of less than satisfactory under the CRA, the Federal Reserve may, among other things, place limitations on our ability to conduct these broader financial activities or, if the deficiencies persist, require us to divest the banking subsidiary or the businesses engaged in activities permissible only for financial holding companies. 
 In addition, the Federal Reserve has the power to order a bank holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any nonbanking activity or terminate its ownership or control of any nonbank subsidiary when it has reasonable cause to believe that continuation of such activity or such ownership or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness, or stability of any bank subsidiary of that bank holding company. As further described below, each of the Company and Synovus Bank is well-capitalized under applicable regulatory standards as of December 31, 2023, and Synovus Bank has an overall rating of Satisfactory in its most recent CRA evaluation. 
 Source of Strength Obligations 
 A bank holding company, such as us, is required to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary bank. The term source of financial strength means the ability of a company, such as us, that directly or indirectly owns or controls an insured depository institution, such as Synovus Bank, to provide financial assistance to such insured depository institution in the event of financial distress. The appropriate federal banking agency for the depository institution (in the case of Synovus Bank, this agency is the Federal Reserve) may require reports from us to assess our ability to serve as a source of strength and to enforce compliance with the source of strength requirements by requiring us to provide financial assistance to Synovus Bank in the event of financial distress. If we were to enter bankruptcy or become subject to the orderly liquidation process established by the Dodd-Frank Act, any commitment by us to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of Synovus Bank would be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee or the FDIC, as appropriate, and entitled to a priority of payment. In addition, the FDIC provides that any insured depository institution generally will be liable for any loss incurred by the FDIC in connection with the default of, or any assistance provided by the FDIC to, a commonly controlled insured depository institution. Synovus Bank is an FDIC-insured depository institution and thus subject to these requirements. 
 Acquisitions 
 The BHC Act permits acquisitions of banks by bank holding companies, such that we and any other bank holding company, whether located in Georgia or elsewhere, may acquire a bank located in any other state, subject to certain deposit-percentage, age of bank charter requirements, and other restrictions. The BHC Act requires that a bank holding company obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before (i) acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any additional bank or bank holding company, (ii) taking any action that causes an additional bank or bank holding company to become a subsidiary of the bank holding company, or (iii) merging or consolidating with any other bank holding company. The Federal Reserve may not approve any such transaction that would result in a monopoly or would be in furtherance of any combination or conspiracy to monopolize or attempt to monopolize the business of banking in any section of the United States, or the effect of which may be substantially to lessen competition or to tend to create a monopoly in any section of the country, or that in any other manner would be in restraint of trade unless the anticompetitive effects of the proposed transaction are clearly outweighed in the public interest by the probable effect of the transaction in meeting the convenience and needs of the 
 7 

community to be served. The Federal Reserve is also required to consider: (i) the financial and managerial resources of the companies involved, including pro forma capital ratios; (ii) the risk to the stability of the United States banking or financial system; (iii) the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including performance under the CRA; and (iv) the effectiveness of the company in combatting money laundering. 
 Change in Control 
 Federal law restricts the amount of voting stock of a bank holding company or a bank that a person may acquire without the prior approval of banking regulators. Under the Change in Bank Control Act and the regulations thereunder, a person or group must give advance notice to the Federal Reserve before acquiring control of any bank holding company, such as the Company, or before acquiring control of any FDIC-insured bank, such as Synovus Bank. Upon receipt of such notice, the Federal Reserve may approve or disapprove the acquisition. The Change in Bank Control Act creates a rebuttable presumption of control if a person or group acquires the power to vote 10 or more of our outstanding common stock. The overall effect of such laws is to make it more difficult to acquire a bank holding company and a bank by tender offer or similar means than it might be to acquire control of another type of corporation. Consequently, shareholders of the Company may be less likely to benefit from the rapid increases in stock prices that may result from tender offers or similar efforts to acquire control of other companies. Investors should be aware of these requirements when acquiring shares of our stock. 
 Governance and Financial Reporting Obligations 
 We are required to comply with various corporate governance and financial reporting requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rules and regulations adopted by the SEC, the PCAOB, and the NYSE. In particular, we are required to include management and independent registered public accounting firm reports on internal controls as part of our Annual Report on Form 10-K in order to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We have evaluated our controls, including compliance with the SEC rules on internal controls, and have and expect to continue to spend significant amounts of time and money on compliance with these rules. Our failure to comply with these internal control rules may materially adversely affect our reputation, ability to obtain the necessary certifications to financial statements, and the values of our securities. The assessments of our financial reporting controls as of December 31, 2023 are included in this Report under Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 The Federal Reserve also requires bank holding companies meeting certain asset size thresholds, such as us, to establish and maintain a risk committee of its board of directors and appoint a chief risk officer, each meeting certain requirements. 
 Volcker Rule 
 Section 13 of the BHC Act, commonly referred to as the Volcker Rule, generally prohibits us and our subsidiaries from (i) engaging in certain proprietary trading and (ii) acquiring or retaining an ownership interest in or sponsoring a covered fund, all subject to certain exceptions. The Volcker Rule also specifies certain limited activities in which we and our subsidiaries may continue to engage and requires us to maintain a compliance program. 
 Incentive Compensation 
 The Dodd-Frank Act required the federal banking agencies and the SEC to establish joint rules or guidelines for financial institutions with more than 1 billion in assets, such as us and Synovus Bank, which prohibit incentive compensation arrangements that the agencies determine to encourage inappropriate risks by the institution. The federal banking agencies issued proposed rules in 2011 and previously issued guidance on sound incentive compensation policies. In 2016, the federal banking agencies and the SEC proposed rules that would, depending upon the assets of the institution, directly regulate incentive compensation arrangements and would require enhanced oversight and recordkeeping. As of December 31, 2023, these rules have not been implemented, although the SEC did adopt final rules implementing the clawback provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act in 2022, and the NYSE did adopt corresponding listing standards for clawback policies in 2023. We and Synovus Bank have undertaken efforts to ensure that our incentive compensation plans do not encourage inappropriate risks, consistent with three key principles - that incentive compensation arrangements should appropriately balance risk and financial rewards, be compatible with effective controls and risk management, and be supported by strong corporate governance. 
 Other Regulatory Matters 
 We and our subsidiaries are subject to oversight by the SEC, the FINRA, the PCAOB, the NYSE, and various state securities and insurance regulators. We and our subsidiaries have from time to time received requests for information from regulatory authorities in various states, including state attorneys general, securities regulators, and other regulatory authorities concerning our business practices. Such requests are considered incidental to the normal conduct of business. 
 Capital Requirements 
 We and Synovus Bank are required under federal law to maintain certain minimum capital levels based on ratios of capital to total assets and capital to risk-weighted assets. The required capital ratios are minimums, and the Federal Reserve may 
 8 

determine that a banking organization based on its size, complexity, or risk profile must maintain a higher level of capital in order to operate in a safe and sound manner. Risks such as concentration of credit risks and the risk arising from nontraditional activities, as well as the institution s exposure to a decline in the economic value of its capital due to changes in interest rates, and an institution s ability to manage those risks, are important factors that are to be taken into account in assessing an institution s overall capital adequacy. The following is a brief description of the relevant provisions of these capital rules and their potential impact on our capital levels. 
 We and Synovus Bank are subject to the following risk-based capital ratios: a CET1 risk-based capital ratio, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, which includes CET1 and additional Tier 1 capital, and a total risk-based capital ratio, which includes Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. CET1 is primarily comprised of the sum of common stock instruments and related surplus net of treasury stock plus retained earnings less certain adjustments and deductions, including with respect to goodwill, intangible assets, mortgage servicing assets, and deferred tax assets subject to temporary timing differences. Additional Tier 1 capital is primarily comprised of noncumulative perpetual preferred stock. Tier 2 capital consists of instruments disqualified from Tier 1 capital, including qualifying subordinated debt and a limited amount of loan loss reserves up to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets, subject to certain eligibility criteria. The capital rules also define the risk-weights assigned to assets and off-balance sheet items to determine the risk-weighted asset components of the risk-based capital rules, including, for example, certain high volatility commercial real estate, past due assets, structured securities, and equity holdings. 
 The leverage capital ratio, which serves as a minimum capital standard, is the ratio of Tier 1 capital to quarterly average total consolidated assets net of goodwill, certain other intangible assets, and certain required deduction items. The required minimum leverage ratio for all banks and bank holding companies is 4 . 
 In addition, effective January 1, 2019, the capital rules required a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 above each of the minimum risk-based capital ratio requirements (CET1, Tier 1, and total capital), which is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. These buffer requirements must be met for a bank or bank holding company to be able to pay dividends, engage in share buybacks, or make discretionary bonus payments to executive management without restriction. 
 The FDICIA, among other things, requires the federal bank regulatory agencies to take prompt corrective action regarding depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. FDICIA establishes five regulatory capital tiers: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. A depository institution s capital tier will depend upon how its capital levels compare to various relevant capital measures and certain other factors, as established by regulation. FDICIA generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distribution (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its holding company if the depository institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. The FDICIA imposes progressively more restrictive restraints on operations, management, and capital distributions depending on the category in which an institution is classified. Undercapitalized depository institutions are subject to restrictions on borrowing from the Federal Reserve System. In addition, undercapitalized depository institutions may not accept brokered deposits absent a waiver from the FDIC, are subject to growth limitations, and are required to submit capital restoration plans for regulatory approval. A depository institution's holding company must guarantee any required capital restoration plan up to an amount equal to the lesser of 5 of the depository institution's assets at the time it becomes undercapitalized or the amount of the capital deficiency when the institution fails to comply with the plan. Federal banking agencies may not accept a capital plan without determining, among other things, that the plan is based on realistic assumptions and is likely to succeed in restoring the depository institution's capital. If a depository institution fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is significantly undercapitalized. 
 To be well-capitalized, Synovus Bank must maintain at least the following capital ratios: 
 6.5 CET1 to risk-weighted assets; 
 8.0 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets; 
 10.0 Total capital to risk-weighted assets; and 
 5.0 leverage ratio. 
 The Federal Reserve has not yet revised the well-capitalized standard for bank holding companies to reflect the higher capital requirements imposed under the current capital rules applicable to banks. For purposes of the Federal Reserve s Regulation Y, including determining whether a bank holding company meets the requirements to be a financial holding company, bank holding companies, such as the Company, must maintain a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater and a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater to be well-capitalized. Also, the Federal Reserve may require bank holding companies, including the Company, to maintain capital ratios substantially in excess of mandated minimum levels depending upon general economic conditions and a bank holding company s particular condition, risk profile, and growth plans. 
 Failure to be well-capitalized or to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have an adverse material effect on our operations or financial condition. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements could also result in restrictions on the Company s or Synovus 
 9 

Bank s ability to pay dividends or otherwise distribute capital or to receive regulatory approval of applications or other restrictions on its growth. 
 In 2023, the Company s and Synovus Bank s regulatory capital ratios were above the applicable well-capitalized standards and met the capital conservation buffer. Based on current estimates, we believe that the Company and Synovus Bank will continue to exceed all applicable well-capitalized regulatory capital requirements and the capital conservation buffer in 2024. As of December 31, 2023, the consolidated capital ratios of Synovus and Synovus Bank were as follows: 
 Table 1 Capital Ratios as of December 31, 2023 Synovus Synovus Bank CET1 capital ratio 10.22 10.93 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 11.28 10.93 Total risk-based capital ratio 13.07 12.29 Leverage ratio 9.49 9.21 
 See "Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Capital Resources" and "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 10 - Regulatory Capital" of this Report for further information. 
 On August 26, 2020, the federal banking regulators issued a final rule that allowed electing banking organizations that adopted CECL during 2020 to mitigate the estimated effects of CECL on regulatory capital for two years, followed by a three-year phase-in transition perio d. Synovus adopted CECL on January 1, 2020, and Synovus' December 31, 2023 regulatory capital ratios reflect Synovus' election of the five-year transition provision. 
 Payment of Dividends 
 We are a legal entity separate and distinct from Synovus Bank and our other subsidiaries. Under the laws of the State of Georgia, we, as a business corporation, may declare and pay dividends in cash or property unless the payment or declaration would be contrary to restrictions contained in our Articles of Incorporation, or unless, after payment of the dividend, we would not be able to pay our debts when they become due in the usual course of our business or our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities. In addition, we are also subject to federal regulatory capital requirements that effectively limit the amount of cash dividends that we may pay. 
 The primary sources of funds for our payment of dividends to our shareholders are cash on hand and dividends from Synovus Bank and our non-bank subsidiaries. Various federal and state statutory provisions and regulations limit the amount of dividends that Synovus Bank may pay. Synovus Bank is a Georgia bank. Under the regulations of the GA DBF, a Georgia bank must have approval of the GA DBF to pay cash dividends if, at the time of such payment: 
 the ratio of Tier 1 capital to average total assets is less than 6 ; 
 the aggregate amount of dividends to be declared or anticipated to be declared during the current calendar year exceeds 50 of its net income for the previous calendar year; or 
 its total adversely classified assets in its most recent regulatory examination exceeded 80 of its Tier 1 capital plus its allowance for loan losses. 
 The Georgia Financial Institutions Code also contains restrictions on the ability of a Georgia bank to pay dividends other than from retained earnings without the approval of the GA DBF. As a result of the foregoing restrictions, Synovus Bank may be required to seek approval from the GA DBF to pay dividends. 
 In addition, we and Synovus Bank are subject to various general regulatory policies and requirements relating to the payment of dividends, including requirements to maintain adequate capital above regulatory minimums. The Federal Reserve has indicated that paying dividends that deplete a bank s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice. The Federal Reserve has indicated that depository institutions and their holding companies should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. 
 Under a Federal Reserve policy adopted in 2009, the board of directors of a bank holding company must consider different factors to ensure that its dividend level is prudent relative to maintaining a strong financial position and is not based on overly optimistic earnings scenarios, such as potential events that could affect its ability to pay, while still maintaining a strong financial position. As a general matter, the Federal Reserve has indicated that the board of directors of a bank holding company should consult with the Federal Reserve and eliminate, defer, or significantly reduce the bank holding company s dividends if: 
 10 

its net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; 
 its prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with its capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or 
 it will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. 
 Regulation of the Bank 
 Synovus Bank, which is a member of the Federal Reserve System, is subject to comprehensive supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve, and is subject to its regulatory reporting requirements, as well as supervision and regulation by the GA DBF. As a member bank of the Federal Reserve System, Synovus Bank is required to hold stock in its district Federal Reserve Bank in an amount equal to 6 of its capital stock and surplus (half paid to acquire stock with the remainder held as a cash reserve). Member banks do not have any control over the Federal Reserve System as a result of owning the stock and the stock cannot be sold or traded. The annual dividend rate for member banks that are the size of Synovus Bank is based on a floating dividend rate tied to 10-year U.S. Treasuries with the maximum dividend rate capped at 6 . 
 The deposits of Synovus Bank are insured by the FDIC up to applicable limits, and, accordingly, Synovus Bank is also subject to certain FDIC regulations, and the FDIC has backup examination authority and some enforcement powers over Synovus Bank. Synovus Trust, a subsidiary of Synovus Bank that provides trust services, is organized as a national trust bank and thus is subject to supervision and regulation by the OCC. 
 In addition, as discussed in more detail below, Synovus Bank and any other of our subsidiaries that offer consumer financial products and services are subject to regulation and supervision by the CFPB. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act permits states to adopt consumer protection laws and regulations that are stricter than those regulations promulgated by the CFPB, and state attorneys general are permitted to enforce certain federal consumer financial protection law. 
 Broadly, regulations applicable to Synovus Bank include limitations on loans to a single borrower and to its directors, officers, and employees; restrictions on the opening and closing of branch offices; the maintenance of required capital ratios; the granting of credit under equal and fair conditions; the disclosure of the costs and terms of such credit; requirements to maintain reserves against deposits and loans; limitations on the types of investment that may be made by Synovus Bank; and requirements governing risk management practices. Subject to Federal Reserve approval and certain state filing requirements, Synovus Bank is permitted under federal law to branch on a de novo basis across state lines wherever the laws of that state would permit a bank chartered by that state to establish a branch. 
 Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders 
 Synovus Bank is subject to restrictions on extensions of credit and certain other transactions between Synovus Bank and the Company or any nonbank affiliate. Generally, these covered transactions with either the Company or any affiliate are limited to 10 of Synovus Bank s capital and surplus, and all such transactions between Synovus Bank and the Company and all of its nonbank affiliates combined are limited to 20 of Synovus Bank s capital and surplus. Loans and other extensions of credit from Synovus Bank to the Company or any affiliate generally are required to be secured by eligible collateral in specified amounts. In addition, any transaction between Synovus Bank and the Company or any affiliate are required to be on an arm s length basis. Federal banking laws also place similar restrictions on certain extensions of credit by insured banks, such as Synovus Bank, to their directors, executive officers, and principal shareholders. 
 FDIC Insurance Assessments and Depositor Preference 
 Synovus Bank s deposits are insured by the FDIC s DIF up to the limits under applicable law, which currently are set at 250,000 per depositor, per insured bank, for each account ownership category. Synovus Bank is subject to FDIC assessments for its deposit insurance. The FDIC calculates quarterly deposit insurance assessments based on an institution s average total consolidated assets less its average tangible equity, and applies one of four risk categories determined by reference to its capital levels, supervisory ratings, and certain other factors. The assessment rate schedule can change from time to time, at the discretion of the FDIC, subject to certain limits. 
 As of June 30, 2020, the DIF reserve ratio fell to 1.30 , below the statutory minimum of 1.35 . The FDIC, as required under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, established a plan on September 15, 2020 to restore the DIF reserve ratio to meet or exceed the statutory minimum of 1.35 within eight years. On October 18, 2022, the FDIC adopted an amended restoration plan to increase the likelihood that the reserve ratio would be restored to at least 1.35 by September 30, 2028. The FDIC's amended restoration plan increased the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 bps, beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The FDIC could further increase the deposit insurance assessments for certain insured depository institutions, including Synovus Bank, if the DIF reserve ratio is not restored as projected. 
 11 

In November 2023, the FDIC approved a final rule to implement a special assessment to recover the loss to the DIF associated with several bank failures that occurred during the first half of 2023. The assessment base for the special assessment is equal to a bank's uninsured deposits reported as of December 31, 2022, adjusted to exclude the first 5 billion, to be collected at an annual rate of approximately 13.4 bps for an anticipated total of eight quarterly assessment periods, beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2024. 
 Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order, or condition imposed by a bank s federal regulatory agency. In addition, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act provides that, in the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors of the institution, including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors, and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver, will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution, including those of the parent bank holding company. 
 Standards for Safety and Soundness 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Act requires the federal bank regulatory agencies to prescribe, by regulation or guideline, operational and managerial standards for all insured depository institutions relating to: (i) internal controls; (ii) information systems and audit systems; (iii) loan documentation; (iv) credit underwriting; (v) interest rate risk exposure; and (vi) asset quality. The federal banking agencies have adopted regulations and Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safety and Soundness to implement these required standards. These guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards used to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. Under the regulations, if a regulator determines that a bank fails to meet any standards prescribed by the guidelines, the regulator may require the bank to submit an acceptable plan to achieve compliance, consistent with deadlines for the submission and review of such safety and soundness compliance plans. 
 Anti-Money Laundering 
 A continued focus of governmental policy relating to financial institutions in recent years has been combating money laundering and terrorist financing. The USA PATRIOT Act broadened the application of anti-money laundering regulations to apply to additional types of financial institutions such as broker-dealers, investment advisors, and insurance companies, and strengthened the ability of the U.S. government to help prevent, detect, and prosecute international money laundering and the financing of terrorism. The principal provisions of Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act require that regulated financial institutions, including state member banks: (i) establish an anti-money laundering program that includes training and audit components; (ii) comply with regulations regarding the verification of the identity of any person seeking to open an account; (iii) take additional required precautions with non-U.S. owned accounts; and (iv) perform certain verification and certification of money laundering risk for their foreign correspondent banking relationships. Failure of a financial institution to comply with the USA PATRIOT Act s requirements could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution. Synovus Bank has augmented its systems and procedures to meet the requirements of these regulations and will continue to revise and update its policies, procedures, and controls to reflect changes required by law. 
 FinCEN has adopted rules that require financial institutions to obtain beneficial ownership information with respect to legal entities with which such institutions conduct business, subject to certain exclusions and exemptions. Bank regulators are focusing their examinations on anti-money laundering compliance, and we continue to monitor and augment, where necessary, our anti-money laundering compliance programs. Banking regulators will consider compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act s money laundering provisions in acting upon merger and acquisition proposals. Bank regulators routinely examine institutions for compliance with these obligations and have been active in imposing cease and desist and other regulatory orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations. Sanctions for violations of the USA PATRIOT Act can be imposed in an amount equal to twice the sum involved in the violating transaction up to 1 million. On January 1, 2021, Congress passed federal legislation that made sweeping changes to federal anti-money laundering laws, including changes that will be implemented in subsequent years. 
 Economic Sanctions 
 OFAC is responsible for helping to ensure that U.S. entities do not engage in transactions with certain prohibited parties, as defined by various executive orders and acts of Congress. OFAC publishes, and routinely updates, lists of names of persons and organizations suspected of aiding, harboring, or engaging in terrorist acts, including the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List. If we find a name on any transaction, account, or wire transfer that is on an OFAC list, we must undertake certain specified activities, which could include blocking or freezing the account or transaction requested, and we must notify the appropriate authorities. 
 12 

Concentrations in Lending 
 During 2006, the federal bank regulatory agencies released guidance on Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending and advised financial institutions of the risks posed by CRE lending concentrations. The guidance requires that appropriate processes be in place to identify, monitor, and control risks associated with real estate lending concentrations. Higher allowances for loan losses and capital levels may also be required. The guidance is triggered when CRE loan concentrations exceed either: 
 total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land of 100 or more of a bank s total risk-based capital; or 
 total reported loans secured by multifamily and nonfarm nonresidential properties and loans for construction, land development, and other land of 300 or more of a bank s total risk-based capital. 
 This guidance also applies when a bank has a sharp increase in CRE loans or has significant concentrations of CRE secured by a particular property type. We have always had exposures to loans secured by CRE due to the nature of our markets and the borrowing needs of both consumer and commercial clients. We believe our long-term experience in CRE lending, underwriting policies, internal controls, and other policies currently in place, as well as our loan and credit monitoring and administration procedures, are generally appropriate in managing our concentrations as required under the guidance. 
 Debit Interchange Fees 
 Interchange fees, or "swipe" fees, are fees that merchants pay to credit card companies and card-issuing banks such as Synovus Bank for processing electronic payment transactions on their behalf. The maximum permissible interchange fee that a non-exempt issuer such as Synovus Bank may receive for an electronic debit transaction is the sum of 21 cents per transaction and 5 bps multiplied by the value of the transaction, subject to an upward adjustment of 1 cent if an issuer certifies that it has implemented policies and procedures reasonably designed to achieve the fraud-prevention standards set forth by the Federal Reserve. In addition, card issuers and networks are prohibited from entering into arrangements requiring that debit card transactions be processed on a single network or only two affiliated networks, and allows merchants to determine transaction routing. 
 On October 25, 2023, the Federal Reserve proposed to lower the maximum interchange fee that a large debit card issuer can receive for a debit card transaction. The proposal would also establish a regular process for updating the maximum amount every other year going forward. We continue to monitor the development of these proposed rule revisions. 
 Community Reinvestment Act 
 Synovus Bank is subject to the provisions of the CRA, which imposes a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with safe and sound operation, to help meet the credit needs of entire communities where the bank accepts deposits, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The Federal Reserve s assessment of Synovus Bank s CRA record is made available to the public. CRA agreements with private parties must be disclosed and annual CRA reports must be made to the Federal Reserve. A bank holding company will not be permitted to become or remain a financial holding company and no new activities authorized under GLB may be commenced by a holding company or by a bank financial subsidiary if any of its bank subsidiaries received less than a satisfactory CRA rating in its latest CRA examination. Federal CRA regulations require, among other things, that evidence of discrimination against applicants on a prohibited basis and illegal or abusive lending practices be considered in the CRA evaluation. Synovus Bank has a rating of Satisfactory in its most recent CRA evaluation. 
 On October 24, 2023, the OCC, Federal Reserve, and FDIC issued a final rule to modernize their respective CRA regulations. The revised rules substantially alter the methodology for assessing compliance with the CRA, with material aspects taking effect January 1, 2026 and revised data reporting requirements taking effect January 1, 2027. Among other things, the revised rules evaluate lending outside traditional assessment areas generated by the growth of non-branch delivery systems, such as online and mobile banking, apply a metrics-based benchmarking approach to assessment, and clarify eligible CRA activities. The final rules are likely to make it more challenging and/or costly for the Bank to receive a rating of at least "Satisfactory" on its CRA exam. 
 Privacy, Credit Reporting, and Data Security 
 The GLB generally prohibits disclosure of non-public consumer information to non-affiliated third parties unless the consumer has been given the opportunity to object and has not objected to such disclosure. Financial institutions are further required to disclose their privacy policies to clients annually. Financial institutions, however, will be required to comply with state law if it is more protective of consumer privacy than the GLB. The GLB also directed federal regulators to prescribe standards for the security of consumer information. Synovus Bank is subject to such standards, as well as standards for notifying clients in the event of a security breach. Synovus Bank utilizes credit bureau data in underwriting activities. Use of such data is regulated under the Fair Credit Reporting Act and Regulation V on a uniform, nationwide basis, including credit reporting, 
 13 

prescreening, and sharing of information between affiliates and the use of credit data. The Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, which amended the Fair Credit Reporting Act, permits states to enact identity theft laws that are not inconsistent with the conduct required by the provisions of that Act. Clients must be notified when unauthorized disclosure involves sensitive client information that may be misused. On November 18, 2021, the federal banking agencies issued a new rule effective in 2022 that requires banks to notify their primary federal regulator within 36 hours of a computer-security incident that rises to the level of a notification incident. In addition, effective in December 2023, the SEC issued a new rule that requires registrants to disclose material cybersecurity incidents within four business days. 
 The federal banking regulators regularly issue guidance regarding cybersecurity intended to enhance cyber risk management standards among financial institutions. As a result, financial institutions, like Synovus and Synovus Bank, are expected to establish multiple lines of defense and to ensure their risk management processes address the risk posed by potential threats to the institution. A financial institution s management is expected to maintain sufficient processes to effectively respond and recover the institution s operations after a cyber-attack. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations if a critical service provider of the institution falls victim to this type of cyber-attack. In addition, effective in December 2023, the SEC enhanced and standardized the disclosure obligations related to a registrant's cybersecurity risk management, strategy, and governance. Our information security protocols are designed in part to adhere to the requirements of bank regulatory guidance and these enhanced SEC disclosure requirements. See "Part I - Item 1C. Cybersecurity" of this Report for additional information on cybersecurity. 
 State regulators have also been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations. Recently, several states have adopted regulations requiring certain financial institutions to implement cybersecurity programs and providing detailed requirements with respect to these programs, including data encryption requirements. Many states have also recently implemented or modified their data breach notification and data privacy requirements. We expect this trend of state-level activity in those areas to continue and are continually monitoring developments in the states in which our clients are located. 
 Anti-Tying Restrictions 
 In general, a bank may not extend credit, lease, sell property, or furnish any services or fix or vary the consideration for them on the condition that (i) the client obtain or provide some additional credit, property, or services from or to the bank or bank holding company or their subsidiaries or (ii) the client not obtain some other credit, property, or services from a competitor, except to the extent reasonable conditions are imposed to assure the soundness of the credit extended. A bank may, however, offer combined-balance products and may otherwise offer more favorable terms if a client obtains two or more traditional bank products. The law also expressly permits banks to engage in other forms of tying and authorizes the Federal Reserve Board to grant additional exceptions by regulation or order. Also, certain foreign transactions are exempt from the general rule. 
 Consumer Regulation 
 Activities of Synovus Bank are subject to a variety of statutes and regulations designed to protect consumers. These laws and regulations include, among numerous other things, provisions that: 
 limit the interest and other charges collected or contracted for by Synovus Bank, including rules respecting the terms of credit cards and of debit card overdrafts; 
 govern Synovus Bank s disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; 
 require Synovus Bank to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether it is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the communities it serves; 
 prohibit Synovus Bank from discriminating on the basis of race, creed, or other prohibited factors when it makes decisions to extend credit; 
 govern the manner in which Synovus Bank may collect consumer debts; and 
 prohibit unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices in the provision of consumer financial products and services. 
 Mortgage Regulation 
 The CFPB adopted a rule that implements the ability-to-repay and qualified mortgage provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act (the ATR/QM rule ), which requires lenders to consider, among other things, income, employment status, assets, payment amounts, and credit history before approving a mortgage, and provides a compliance safe harbor for lenders that issue certain qualified mortgages. The ATR/QM rule defines a qualified mortgage to have certain specified characteristics and generally prohibits loans with negative amortization, interest-only payments, balloon payments, or terms exceeding 30 years from being qualified mortgages. The rule also establishes general underwriting criteria for qualified mortgages, including that monthly payments be calculated based on the highest payment that will apply in the first five years of the loan and that the borrower have a total debt-to-income ratio that is less than or equal to 43 . While qualified mortgages will generally be afforded safe harbor status, a rebuttable presumption of compliance with the ability-to-repay requirements will attach to qualified mortgages that are higher 
 14 

priced mortgages (which are generally subprime loans). In addition, the securitizer of asset-backed securities must retain not less than 5 of the credit risk of the assets collateralizing the asset-backed securities, unless subject to an exemption for asset-backed securities that are collateralized exclusively by residential mortgages that qualify as qualified residential mortgages. 
 The CFPB has also issued rules to implement requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act pertaining to mortgage loan origination (including with respect to loan originator compensation and loan originator qualifications) as well as integrated mortgage disclosure rules. In addition, the CFPB has issued rules that require servicers to comply with certain standards and practices with regard to error correction; information disclosure; force-placement of insurance; information management policies and procedures; requiring information about mortgage loss mitigation options be provided to delinquent borrowers; providing delinquent borrowers access to servicer personnel with continuity of contact about the borrower s mortgage loan account; and evaluating borrowers applications for available loss mitigation options. These rules also address initial rate adjustment notices for adjustable-rate mortgages, periodic statements for residential mortgage loans, and prompt crediting of mortgage payments and response to requests for payoff amounts. 
 Non-Discrimination Policies 
 Synovus Bank is also subject to, among other things, the provisions of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act ("ECOA") and the Fair Housing Act ("FHA"), both of which prohibit discrimination based on race or color, religion, national origin, sex, and familial status in any aspect of a consumer or commercial credit or residential real estate transaction. The Department of Justice ("DOJ") and the federal bank regulatory agencies have issued an Interagency Policy Statement on Discrimination in Lending that provides guidance to financial institutions in determining whether discrimination exists, how the agencies will respond to lending discrimination, and what steps lenders might take to prevent discriminatory lending practices. The DOJ has increased its efforts to prosecute what it regards as violations of the ECOA and FHA. 
 LIBOR 
 On March 15, 2022, Congress enacted the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the "LIBOR Act") to address references to LIBOR in contracts that: (i) are governed by U.S. law; (ii) will not mature before June 30, 2023; and (iii) lack fallback provisions providing for a clearly defined and practicable replacement for LIBOR. On December 16, 2022, the FRB adopted a final rule to implement the LIBOR Act by identifying benchmark rates based on SOFR that will replace LIBOR in certain financial contracts after June 30, 2023. As of the June 30, 2023 deadline, Synovus had made a concerted effort to eliminate LIBOR-based exposures by discontinuing the use of LIBOR in new business and by amending LIBOR-based contracts for legacy exposures to transition to other acceptable indexes. As of December 31, 2023, there was approximately 3 million of loan exposures which were still accruing on LIBOR but which will transition to SOFR upon their next index reset period. Additionally, there are various other exposures, most notably derivatives, which will transition to SOFR upon the next reset period in a manner that is consistent with industry practice. 
 In addition, one of the alternative successor benchmark rates to LIBOR, BSBY, will be permanently discontinued effective November 15, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, there was approximately 160 million of customer derivative exposure on BSBY and approximately 800 million of loan exposures accruing on BSBY. Actions are underway to modify these loans to alternative index rates or to convert these loans under existing fallback language. Synovus does not believe that significant further actions will be required as part of the effort to adhere to the industry LIBOR or BSBY transition. 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.synovus.com . We file with or furnish to the SEC Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and annual reports to shareholders, and, from time to time, amendments to these documents and other documents called for by the SEC. The reports and other documents filed with or furnished to the SEC are available to investors on or through our website at investor.synovus.com under the heading Financial Information and then under SEC Filings. These reports are available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with the SEC. 
 In addition, the SEC maintains an internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, such as Synovus, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is www.sec.gov . 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for our directors, officers, and employees and have also adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Corporate Governance Guidelines, and the charters of our Board committees, as well as information on how to contact our Board of Directors, are available in the Corporate Governance Section of our website at investor.synovus.com/governance . We will post any waivers of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics granted to our directors or executive officers on our website at investor.synovus.com . 
 We include our website addresses throughout this filing only as textual references. The information contained on our website is not incorporated in this document by reference. 
 15 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 This section highlights the material risks that we currently face. Please be aware that these risks may change over time and other risks may prove to be important in the future. New risks may emerge at any time, and we cannot predict such risks or estimate the extent to which they may affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations or the trading price of our securities. 
 Strategic Risk 
 Competition in the financial services industry may adversely affect our future earnings and growth. 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment and our profitability and future growth depends on our ability to compete successfully based on such factors as pricing, convenience, product offerings, technology, accessibility, quality of service, and client relationships. We face pricing competition for loans and deposits and, in order for us to compete for borrowers and depositors, we may be required to offer loans and deposits on terms less favorable to us, including lower rates on our loans and higher rates on our deposits. Certain of our competitors are larger and have more resources than we do, enabling them to be more aggressive than us in competing across the financial services landscape and investing in new products, technology and services. In addition, the ability of non-bank competitors to provide services previously limited to commercial banks has intensified the competition we face. These non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations that govern us and, therefore, may be able to operate with greater flexibility and lower cost structures. Non-bank competitors can also operate in areas or offer certain products that may be considered speculative or risky. This significant competition in making loans and attracting and retaining deposits as well as in providing other financial services may impact our future earnings and growth. 
 Furthermore, the financial services industry could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes, and continued consolidation. 
 While we cannot predict the actions of state or federal legislatures or regulators, there is increasing likelihood that the bank regulatory landscape could shift due to legislation or regulatory action. Any material change to federal or state banking laws, regulations, or enforcement position could result in increased competition or make it more difficult for banks of our size to compete, either broadly or in specific segments of our business. 
 Technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks and smaller banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by larger banks. Competitors adopting new technologies or changes to consumer behaviors or expectations could require us to make significant expenditures to modify or make additions to our current products and services. 
 There has also been increasing consolidation among regional banks similar in size or larger than us resulting in even larger banks. The resulting larger banks, as well as many other banks that are larger than us, may be able to achieve economies of scale due to their size and, as a result, may be able to operate more efficiently than us and also offer a broader range of products and services than we do, as well as better pricing for those products and services. 
 We may not realize the expected benefits from our strategic initiatives and other operational and execution goals, either in whole or in part, which could negatively impact our future profitability. 
 In the current competitive banking environment, overall revenue growth must outpace operating costs, which requires the successful execution of both growth and efficiency initiatives. In addition, we must continue to implement strategies to grow our product and service offerings and keep pace with changing technologies and client expectations in order to realize continued earnings growth and to remain competitive with the other banks and non-bank financial services providers in the markets we serve. We are continuously implementing strategic initiatives to achieve growth, reduce expense, and unlock efficiencies. Our current initiatives include, but are not limited to, expanding our banking-as-a-service capabilities, growing our corporate and investment banking and middle market commercial banking divisions, developing certain digital asset capabilities and products, and investing in the bank of the future through automation, artificial intelligence, digital, and analytics. While we have realized growth and efficiency gains as a result of current and past initiatives, there is no guarantee that these initiatives will be successful in supporting growth or achieving the expected level of future savings and revenue enhancements that we anticipate. Additionally, any new service and product offerings, particularly digital offerings, will compete directly with other Synovus Bank product and service offerings. Consequently, any realized revenue from such growth initiatives may correspond to decreased revenue from other Synovus Bank product and service offerings. 
 Furthermore, our strategic initiatives may result in an increase in expense, divert management attention, take away from other opportunities that may have proved more successful, negatively impact operational effectiveness or impact employee morale. In addition, management expects to continue to make strategic investments in technology and talent that are expected to improve our client experience and support future growth which will require an increase in our expenditures. There can be no assurance that we will ultimately realize the anticipated benefits of these strategic initiatives, or that these strategic initiatives 
 16 

will positively impact our organization. These initiatives may fail to meet our own or our client s expectations and may fail to keep pace with bank and non-bank competition and we may realize significant losses as a result. 
 Finally, changes to the bank regulatory landscape generally, but particularly with respect to digital product offerings and third-party service providers, could negatively impact and undermine the rationale behind several of our initiatives. 
 The implementation of new lines of business, new products and services, and new technologies may subject us to additional risk. 
 We have launched or enhanced a number of lines of business, products and services, and technologies, including, among others, those related to our banking-as-a-service capabilities, corporate and investment banking initiatives, treasury and payments solutions business, and asset-based and structured lending capabilities. An important part of our business strategy is to continue these efforts to implement new products, services, and technologies designed to better serve our clients and respond to digitization trends in banking. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts. Initial timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business, new products or services, and/or new technologies may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. Additionally, such new products, services, and technologies often increase our reliance on third-party service providers. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business, a new product or service, and/or new technologies. Furthermore, any new line of business, new product or service, and/or new technology could require the establishment of new key controls and other controls and have a significant impact on our existing system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business, products, or services could have a material adverse effect on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may pursue bank and non-bank acquisition opportunities as they arise. However, even if we identify attractive acquisition opportunities, we may not be able to complete such acquisitions on favorable terms or realize the anticipated benefits from such acquisitions. 
 While we continue to focus on organic growth opportunities, we may pursue attractive bank or non-bank acquisition and consolidation opportunities that arise in our core markets and beyond. The number of financial institutions headquartered within our footprint and across the country continues to decline through merger and other consolidation activity. In the event that attractive acquisition opportunities arise, we would likely face competition for such acquisitions from other banking and financial companies, many of which have significantly greater resources and may have more attractive valuations. This competition could either prevent us from being able to complete attractive acquisition opportunities or increase prices for potential acquisitions which could reduce our potential returns and reduce the attractiveness of these opportunities. Furthermore, even if we are able to identify and complete acquisitions, the terms of such acquisitions may not be favorable to us or we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits from such acquisitions. In addition, all acquisitions are subject to various regulatory approvals, and if we were unable (or there was a perception that we would be unable) to obtain such approvals for any reason, including due to any actual or perceived capital, liquidity, profitability, or regulatory compliance issues, it would impair our ability to consummate acquisitions. Any acquisition could also be dilutive to our earnings and shareholders equity per share of our common stock. 
 Operational Risk 
 Failure to attract and retain employees may adversely impact our ability to successfully execute our growth and efficiency strategies. 
 Our financial success depends upon our ability to attract and retain diverse, highly motivated, and well-qualified personnel that we rely on to execute all aspects of our business. We face increasingly significant competition in the recruitment of qualified employees at all levels from financial institutions and others. Moreover, the banking industry continues to transform due to technological innovation, increased demand for workplace flexibility, and competition for talent from non-bank financial services providers, and our ability to recruit and retain qualified individuals that bring a diversity of perspective and innovative thinking to our teams is both more difficult and more necessary. These trends, combined with labor shortages, have resulted in generally increased labor costs. Such trends may continue in the near term, which may result in further challenges in hiring and retaining employees throughout the organization. We must continually assess and manage how our talent needs change over time and failure to meet such needs may have a negative impact on our ability to compete. 
 In addition, our future growth and the continued diversification of our loan portfolio depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain the right mix of well-qualified employees. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, our ability to execute our business strategies may suffer and we may be required to substantially increase our overall compensation or benefits to attract and retain such employees. Furthermore, we generally do not have employment agreements with our frontline employees, management team, or other key employees and cannot guarantee that our employees will remain with us. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of our key personnel, especially members of our senior management team, 
 17 

could have a material adverse impact on the business because we would lose their skills, knowledge of the market, and years of industry experience and may have difficulty promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. In addition, the unexpected loss or inability to hire or retain branch-level employees could have a material adverse impact on our ability to increase deposits, generate frontline revenue, and properly service our clients. 
 Furthermore, we have had a number of employee changes resulting from our voluntary early retirement program in 2023 and certain leadership changes over the last several years. Such changes can be inherently difficult to manage, and an inadequate transition may cause disruption to our business, including our relationships with our clients, suppliers, vendors, and employees. It may also make it more difficult for us to hire and retain key employees. In addition, any failure to ensure the effective transfer of knowledge and a smooth leadership transition could hinder our strategic planning, execution, and future performance. 
 The financial services market is undergoing rapid technological changes, and if we are unable to stay current with those changes, we will not be able to effectively compete. 
 The financial services market, including banking services, is undergoing rapid changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services, primarily related to increased digitization of banking services and capabilities (including those related to or involving artificial intelligence, machine learning, blockchain, and other technologies) and increased demand for mobile banking solutions. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to keep pace with these technological changes and to use technology to satisfy and grow client demand for our products and services and to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Our substantial investments in digital banking solutions, technology, and information systems will increase our dependency on third-party service providers and such investments may underperform expectations and could result in unexpected losses. Some of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements and have invested more heavily than us, and will continue to be able to do so, in developing and adopting new technologies, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage. Some of these competitors consist of financial technology providers who are beginning to offer more traditional banking products and may either acquire a bank charter or obtain a bank-like charter, such as the Fintech charter provided by the OCC. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services, be successful in marketing these products and services to our clients or keep pace with our competitors in this arena. As a result, our ability to effectively compete to retain or acquire new business may be impaired, and our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 We may not be able to successfully implement current or future information technology system enhancements and operational initiatives, which could adversely affect our business operations and profitability. 
 We continue to invest significant resources in our core information technology systems, including by deepening and expanding our use of cloud-based applications, in order to provide functionality and security at an appropriate level, and to improve our operating efficiency and to streamline our client experience. These initiatives significantly increase the complexity of our relationships with third-party service providers and such relationships may be difficult to unwind. We may not be able to successfully implement and integrate such system enhancements and initiatives, which could adversely impact our ability to comply with a number of legal and regulatory requirements, which could result in sanctions from regulatory authorities. In addition, these projects could have higher than expected costs and/or result in operating inefficiencies, which could increase the costs associated with the implementation as well as ongoing operations. Failure to properly utilize system enhancements that are implemented in the future could result in impairment charges that adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations, could result in significant costs to remediate or replace the defective components, and could impact our ability to compete. In addition, we may incur significant training, licensing, maintenance, consulting, and amortization expense during and after implementation, and any such costs may continue for an extended period of time. As such, we cannot guarantee that the anticipated long-term benefits of these system enhancements and operational initiatives will be realized. 
 We rely extensively on information technology systems to operate our business and an interruption or security breach may disrupt our business operations, result in reputational harm, and have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 As a complex financial institution, we rely extensively on our information technology systems to operate our business, including to process, record, and monitor a large number of client transactions on a continuous basis. As client, public, and regulatory expectations regarding operational and information security have increased, our operational systems and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, disruptions, and breakdowns. Our business, financial, accounting, data processing systems, or other operating systems and facilities may stop operating properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. For example, there could be sudden increases in client transaction volume; electrical or telecommunications outages; natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes, and hurricanes; disease pandemics; events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; and, as described below, cyber-attacks. While we have policies, procedures, and systems designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions, or breaches in security of information systems and 
 18 

business continuity programs designed to provide services in the case of such events, there is no guarantee that these safeguards or programs will address all of the threats that continue to evolve. 
 We face significant cyber and data security risk that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and expose us to significant liabilities . 
 As a complex financial institution, we are under continuous threat of loss due to cyber-attacks. This risk continues to increase, and attack methods continue to evolve in sophistication, velocity, and frequency and can occur from a variety of sources, such as foreign governments, hacktivists, or other well-financed entities, and may originate from less regulated and remote areas of the world. Furthermore remote working environments for both Synovus and many of our clients has heightened these risks. We continually review the security of our IT systems and make the necessary investments to improve the resiliency of our systems and their security from attack. Nonetheless, there remains the risk that we may be materially harmed by a cyber-attack or information security breach. Further, there is no guarantee that our response to any cyber-attack or system interruption, breach, or failure will be effective to mitigate and remediate the issues resulting from such an event, including the costs, reputational harm, and litigation challenges that we may face as a result. 
 Data privacy laws also continue to evolve, with states increasingly proposing or enacting legislation that relates to data privacy and data protection. We may be required to incur additional expense to comply with these evolving regulations and could face penalties for violating any of these regulations. 
 Two of the most significant cyber-attack risks that we face are e-fraud and loss of sensitive client data. Loss from e-fraud occurs when cybercriminals breach and extract funds directly from client or our accounts. Any loss of sensitive client data that results from attempts to breach our systems, such as account numbers and social security numbers, would present significant reputational, legal, and/or regulatory costs to us. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of the evolving nature and complexity of these threats from cybercriminals and hackers, our plans to continue to provide internet banking and mobile banking channels, and our plans to develop additional remote connectivity solutions to serve our clients. While we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches to date, we have been the subject of attempted hacking and cyber-attacks and there can be no assurance that we will not suffer such significant losses in the future. 
 The occurrence of any cyber-attack or information security breach could result in material adverse consequences to us including damage to our reputation, disclosure obligations, the loss of clients, and violations of applicable data privacy laws. We also could face litigation and regulatory action. Litigation or regulatory actions in turn could lead to significant liability or other sanctions, including fines and penalties or reimbursement to clients adversely affected by a security breach. Even if we do not suffer any material adverse consequences as a result of events affecting us directly, successful attacks or systems failures at other large financial institutions could lead to a general loss of client confidence in financial institutions including us. 
 Fraud remains an elevated risk for us and for all banks, and as such, we may experience increased losses due to fraud. 
 In recent years, fraud risk continued to be a significant risk for us and for all banks. Card fraud and deposit fraud (check kiting, wire fraud, etc.) continue to be significant sources of fraud attempts and losses in our consumer banking business. Moreover, our commercial clients have experienced increased levels of financial fraud risk as well, often requiring our involvement and assistance because of our banking relationship with these clients. The methods used to perpetrate and combat fraud continue to evolve as technology changes and more tools for access to financial services emerge, such as real-time payments. In addition to cybersecurity risks, new techniques have made it easier for bad actors to obtain and use client personal information, mimic signatures, and otherwise create false documents that look genuine. Fraud schemes are broad and can include debit card/credit card fraud, check fraud, NSF fraud, mechanical devices attached to ATM machines, social engineering and phishing attacks to obtain personal information, impersonation of our clients through the use of falsified or stolen credentials, employee fraud, information fraud, and other malfeasance. Criminals are turning to new sources to steal personally identifiable information in order to impersonate our clients to commit fraud. 
 Our anti-fraud actions are both preventative (anticipating lines of attack, educating employees and clients, making operational changes) and responsive (remediating actual attacks). We have established policies, processes, and procedures to identify, measure, monitor, mitigate, report, and analyze these risks. We continue to invest in systems, resources, and controls to detect and prevent fraud. There are inherent limitations, however, to our risk management strategies, systems, and controls as they may exist, or develop in the future. We may not appropriately anticipate, monitor, or identify these risks. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses, we may have to expend resources detecting and correcting the failure in our systems, and we may be subject to potential claims from third parties and government agencies. We may also suffer reputational damage. Any of these consequences could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 19 

Our regulators require us to report fraud promptly, and regulators often advise banks of new schemes to enable the entire industry to adapt as quickly as possible. However, some level of fraud loss is unavoidable, and the risk of loss cannot be eliminated. 
 If our enterprise risk management framework is not effective at mitigating risk and loss to us, we could suffer unexpected losses and our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our enterprise risk management framework seeks to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and return, which is critical to optimizing shareholder value. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze the types of risk to which we are subject, including strategic, market, credit, liquidity, capital, cybersecurity, operational, regulatory compliance, litigation, and reputational. However, as with any risk management framework, there are inherent limitations to our risk management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated or identified. For example, the financial and credit crisis and resulting regulatory reform highlighted both the importance and some of the limitations of managing unanticipated risks. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses and our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business, and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our performance. 
 Our reputation is one of the most valuable components of our business. As such, we strive to conduct our business in a manner that enhances our reputation. This is done, in part, by recruiting, hiring, and retaining and providing growth opportunities for employees who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve, delivering superior service to our clients, caring about our clients and employees, and investing in our information technology and other systems. If our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our employees or otherwise, including as a result of operational, clerical, or record-keeping errors, or those resulting from faulty or disabled computer or telecommunications systems or a successful cyber-attack against us or other unauthorized release or loss of client information, our reputation, business, and our operating results may be materially adversely affected. Damage to our reputation could also negatively impact our credit ratings and impede our access to the capital markets. 
 We rely on other companies to provide key components of our business infrastructure. 
 Third parties provide key components of our business operations such as our core technology infrastructure, cloud-based operations, data processing, recording and monitoring transactions, online banking interfaces and services, internet connections, and network access. We have selected these third-party vendors carefully and have conducted the due diligence consistent with regulatory guidance and best practices. While we have ongoing programs to review third-party vendors and assess risk, we do not control their actions. Any problems caused by these third parties, including those resulting from disruptions in communication services provided by a vendor, issues at a third-party vendor of a vendor, failure of a vendor to handle current or higher volumes, cyber-attacks and security breaches at a vendor, failure of a vendor to provide services for any reason, or poor performance of services, could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our clients and otherwise conduct our business. Financial or operational difficulties of a third-party vendor could also hurt our operations if those difficulties interfere with the vendor's ability to serve us. Furthermore, our vendors could also be sources of operational and information security risk to us, including from breakdowns or failures of their own systems or capacity constraints. Replacing these third-party vendors could also create significant delay and expense. Accordingly, use of such third parties creates an unavoidable inherent risk to our business operations. Our digital services growth initiatives, core technology upgrades, and digital asset initiatives constitute specific increases in third-party risk as such initiatives are distinctly dependent on the performance of our third-party partners. 
 As an issuer of credit and debit cards we are exposed to losses in the event that holders of our cards experience fraud on their card accounts . 
 Our clients regularly use Synovus-issued credit and debit cards to pay for transactions with retailers and other businesses. There is the risk of data security breaches at these retailers and other businesses that could result in the misappropriation of our clients credit and debit card information. We also may nonetheless suffer losses associated with reimbursing our clients for fraudulent transactions on clients card accounts, as well as for other costs related to data security compromise events, such as replacing cards associated with compromised card accounts. In addition, we provide card transaction processing services to some merchant clients under agreements we have with payment networks such as Visa and MasterCard. Under these agreements, we may be responsible for certain losses and penalties if one of our merchant clients suffers a data security breach. 
 Our independent sales organization relationships are complex and may expose us to losses. 
 We maintain relationships with a number of ISOs, which generally act as intermediaries for third-party companies that want to develop the capacity to accept payment cards. ISO activities include, among other things, acquiring and issuing functions, soliciting merchants and other clients, soliciting cardholders, underwriting and monitoring, arranging for terminal leases or purchases, account and transaction processing, and client service. We face risks related to our oversight and 
 20 

supervision of the ISO program (including compliance and reputational monitoring) as well as to the reputation and financial viability of the ISOs with which we do business. Any failure by us to appropriately oversee and supervise our ISO program could damage our reputation, result in regulatory or compliance issues, result in third-party litigation, and cause financial losses to us. Further, our ISO program is highly dependent upon the activities and financial viability of our ISO counter-parties, and any negative developments at the ISOs may present financial losses and other risk to us. 
 The costs and effects of litigation, investigations or similar matters involving us or other financial institutions or counterparties, or related adverse facts and developments, could materially affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We may be involved from time to time in a variety of litigation, investigations, inquiries, or similar matters arising out of our business, including those described in Part I - Item 3. Legal Proceedings and "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies" of this Report. Furthermore, litigation against banks tend to increase during economic downturns and periods of credit deterioration which may occur or worsen as a result of the current economic uncertainty. 
 We manage these risks through internal controls, employee training, insurance, litigation management, our compliance and ethics processes, and other means. However, the commencement, outcome, and magnitude of litigation cannot be predicted or controlled with any certainty. We establish reserves for legal claims when payments associated with the claims become probable and the losses can be reasonably estimated. We may still incur legal costs for a matter even if we have not established a reserve. In addition, the actual cost of resolving a legal claim may be substantially higher than any amounts reserved for that matter. For those legal matters where the amounts associated with the claims are not probable and the costs cannot be reasonably estimated, Synovus estimates a range of reasonably possible losses. As of December 31, 2023, Synovus' management currently estimates the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses resulting from our outstanding litigation, including, without limitation, the matters described in this Report, is from zero to 10 million in excess of the amounts accrued, if any, related to those matters. This estimated aggregate range is based upon information currently available to us, and the actual losses could prove to be higher. As there are further developments in these legal matters, we will reassess these matters and the estimated range of reasonably possible losses may change as a result of this assessment. In addition, in the future, we may need to record additional litigation reserves with respect to these matters. Further, regardless of how these matters proceed, it could significantly harm our reputation and divert our management's attention and other resources away from our business. 
 Our insurance may not cover all claims that may be asserted against us and indemnification rights to which we are entitled may not be honored, and any claims asserted against us, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, may harm our reputation. Should the ultimate judgments or settlements in any litigation or investigation significantly exceed our insurance coverage, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, premiums for insurance covering the financial and banking sectors are rising. We may not be able to obtain appropriate types or levels of insurance in the future, nor may we be able to obtain adequate replacement policies with acceptable terms or at historic rates, if at all. 
 Credit and Liquidity Risk 
 Changes in interest rates may have an adverse effect on our net interest income. 
 Net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income that we earn on interest-earning assets and the interest expense that we pay on interest-bearing liabilities, is a major component of our income and our primary source of revenue from our operations. Narrowing of interest rate spreads could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. We cannot control or predict with certainty changes in interest rates. Regional and local economic conditions, competitive pressures, and the policies of regulatory authorities, including monetary policies of the FRB, affect interest income and interest expense. 
 Beginning in early 2022 and through July 2023, in response to growing signs of inflation, the FRB increased interest rates rapidly and made a number of adjustments to monetary policy and liquidity, including quantitative tightening and other balance sheet actions. Rising interest rates can have a negative impact on our business by reducing the amount of money our clients borrow or by adversely affecting their ability to repay outstanding loan balances that may increase due to adjustments in their variable rates. In addition, as interest rates rise, we may have to offer more attractive interest rates to depositors to compete for deposits, or pursue other sources of liquidity, such as wholesale funds. 
 On the other hand, decreasing interest rates reduce our yield on our variable rate loans and on our new loans, which reduces our net interest income. In addition, lower interest rates may reduce our realized yields on investment securities which would reduce our net interest income and cause downward pressure on net interest margin in future periods. A significant reduction in our net interest income could have a material adverse impact on our capital, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Although the FRB increased the target federal funds rate throughout 2022 and 2023 to combat inflationary trends, the FRB held the federal funds rate steady in December 2023 for the third consecutive meeting and indicated that the rate is likely to be 
 21 

decreased in 2024 and beyond. We are unable to predict changes in interest rates, which are affected by factors beyond our control, including inflation, deflation, recession, unemployment, money supply, and other changes in financial markets. 
 We have ongoing policies and procedures designed to manage the risks associated with changes in market interest rates and actively manage these risks through hedging and other risk mitigation strategies. However, if our assumptions are wrong or overall economic conditions are significantly different than anticipated, our risk mitigation techniques may be ineffective or costly. 
 Changes in the cost and availability of funding due to changes in the deposit market and credit market may adversely affect our capital resources, liquidity, and financial results. 
 In managing our consolidated balance sheets, we depend on access to a variety of sources of funding to provide us with sufficient capital resources and liquidity to meet our commitments and business needs, and to accommodate the transaction and cash management needs of our clients. In addition to core deposits, sources of funding available to us and upon which we rely as regular components of our liquidity and funding management strategy include borrowings from the FHLB and brokered deposits. In general, the amount, type, and cost of our funding, including from other financial institutions, the capital markets, and deposits, directly impacts our costs of operating our business and growing our assets and can therefore positively or negatively affect our financial results. A number of factors could make funding more difficult, more expensive, or unavailable on any terms, including, but not limited to, a downgrade in our credit ratings, financial results, changes within our organization, specific events that adversely impact our reputation, disruptions in the capital markets, specific events that adversely impact the financial services industry, counterparty availability, recently proposed changes to the FHLB system, changes affecting our assets, the corporate and regulatory structure, interest rate fluctuations, general economic conditions, and the legal, regulatory, accounting, and tax environments governing our funding transactions. Also, we compete for funding with other banks and similar companies, many of which are substantially larger, and have more capital and other resources. 
 In addition to bank level liquidity management, we must manage liquidity at the Parent Company for various needs including potential capital infusions into subsidiaries, the servicing of debt, the payment of dividends on our common stock and preferred stock, and share repurchases. The primary source of liquidity for us consists of dividends from Synovus Bank which are governed by certain rules and regulations of our supervising agencies. Synovus' ability to receive dividends from Synovus Bank in future periods will depend on a number of factors, including, without limitation, Synovus Bank's future profits, asset quality, liquidity, and overall condition. In addition, GA DBF rules and related statutes contain additional restrictions on payments of dividends by Synovus Bank. In particular, the Georgia Financial Institutions Code contains restrictions on the ability of a Georgia bank to pay dividends other than from retained earnings and under other circumstances without the approval of the GA DBF. As a result of these restrictions, Synovus Bank may be required to seek approval from the GA DBF to pay dividends. If Synovus does not receive dividends from Synovus Bank as needed, its liquidity could be adversely affected, and it may not be able to continue to execute its current capital plan to return capital to its shareholders. In addition to dividends from Synovus Bank, we have historically had access to a number of alternative sources of liquidity, including the capital markets, but there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain such liquidity on terms that are favorable to us, or at all. If our access to these traditional and alternative sources of liquidity is diminished or only available on unfavorable terms, then our overall liquidity and financial condition will be adversely affected. 
 If Synovus Bank loses or is unable to grow and retain its deposits, it may be subject to liquidity risk and higher funding costs. 
 The total amount that we pay for funding costs is dependent, in part, on Synovus Bank s ability to grow and retain its deposits. If Synovus Bank is unable to sufficiently grow and retain its deposits at competitive rates to meet liquidity needs, it may be subject to paying higher funding costs to meet these liquidity needs. 
 Synovus Bank competes with banks and other financial services companies for deposits. As a result of monetary policy and the broader market for interest rates and funding, we were required to raise rates on many of our deposits in 2023 to keep pace with our competition. Moreover, Synovus Bank s funding costs may increase further in the near term. If Synovus Bank were to lose deposits, it must rely on more expensive sources of funding. This could result in a failure to maintain adequate liquidity and higher funding costs, reducing our net interest margin and net interest income. In addition, our access to deposits may be affected by the liquidity needs of our depositors. In particular, a substantial majority of our liabilities in 2023 were checking accounts and other liquid deposits, which are payable on demand or upon several days' notice, while by comparison, a substantial majority of our assets were loans, which cannot be called or sold in the same time frame. Moreover, our clients could withdraw their deposits in favor of alternative investments. While we have historically been able to replace maturing deposits and advances as necessary, we may not be able to replace such funds in the future, especially if a large number of our depositors seek to withdraw their accounts, regardless of the reason. 
 22 

Our allowance for credit losses may not cover actual losses, and we may be required to materially increase our allowance, which may adversely affect our capital, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We derive the most significant portion of our revenue from our lending activities. When we lend money, commit to lend money, or enter into a letter of credit or other contract with a counterparty, we incur credit risk, which is the risk of losses if our borrowers do not repay their loans or our counterparties fail to perform according to the terms of their contracts. We estimate and maintain an allowance for credit losses, which is a reserve established through a provision for credit losses charged to expense, representing management's best estimate of life of loan credit losses within the existing portfolio of loans and related unfunded commitments, as described under "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" and "Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Policies - Allowance for Credit Losses" in this Report. The allowance, in the judgment of management, is established to reserve for estimated credit losses and risks inherent in the loan portfolio. The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires the use of both qualitative and quantitative information, including estimates, assumptions, and quantitative modeling techniques, all of which may undergo material changes. Changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, identification of non-accrual loans, changes in assumptions regarding a borrower's ability to pay, changes in collateral values, and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may cause the allowance for credit losses to become inadequate and require an increase in the provision for credit losses. 
 We expect that the allowance for credit losses under the CECL standard to be more volatile and as such could have an impact on our results of operations. For a discussion of changes in accounting standards and regulatory capital implications, see Part I - Item 1. Business - Supervision, Regulation, and Other Factors - Capital Requirements. 
 Various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination procedures, periodically review the allowance as well as the supporting methods and processes. Based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination, such agencies may require us to recognize additions to the allowance or additional loan charge offs. An increase in the allowance for credit losses would result in a decrease in net income and capital and could have a material adverse effect on our capital, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in our asset quality could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Asset quality measures the performance of a borrower in repaying a loan, with interest, on time. While we believe that we manage asset quality through prudent underwriting practices and collection operations, it is possible that our asset quality could deteriorate, depending upon economic conditions and other factors. Our asset quality generally remains strong, but further economic disruption could negatively impact asset quality in future periods, particularly as to those borrowers in certain adversely and disproportionately impacted industries. 
 We could realize losses if we determine to sell non-performing assets and the proceeds we receive are lower than the carrying value of such assets. 
 Distressed asset sales have been a component of our strategy to further strengthen the consolidated balance sheets, improve asset quality, and enhance earnings. We could realize future losses if the proceeds we receive upon dispositions of non-performing assets are lower than the recorded carrying value of such assets, which could adversely affect our results of operations in future periods. Accordingly, we could realize an increased level of credit costs in any period during which we determine to dispose of an increased level of distressed assets. Further, if market conditions deteriorate, this could negatively impact our ability to dispose of distressed assets and may result in higher credit losses on sales of distressed assets. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our debt and repay maturing debt obligations. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we and our consolidated subsidiaries had 1.93 billion of long-term debt outstanding. Our ability to make scheduled payments of principal and interest or to satisfy our obligations in respect of our debt, to refinance our debt, or to fund capital expenditures will depend on our future financial and operating performance and our ability to maintain adequate liquidity. Prevailing economic conditions (including interest rates), and regulatory constraints, including, among other things, distributions to us from our subsidiaries and required capital levels with respect to our subsidiary bank and financial subsidiaries, business, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, may also affect our ability to meet these needs. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows from operations or obtain future borrowings in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our debt or to fund our other liquidity needs. We may need to refinance all or a portion of our debt on maturity, and we may not be able to refinance any of our debt when needed on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments in our business, sell assets, seek to obtain additional equity or debt financing, or restructure our debt on terms that may not be favorable to us. 
 We may be unable to pay dividends on our common stock and preferred stock . 
 23 

Holders of our common stock and preferred stock are only entitled to receive such dividends as our Board of Directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Although we have historically paid a quarterly cash dividend to the holders of our common stock and preferred stock, we are not legally required to do so. Further, the Federal Reserve could decide at any time that paying any dividends on our common stock or preferred stock could be an unsafe or unsound banking practice. The reduction or elimination of dividends paid on our common stock or preferred stock could adversely affect the market price of our common stock or preferred stock, as applicable. In addition, if we fail to pay dividends on our preferred stock for six quarters, whether or not consecutive, the holders of such preferred stock shall be entitled to certain rights to elect two directors to our Board of Directors. 
 For a discussion of current regulatory limits on our ability to pay dividends, see "Part I - Item 1. Business - Supervision, Regulation, and Other Factors - Payment of Dividends" and Part I - Item 1A - Risk Factors - Compliance and Regulatory Risk - We may become subject to supervisory actions and enhanced regulation that could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating flexibility, financial condition, and the value of our common stock and preferred stock in this Report for further information. 
 Compliance and Regulatory Risk 
 The fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and its agencies could have a material adverse effect on our earnings. 
 The Federal Reserve Board regulates the supply of money and credit in the U.S. Its policies determine in large part the cost of funds for lending and investing and the return earned on those loans and investments, both of which affect our net interest margin. They can also materially decrease the value of financial assets we hold. Federal Reserve policies may also adversely affect borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans, or could adversely create asset bubbles which result from prolonged periods of accommodative policy. This, in turn, may result in volatile markets and rapidly declining collateral values. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve and other governmental policies have had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. Because of changing conditions in the national and international economies and in the money markets, as well as the result of actions by monetary and fiscal authorities, all of which are beyond our control, it is not possible to predict with certainty future changes in interest rates, deposit levels, loan demand, or the business and results of operations of Synovus and Synovus Bank, or whether changing economic conditions will have a positive or negative effect on operations and earnings. Also, potential new taxes or increased taxes on corporations generally, or on financial institutions specifically, could adversely affect our net income. 
 The banking industry is highly regulated, and the regulatory framework, together with any future legislative or regulatory changes, may have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 The banking industry is extensively regulated and supervised under both federal and state laws and regulations that are intended primarily for the protection of depositors, clients, federal deposit insurance funds, and the banking system as a whole, not for the protection of our shareholders and creditors. We and Synovus Bank are subject to regulation and supervision by the Federal Reserve, the GA DBF, and the CFPB, among others. The laws and regulations applicable to us govern a variety of matters, including permissible types, amounts, and terms of loans and investments we may make, the maximum interest rate that may be charged, the amount of reserves Synovus Bank must hold against deposits it takes, the types of deposits Synovus Bank may accept and the rates it may pay on such deposits, maintenance of adequate capital and liquidity, changes in the control of the company and Synovus Bank, restrictions on dividends, and establishment of new offices by Synovus Bank. We incur significant, recurring costs to comply with all applicable regulations and there is no guarantee that our compliance programs will ensure compliance with all applicable regulations. We must obtain approval from our regulators before engaging in certain activities, and there can be no assurance that any regulatory approvals we may require will be obtained, either in a timely manner or at all. In addition, new technologies could make regulatory compliance more challenging. Remaining compliant and receiving regulatory approvals is dependent on our ability to improve and develop our technological capabilities. Our regulators also have the ability to compel us to, or restrict us from, taking certain actions entirely, such as actions that our regulators deem to constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice. Our failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, or regulatory policies and interpretations of such laws and regulations, could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties, or damage to our reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 We cannot predict whether new legislation will be enacted and, if enacted, the effect that it, or any regulations, would have on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. These changes may result in increased costs of doing business and decreased revenue and net income, may reduce our ability to effectively compete to attract and retain clients, or make it less attractive for us to continue providing certain products and services. We expect regulatory bodies such as the CFPB and FDIC to continue to take a more aggressive enforcement stance and increase their focus and scrutiny on all consumer facing financial institutions. Any future changes in federal and state law and regulations, as well as the interpretations and implementations of such laws and regulations and enforcement practices, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways, including those 
 24 

listed above, impact the regulatory structure under which we operate, significantly increase our costs, impede the efficiency of our internal business processes, require us to increase our regulatory capital and modify our business strategy, limit our ability to pursue business opportunities in an efficient manner, or other ways that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 We may become subject to supervisory actions and enhanced regulation that could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating flexibility, financial condition, and the value of our common stock and preferred stock. 
 Under federal and state laws and regulations pertaining to the safety and soundness of insured depository institutions, state banking regulators, the Federal Reserve, and separately the FDIC as the insurer of bank deposits, each has the authority to compel or restrict certain actions on our part if any of them determine that we have insufficient capital or are otherwise operating in a manner that may be deemed to be inconsistent with safe and sound banking practices. In addition to examinations for safety and soundness, we and our subsidiaries also are subject to continuous examination by state and federal banking regulators, including the CFPB, for compliance with various laws and regulations, as well as consumer compliance initiatives. As a result of this regulatory oversight and examination process, our regulators may require us to enter into informal or formal supervisory agreements, including board resolutions, memoranda of understanding, written agreements, and consent or cease and desist orders, pursuant to which we could be required to take identified corrective actions to address cited concerns, or to refrain from taking certain actions. 
 If we become subject to and are unable to comply with the terms of any future regulatory actions or directives, supervisory agreements, or orders, then we could become subject to additional, heightened supervisory actions and orders, possibly including consent orders, prompt corrective action restrictions, and/or other regulatory actions, including prohibitions on the payment of dividends on our common stock and our preferred stock. If our regulators were to take such additional supervisory actions, then we could, among other things, become subject to significant restrictions on our ability to develop any new business, as well as restrictions on our existing business, and we could be required to raise additional capital, discontinue our share repurchase program, dispose of certain assets and liabilities within a prescribed period of time, or all of the above. The terms of any such supervisory action could have a material negative effect on our business, reputation, operating flexibility, financial condition, and the value of our common stock. 
 Further, bank failures, such as the ones occurring in 2023, have and may in the future diminish public confidence in small and regional banks' abilities to safeguard deposits in excess of federally insured limits, which could prompt clients to maintain their deposits with larger financial institutions. Concerns over rapid, large-scale deposit movement have and could in the future heighten regulatory scrutiny surrounding liquidity and increase competition for deposits and the resulting cost of funding, which could create pressure on net interest margin and results of operations. In addition, bank failures have and could in the future prompt the FDIC to increase deposit insurance costs. Increases in funding, deposit insurance, or other costs as a result of these types of events have and could in the future materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Further, the disruption following these types of events have and could in the future generate significant market trading volatility among publicly traded bank holdings companies and, in particular, regional banks like Synovus. 
 We may be required to conserve capital or undertake additional strategic initiatives to improve our capital position due to changes in economic conditions or changes in regulatory capital rules. 
 We and Synovus Bank are required under federal law to maintain certain minimum capital levels based on ratios of capital to total assets and capital to risk-weighted assets. The required capital ratios are minimums, and the Federal Reserve may determine that a banking organization, based on its size, complexity, or risk profile, must maintain a higher level of capital in order to operate in a safe and sound manner. Moreover, federal bank regulators have issued a series of guidance and rulemakings applicable to large banks. While many of these do not currently apply to us due to our asset size, these issuances could impact industry capital standards and practices in many potentially unforeseeable ways. While we currently exceed all minimum regulatory capital requirements, are considered well-capitalized under applicable rules, and believe that we maintain an appropriate capital plan, there is no guarantee that we will not need to increase our capital levels in the future. 
 We actively monitor economic conditions, evolving industry capital standards, and changes in regulatory standards and requirements, and engage in regular discussions with our regulators regarding capital at both Synovus and Synovus Bank. As part of our ongoing management of capital, we identify, consider, and pursue additional strategic initiatives to bolster our capital position as deemed necessary, including strategies that may be required to meet regulatory capital requirements. This includes the evaluation of share repurchase programs and dividends. The need to maintain more capital and greater liquidity than may have previously been warranted or intended could limit our business activities, including lending, and our ability to expand, either organically or through future acquisitions, and invest in technology and other growth strategies. It could also result in our taking steps to increase our capital that may be dilutive to shareholders or limit our ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders. 
 Market and Other General Risk 
 25 

Inflationary pressures and rising prices could negatively impact our business, our profitability, and our stock price. 
 Inflation rose significantly during 2022 to levels not seen for over 40 years. Although inflation moderated in the first half of 2023 and significantly declined in the second half of 2023, the economic impact of inflation continues to persist. Prolonged periods of inflation may impact our profitability by negatively impacting our fixed costs and expenses, including increasing funding costs and expense related to talent acquisition and retention, and negatively impacting the demand for our products and services. Additionally, rising inflation may lead to a decrease in consumer and client purchasing power and negatively affect the need or demand for our products and services. If inflation continues, our business could be negatively affected by, among other things, increased default rates leading to credit losses which could decrease our appetite for new credit extensions. These inflationary pressures could result in missed earnings and budgetary projections causing our stock price to suffer. 
 Unstable global economic conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition, and operations. 
 We are operating in an uncertain economic environment. The global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates, high rates of inflation, and uncertainty about economic stability and a potential recession. While our management team continually monitors market conditions and economic factors throughout our footprint, we are unable to predict the duration or severity of such conditions or factors. If conditions were to worsen nationally, regionally, or locally, we could experience a sharp increase in our total net charge-offs and could also be required to significantly increase our allowance for credit losses. Economic instability could also result in decreased demand for loans and our other products and services. An increase in our non-performing assets and related increases in our provision for credit losses, coupled with a potential decrease in the demand for loans and other products and services, could negatively affect our business and could have a material adverse effect on our capital, financial condition, results of operations, and future growth. Our clients may also be adversely impacted by changes in regulatory, trade (including tariffs), and tax policies and laws, all of which could reduce demand for loans and adversely impact our borrowers' ability to repay our loans. 
 In addition, the financial markets and the global economy may also be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine, which is increasing volatility in commodity and energy prices, creating supply chain issues and causing instability in financial markets. Sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other countries in response to such conflict, as well as the Israel/Hamas conflict and the strained relationship between the U.S. and China, could further adversely impact the stability of financial markets. The specific consequences of the conflicts in Ukraine and Israel/Hamas on our business is difficult to predict at this time, but in addition to inflationary pressures affecting our operations and those of our clients and borrowers, we may also experience an increase in cyber-attacks against us, our clients and borrowers, service providers, and other third parties. 
 There can be no assurance that further deterioration in markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn or recession, volatile business environment, hostile third-party action, or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. The effects of any economic downturn or recession could continue for many years after the downturn or recession is considered to have ended. 
 Recent negative developments affecting the banking industry, and resulting media coverage, have eroded client confidence in the banking system. 
 The closures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank in March 2023 and First Republic Bank in May 2023, negative media attention surrounding these events, and concerns about future events have generated significant market volatility among publicly traded bank holding companies and, in particular, regional banks like Synovus. These market developments have negatively impacted client confidence in the safety and soundness of regional banks. As a result, some clients have chosen, and may continue to choose, to maintain deposits with larger financial institutions or invest in higher yielding short-term fixed income securities, all of which could materially adversely impact the Company's liquidity, loan funding capacity, net interest margin, capital, and results of operations. While the Treasury, the Federal Reserve, and the FDIC took action to ensure that depositors of these failed banks had access to their deposits, including uninsured deposit accounts, there is no guarantee that such actions will be successful in restoring client confidence in regional banks and the banking system more broadly. 
 We also anticipate increased regulatory scrutiny in the course of routine examinations and otherwise and new regulations directed towards banks of similar size to Synovus Bank, designed to address the recent negative developments in the banking industry, all of which may increase our costs of doing business and reduce our profitability. Among other things, there may be an increased focus by both regulators and investors on deposit composition, the level of uninsured deposits, the level of unrealized losses in either available-for-sale or held-to-maturity securities portfolios, contingent liquidity, CRE loan composition and concentration, capital position, and general oversight and internal control structures regarding the foregoing. This could impact our ability to achieve our strategic objectives and may result in changes to our balance sheet position which could, in turn, negatively impact our profitability. 
 26 

There may be risks resulting from the extensive use of models in our business. 
 Synovus relies on quantitative models to measure risks, estimate certain financial values, and inform certain business decisions. Models may be used in such processes as determining the pricing of various products, grading and underwriting loans, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting or estimating losses, assessing capital adequacy, developing strategic initiatives, calculating regulatory capital levels, and estimating the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items. 
 Models generally predict or infer certain financial outcomes, leveraging historical data and assumptions as to the future, often with respect to macroeconomic conditions. Development and implementation of some of these models requires us to make difficult, subjective, and complex judgments. Poorly designed, implemented, or incorrectly used models present the risk that certain Synovus business decisions may be adversely affected by inappropriate model output. In addition, information we provide to the public or to our regulators based on poorly designed, implemented, or incorrectly used models could be misleading or inaccurate. Certain decisions that the regulators make, including those related to dividends to Synovus shareholders, could be adversely affected due to the perception of insufficient model quality or incorrect model use. 
 ESG risks could adversely affect our reputation and shareholder, employee, client, and third-party relationships and may negatively affect our stock price. 
 Our business faces increasing public scrutiny related to ESG activities. We risk damage to our brand and reputation if we fail to act responsibly or are perceived to act too aggressively in a number of areas, such as DEI, environmental stewardship, including with respect to climate change, human capital management, support for our local communities, corporate governance, and transparency, or fail to consider ESG factors in our business operations. 
 Furthermore, as a result of our diverse base of clients and business partners, we may face potential negative publicity based on the identity of our clients or business partners and the public s (or certain segments of the public s) view of those entities. Such publicity may arise from traditional media sources or from social media and may increase rapidly in size and scope. If our client or business partner relationships were to become intertwined in such negative publicity, our ability to attract and retain clients, business partners, and employees may be negatively impacted, and our stock price may also be negatively impacted. Additionally, we may face pressure to not do business in certain industries that are viewed as harmful to the environment or are otherwise negatively perceived, which could impact our growth. 
 Additionally, some investors and shareholder advocates are placing ever increasing emphasis on how corporations address ESG issues in their business strategy when making investment decisions and when developing their investment theses and proxy recommendations. We may incur meaningful costs with respect to our ESG efforts and if such efforts are negatively perceived, our reputation and stock price may suffer. 
 Climate change could adversely affect our business, affect client activity levels, and damage our reputation. 
 Concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. Consumers and businesses are also changing their behavior and business preferences as a result of these concerns. New governmental regulations or guidance relating to climate change, as well as changes in consumers' and businesses' behaviors and business preferences, may affect whether and on what terms and conditions we will engage in certain activities or offer certain products or services. The governmental and supervisory focus on climate change could also result in our becoming subject to new or heightened regulatory requirements, such as requirements relating to operational resiliency or stress testing for various climate stress scenarios. Any such new or heightened requirements could result in increased regulatory, compliance or other costs, or higher capital requirements. In connection with the transition to a low carbon economy, legislative or public policy changes, and changes in consumer sentiment could negatively impact the businesses and financial condition of our clients, which may decrease revenues from those clients and increase the credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to those clients. Our business, reputation, and ability to attract and retain employees may also be harmed if our response to climate change is perceived to be ineffective or insufficient. 
 Furthermore, the long-term impacts of climate change may have a negative impact on our clients and their business. Physical risks include extreme storms that damage or destroy property and inventory securing loans we make, or may interrupt our clients' business operations, putting them in financial difficulty, and increasing the risk of default. Our clients are also facing changes in energy and commodity prices driven by climate change, as well as new regulatory requirements resulting in increased operational costs. 
 As climate risk is interconnected with all key risk types, we continue to embed climate risk considerations into our risk management strategies. Due to the level of uncertainty around climate change, our risk management strategies may not be effective in fully mitigating climate risk exposure. 
 27 

Our concentrated operations in the Southeastern U.S. make us vulnerable to local economic conditions, local weather catastrophes, public health issues, and other external events, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our operations are concentrated in the Southeastern U.S. in the states of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, and Tennessee. As a result, local economic conditions significantly affect the demand for loans and other products we offer to our clients (including real estate, commercial, and construction loans), the ability of borrowers to repay these loans, and the value of the collateral securing these loans. Economic downturns in these regions could adversely affect our currently performing loans, leading to future delinquencies or defaults and increases in our provision for credit losses. 
 In addition, the occurrence of events such as hurricanes, tropical storms, tornados, winter storms, flooding, and other large-scale weather catastrophes in and along the Gulf and the Atlantic coasts, as well as other parts of the Southeastern U.S., and further public health issues, such as pandemics or other widespread health emergencies, could adversely affect the condition of collateral associated with our loan portfolio, our general financial condition, or the results of our operations. Such areas could be adversely impacted by such events in those regions, the nature and severity of which are difficult to predict. Furthermore, climate change could increase the frequency and severity of these risks. These and other unpredictable external events could have an adverse effect on us in that such events could materially disrupt our operations or the ability or willingness of its clients to access the financial services offered by Synovus. These events could reduce our earnings and cause volatility in our financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and/or results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 NONE. 
 
 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 
 Cybersecurity is a critical component of Synovus business and the advancement of our strategies, including our growth initiatives. As a financial institution, we face a multitude of cybersecurity threats that range from attacks common to most industries, such as ransomware and denial-of-service, to attacks from more advanced and persistent, highly organized adversaries that target the financial services industry specifically. Our clients, vendors, and partners face similar cybersecurity threats, and a cybersecurity incident impacting us or any of these stakeholders could materially adversely affect our operations, performance, and results of operations. As such, we maintain a cyber risk management program designed to identify, assess, manage, mitigate, and respond to these cybersecurity threats and risks. Our program is fully integrated within the Company s enterprise risk management system and addresses both the corporate information technology environment and client-facing products and services. 
 We believe each of Synovus employees has a role in the Company s cybersecurity defenses. Employees at various levels and in various lines of business and support functions participate in training programs on cybersecurity and social engineering to mitigate risk, including required annual training, quarterly training on critical topics, and bimonthly security awareness communications. We conduct exercises to test their effectiveness on a monthly basis. 
 We employ a formal risk management process for the identification, assessment, monitoring, acceptance, communication, consultation, and review of cyber-related risks which is designed in accordance with industry practices and standards for cybersecurity and information technology, including the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework and International Organization Standard 27005. The Company's information security standards are externally audited on an annual basis against the System and Organizational Controls (SOC) and compliance with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). Our program is reviewed on a periodic basis against the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council's (FFIEC) Cybersecurity Assessment Tool and the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework in order to measure our cybersecurity preparedness, evaluate whether our cybersecurity preparedness is aligned with risks, determine potential areas of improvement or enhancement for the Company's risk management practices and controls, and inform our risk management strategies. 
 Our information security program employs a wide variety of technologies that are intended to secure our operations and proprietary information. We have a Business Continuity/Disaster Recovery program in place, which is updated and tested on a regular basis, focused on protecting our networks, systems, data, and facilities from attacks or unauthorized access. We maintain an Incident Response program which describes Synovus' processes, procedures, and responsibilities for responding to cybersecurity incidents. This program is tested regularly through tabletop exercises, including through independent third-party review and assessments at least annually. Each exercise results in lessons learned and subsequent improvements to the Incident Response program. In addition, we have a dedicated Cybersecurity Fusion Center for monitoring and responding to cyber events in real-time. 
 28 

We also continue to invest in developing and enhancing our security processes and controls and in maintaining our technology infrastructure. These programs provide for an intentional and deliberate plan for notifying, informing, consulting, analyzing, and communicating any risks or incidents as necessary and appropriate under the circumstances to various internal stakeholders (such as executive management and the Board) and external stakeholders (such as our regulators, impacted individuals, and the investment community) as necessary and appropriate. 
 Cyber advisors are a key part of Synovus cybersecurity infrastructure, and we partner with leading cybersecurity companies and organizations to leverage third-party technology and expertise as appropriate. We engage and retain independent third-parties to review and assess our information security program on a regular basis and to perform annual penetration tests against our network. We maintain computer forensics, legal, and security firms on retainer in case of a cyber security incident. In addition, we are members of financial sector organizations, including the Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center (FS-ISAC), which facilitates the sharing of cyber and physical threat, vulnerability, and incident information for the good of the membership and for improvement in industry best practices. We also perform comprehensive cybersecurity due diligence and ongoing oversight of third-party relationships, including vendors, and require third-party service providers with access to personal, confidential, or proprietary information to implement and maintain comprehensive cybersecurity practices consistent with applicable legal standards and industry best practices. 
 Synovus business depends on the availability, reliability, confidentiality, and security of our information systems, networks, and data. Any disruption, compromise, or breach of our systems or data due to a cybersecurity incident or threat could have a material adverse effect on our business strategy, financial condition, or results of operation. While the Company has experienced, and will continue to experience, cyber incidents in the normal course of business, to date, the Company has not experienced a cybersecurity incident that has materially impacted our business strategy, financial condition, or results of operation. Despite our efforts to continually enhance our cybersecurity program, there can be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management processes and measures described will be fully implemented, complied with, or effective in protecting our systems and information. We face risks from certain cybersecurity threats that, if realized, are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, financial condition, or results of operation. See Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors Operational Risk of this Report. 
 Cybersecurity Governance 
 Synovus Chief Information Security Officer ("CISO"), reports to Synovus Executive Vice President, Technology, Security, and Operations and is the head of Synovus cybersecurity team. The CISO is responsible for assessing and managing Synovus cyber risk management program and strategy, informing executive management regarding the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents, and supervising such enterprise-wide efforts. Synovus current CISO has extensive information technology and program management experience with over 25 years of corporate information security experience. The CISO leads a cybersecurity team with decades of experience selecting, deploying, and operating cybersecurity technologies, initiatives, and processes and relies on threat intelligence as well as other information obtained from governmental, public, and private sources, including external consultants retained by Synovus. 
 Our Board is actively engaged in the oversight of Synovus information security risk management and cybersecurity programs and has delegated primary oversight of cybersecurity to our Risk Committee. The Risk Committee receives quarterly updates from the Company s CISO on the Company s information security and cyber risk strategy, cyber defense initiatives, cyber event preparedness, and cybersecurity risk assessments. As a part of these quarterly updates, the CISO updates the Risk Committee on the development of any new or emerging cyber risks or threats and the appropriate mitigation actions. In addition, the Risk Committee annually approves the Company s information security program as part of its oversight of information risk, aligning our cyber risk exposure with our strategic objectives. 
 The CISO also reports to the full Board on the Company s information security program at least annually, facilitates Board tabletop exercises on cybersecurity, discusses any changes in the Company s cyber risk profile, and provides Board training on a periodic basis with third-party cybersecurity experts. Moreover, consistent with our Incident Response plan, the Risk Committee and the Board are to be apprised of significant cybersecurity incidents. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We and our subsidiaries own or lease all of the real property and/or buildings in which we operate our business. We believe that our properties are suitable for the purposes of our operations. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we and our subsidiaries owned 150 facilities encompassing 1,437,366 square feet and leased from third parties 116 facilities encompassing 1,177,132 square feet. The owned and leased facilities are primarily comprised of office space from which we conduct our business in our headquarters in Columbus, Georgia and throughout our footprint. 
 See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 4 - Premises, Equipment and Software" of this Report for further information. 
 29 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies" of this Report. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 NOT APPLICABLE. 
 30 

Part II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER REPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Shares of our common stock are traded on the NYSE under the symbol SNV. 
 As of February 20, 2024, there were 146,399,324 shares of Synovus common stock issued and outstanding and 9,369 shareholders of record of Synovus common stock, some of which are holders in nominee name for the benefit of a number of different shareholders. 
 Subject to the approval of the Board of Directors and applicable regulatory requirements, Synovus expects to continue its policy of paying regular cash dividends on a quarterly basis. A discussion of certain limitations on the ability of Synovus Bank to pay dividends to Synovus and the ability of Synovus to pay dividends on its common stock is set forth in "Part I - Item 1. Business - Supervision, Regulation, and Other Factors - Payment of Dividends" of this Report. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the yearly percentage change in cumulative shareholder return on Synovus stock with the cumulative total return of the Standard Poor's 500 Index and the KBW Regional Bank Index for the last five fiscal years (assuming a 100 investment on December 31, 2018 and reinvestment of all dividends). 
 
 Table 2 - Stock Performance 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Synovus 100.00 126.63 111.61 169.89 137.82 145.09 Standard Poor's 500 Index 100.00 131.47 155.65 200.29 163.98 207.04 KBW Regional Bank Index 100.00 123.87 113.11 154.57 143.87 143.30 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The Company announced on January 18, 2023 that its Board of Directors authorized share repurchases of up to 300 million in 2023. Synovus did not complete any repurchases during the three months ended December 31, 2023. 
 The Company announced on January 18, 2024 that its Board of Directors authorized share repurchases of up to 300 million of common stock and 50 million of preferred stock in 2024. Subsequent to year-end, through February 20, 2024, Synovus repurchased 29.9 million, or 800 thousand shares, of common stock via open market transactions. 
 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 31 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Executive Summary 
 The following financial review provides a discussion of Synovus' financial condition, changes in financial condition, and results of operations as well as a summary of Synovus' critical accounting policies. This section should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Report. 
 
 Economic Environment and Recent Events 
 Many of the key economic drivers of 2022 inflation, economic uncertainty, geopolitical pressures, and changes in monetary policy, among others continued in 2023, with the added challenges resulting from the bank failures in the first half of the year and the resulting and pervasive pressures on and volatility in the banking industry as a whole. 
 Inflation remained a key economic concern in 2023, prompting the Federal Reserve to continue to tighten monetary policy by continuing to raise market interest rates by 100 bps in 2023. While interest rate cuts are now expected in 2024 as indicated by market forward interest rates, the specific timing of these cuts is uncertain as FOMC policy rate decisions are highly dependent on the level of inflation and strength of the labor market. 
 Outside of inflation, the economic uncertainty and market disruptions of 2023 remain in 2024, including geopolitical tensions from conflict in the Middle East, Russia s prolonged war in Ukraine, and the strained relationship between the U.S. and China. Moreover, 2024 is an election year, and there are specific risks and uncertainties related to the election and any change in administration that could impact the economy and fiscal and regulatory policy by varying degrees. Multiple mixed signals make navigating the way ahead difficult as evidenced by the volatility in capital markets, variance in interpretation of the Fed's messaging, and wide ranges of multiple economic outlooks. 
 U.S. fiscal policy has been expansionary in recent years, leaving a significant federal deficit which will most likely continue to grow, exacerbated in the near term by the election cycle. The Inflation Reduction Act, signed into law in August 2022, raised federal revenue by imposing an alternative corporate minimum tax if certain thresholds are met and a non-deductible excise tax on corporate share repurchases. 
 The regional bank failures in March and May of 2023 and the subsequent response by both the banking industry and the Federal Reserve served to mitigate the risks of such failures becoming more systemic. However, the residual impacts on the banking industry and the broader economic environment remain uncertain and have generally presented a more challenging outlook for the banking industry and for Synovus. These bank failures resulted in a FDIC special assessment, increased regulatory scrutiny, expectations for future regulatory changes, and continued pressure on deposits and liquidity. 
 Despite the headwinds discussed above, we believe our presence in strong Southeastern U.S. growth markets positions Synovus to execute on our 2024 guidance outlined below by making prudent decisions around business mix, balance sheet optimization, and operating expenses, all of which will support enhanced financial performance and a return to growth as we proceed through 2024. 
 Overview of 2023 Financial Results 
 Net income available to common shareholders for 2023 was 507.8 million, or 3.46 per diluted common share, compared to 724.7 million, or 4.95 per diluted common share, in 2022. The year-over-year comparison was impacted by the strategic repositioning of the investment securities portfolio which resulted in realized net losses of 77.7 million and increased non-interest expense from a 51.0 million accrual for the FDIC special assessment, a 50.1 million loss related to strategic loan sales of medical office buildings loans and third-party consumer loans, and 18.4 million in restructuring charges for one-time benefits associated with a voluntary early retirement program. Provision for credit losses was 189.1 million in 2023 compared to 84.6 million in 2022, with the increase primarily attributable to increased net charge-offs, downward risk grade migration, and continued economic uncertainty. 
 Net interest income for 2023 was 1.82 billion, up 19.8 million, or 1 , from 1.80 billion in 2022. The net interest margin was 3.21 for 2023 compared to 3.32 in 2022, as the asset side of our consolidated balance sheets continued to benefit from higher interest rates, but the increase in funding costs, combined with remixing within core deposits, resulted in margin compression. 
 Non-interest revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 404.0 million, down 5.3 million, or 1 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 and was negatively impacted by losses of 77.7 million that resulted from the aforementioned strategic repositioning of the investment securities portfolio. Excluding the losses from sales of investment securities, the primary drivers of the increase in non-interest revenue included 16.4 million higher brokerage revenue, a 13.1 million one-time benefit from the recovery of a non-performing asset related to the Qualpay investment, 11.7 million in 
 32 

transaction fees related to a third-party lending relationship, and 10.5 million higher card fees. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies" for further discussion on Qualpay. 
 Non-interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 1.34 billion, an increase of 177.9 million, or 15 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. Non-interest expense in 2023 was elevated due to an industry-wide increase in FDIC expense which impacted Synovus by 65.7 million, including a 51.0 million special assessment, and a 50.1 million loss related to strategic sales of medical office buildings loans and third-party consumer loans. In addition, restructuring charges of 18.4 million were recorded for one-time benefits associated with a voluntary early retirement program offered to certain qualified employees in 2023 while 2022 benefited from a 9.7 million reversal of restructuring charges. 
 At December 31, 2023, total loans, net of deferred fees and costs of 43.40 billion, declined 311.9 million, or 1 , from December 31, 2022. Growth in C I loans has been diversified but somewhat offset by a strategic decline in non-relationship credits. The decline in CRE loans was impacted by the 1.17 billion medical office buildings loans sale; excluding that strategic sale, CRE growth was driven by draws on existing commitments and lower levels of paydown and payoff activity. The decline in consumer loans resulted primarily from continued strategic run-off of the third-party lending portfolio, including the sale of 421.7 million of third-party consumer loans. 
 Credit quality metrics migrated from historically low levels with the NPA and NPL ratios both at 0.66 and total past dues at 0.14 , as a percentage of total loans at December 31, 2023. Net charge-offs for 2023 of 153.3 million, or 0.35 , of average loans, were largely impacted by 31.3 million in net charge-offs from strategic loan sales and exposure to a nationally syndicated C I credit that resulted in a 23.3 million net charge-off. Excluding the strategic loan sales, the net charge-off ratio for 2023 was 0.28 of average loans. The ACL of 536.6 million increased 35.7 million compared to December 31, 2022, primarily from downward risk grade migration, an increase in reserves on individually evaluated loans, and the continuation of an uncertain economic environment. The ACL to loans coverage ratio was 1.24 at December 31, 2023, 9 bps higher compared to December 31, 2022. 
 Total period-end deposits were 50.74 billion at December 31, 2023, up 1.87 billion, or 4 , compared to year-end 2022, while core deposits also increased 1.12 billion, or 3 , in 2023. Fluctuations among core deposits categories were a function of the rate environment as well as declines driven by the diminishment of excess funds created from COVID-related stimulus and included an increase in time deposits offset by decreases in non-interest-bearing demand deposits and money market accounts. Brokered deposits increased 744.0 million, or 14 , in 2023 as a result of continued proactive management of our balance sheet position. Average deposit costs for 2023 were 206 bps, up 168 bps, compared to 38 bps for 2022, primarily due to the FOMC's rate hikes through the cycle. 
 Our CET1 ratio of 10.22 at December 31, 2023 is well in excess of regulatory requirements and increased 59 bps compared to December 31, 2022 as our organic earnings and muted balance sheet growth supported capital accretion. On January 18, 2024, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized share repurchases of up to 300 million of common stock and 50 million of preferred stock in 2024. Our 2024 capital plan anticipates a stable common dividend and management of our the CET1 ratio within our targeted range of 10.0 to 10.5 . 
 More detail on Synovus' financial results for 2023 and 2022 can be found in subsequent sections of this Report and detailed information on Synovus' financial results for 2021 can be found in "Part II Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of Synovus' 2021 Form 10-K. 
 2024 Outlook 
 Guidance for the full year 2024, compared to 2023, which incorporates our strategic objectives, and assumes stable economic conditions and a flat interest rate environment includes: 
 end of period loan growth of 0 to 3 
 end of period core deposit (1) growth of 2 to 6 
 adjusted revenue (decline)/growth (2)(3) of (3 to 1 
 adjusted non-interest expense (2)(3) (decline)/growth of (5 to (1 
 CET1 ratio of 10.0 to 10.5 
 effective income tax rate of 21 to 22 
 (1) Excludes brokered deposits. 
 (2) See "Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Non-GAAP Financial Measures" of this Report for applicable reconciliation to GAAP measure. 
 (3) Guidance based on the 2023 baseline: adjusted revenue baseline of 2.28 billion and adjusted non-interest expense of 1.26 billion. 
 33 

A summary of Synovus financial performance for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 is set forth in the table below. 
 Table 3 - Consolidated Financial Highlights Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2023 2022 Change Net interest income 
 1,816,655 1,796,900 1 Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 189,079 84,553 124 Non-interest revenue 
 404,010 409,336 (1) Total TE revenue 
 2,225,286 2,210,163 1 Non-interest expense 
 1,335,424 1,157,506 15 Income before income taxes 
 696,162 964,177 (28) Net income 
 542,141 757,902 (28) Net income available to common shareholders 
 507,755 724,739 (30) Net income per common share, basic 
 3.48 4.99 (30) Net income per common share, diluted 
 3.46 4.95 (30) Return on average common equity 
 12.2 17.4 (524) bps Return on average assets 
 0.90 1.32 (42) Efficiency ratio-TE 
 60.01 52.37 764 As of and For The Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Change Loans, net of deferred fees and costs 
 43,404,490 43,716,353 (1) Total average loans 43,746,328 41,225,642 6 Core deposits (excludes brokered deposits) 44,696,186 43,572,554 3 Total deposits 
 50,739,185 48,871,559 4 Total average deposits 49,865,982 48,938,798 2 Net interest margin 
 3.21 3.32 (11) bps Dividend payout ratio (1) 
 43.93 27.49 nm Non-performing assets ratio 
 0.66 0.33 33 Non-performing loans ratio 
 0.66 0.29 37 Past due loans over 90 days (as a of loans) 
 0.01 0.01 Net charge-off ratio 
 0.35 0.13 22 ACL to loans coverage ratio 1.24 1.15 9 CET1 capital ratio 
 10.22 9.63 59 bps Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 
 11.28 10.68 60 Total risk-based capital ratio 
 13.07 12.54 53 Total shareholders equity to total assets ratio 
 8.56 7.49 107 
 (1) Determined by dividing cash dividends declared per common share by diluted net income per share. 
 nm- not meaningful 
 34 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 The accounting and financial reporting policies of Synovus are in accordance with GAAP and conform to the accounting and reporting guidelines prescribed by bank regulatory authorities. Synovus has identified certain of its accounting policies as critical accounting policies, consisting of those related to the accounting for the allowance for credit losses and income taxes. In determining which accounting policies are critical in nature, Synovus has identified the policies that require significant judgment or involve complex estimates. It is management's practice to discuss critical accounting policies with the Board of Directors' Audit Committee on a periodic basis, including the development, selection, implementation, and disclosure of the critical accounting policies. The application of these policies has a significant impact on Synovus consolidated financial statements. Synovus financial results could differ significantly if different judgments or estimates are applied in the application of these policies. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The ACL is a critical accounting estimate that requires significant judgments and assumptions, which are inherently subjective. The use of different estimates or assumptions could have a significant impact on the provision for credit losses, ACL, financial condition, and results of operations. The economic and business climate in any given industry or market is difficult to gauge and can change rapidly, and the effects of those changes can vary by borrower. 
 In accordance with CECL, the ACL, which includes both the allowance for loan losses and the allowance for credit losses on unfunded loan commitments, represents management's best estimate of expected losses over the life of loans adjusted for prepayments, and over the life of loan commitments expected to fund. Synovus' loans and unfunded loan commitments are grouped based upon the nature of the loan type and the forecasted PD, adjusted for relevant forecasted macroeconomic factors comprising multiple weighted scenarios representing different plausible outcomes, and LGD, to determine the allowance for the majority of our portfolio. To the extent the estimated lives of the loans in the portfolio extend beyond the period for which a reasonable and supportable forecast can be made (which is two years for Synovus), the Company reverts, on a straight-line basis back to the historical rates over a one-year period. Life-of-loan loss percentages may also be adjusted, as necessary, for certain quantitative and qualitative factors that in management's judgment are necessary to reflect losses expected in the portfolio. These adjustments address inherent limitations in the quantitative model. Loans that do not share risk characteristics are individually evaluated on a loan-by-loan basis with specific reserves, if any, recorded as appropriate. Given the dynamic relationship between macroeconomic variables within an economic forecast, it is difficult to estimate the impact of a change in any one individual variable on the ACL. As a result, when formulating the quantitative estimate management uses a probability-weighted approach that incorporates a baseline forecast, an upside scenario reflecting an accelerated recovery, a downside scenario that reflects adverse economic conditions, and a scenario that assumes consistent slow growth that is less optimistic than the baseline. 
 To illustrate a hypothetical sensitivity analysis, management calculated an ACL using the upside and downside scenarios. Our quantitative CECL model is most sensitive to the unemployment rate, which peaks near 7.7 in the downside scenario and 3.9 in the upside scenario. This is compared to the multi-scenario forecast s weighted average peak of around 4.7 . This downside scenario assumes a severe deterioration in economic conditions compared to our baseline forecast, including low consumer confidence, a recession starting in the first quarter of 2024, and persistent inflation pressures which cause the Fed to keep interest rates elevated. The upside scenario assumes a stronger economy compared to our baseline forecast, driven by favorable business sentiment, consumer confidence and spending, and higher GDP. 
 Excluding the impact of qualitative considerations, using only the upside forecast scenario would result in an estimated 107.8 million decrease, while using only the downside forecast scenario would result in an estimated increase of 186.1 million, compared to the reported ACL of 536.6 million at December 31, 2023. Therefore, the resulting hypothetical range of estimates is between 428.8 million and 722.7 million. 
 The sensitivity analysis result does not represent management s view of expected credit losses nor is it intended to estimate future changes in ACL levels for reasons including, but not limited to, the following: 
 management uses a weighted approach applied to multiple economic scenarios for its ACL estimation process; 
 the impact of changes in economic variables are interrelated and nonlinear; therefore, the results of the analysis cannot be extrapolated to additional changes in economic variables; 
 subsequent changes in the mix of portfolio characteristics could materially impact results; 
 potential future government or regulatory intervention could cause results to differ materially from historical relationships between the economic variables and related credit metrics; and 
 the sensitivity analysis does not account for any quantitative or qualitative adjustments incorporated by management as part of its overall ACL framework to reflect losses expected in the portfolio. 
 35 

See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" and "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 3 - Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses" in this Report for additional details. 
 Income Taxes 
 The calculation of Synovus income tax provision is complex and requires the use of estimates and judgments in its determination. As part of Synovus overall business strategy, management must consider tax laws and regulations that apply to the specific facts and circumstances under consideration. As such, the Company is often required to exercise significant judgment regarding the interpretation of these tax laws and regulations, in which Synovus' anticipated and actual liability could significantly vary based upon the taxing authority s interpretation. Specifically, significant estimates in accounting for income taxes relate to the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, estimates of the realizability of deferred tax assets, including income tax credits and NOLs, and the need for a valuation allowance, the calculation of taxable income, the estimation of uncertain tax positions and the determination of temporary differences between book and tax bases. Adjustments to these items may occur due to modifications in tax rates, newly enacted laws, issuance of tax regulations, resolution of items with taxing authorities, alterations to interpretative statutory, judicial, and regulatory guidance that affects the Company s tax positions, changes in the Company's tax accounting methods or elections, or other facts and circumstances. Management closely monitors tax developments and the potential timing of these changes in order to evaluate the effect they may have on the Company s overall tax position and the estimates and judgments used in determining the income tax provision and records adjustments as necessary. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" and "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 16 - Income Taxes" in this Report for additional details. 
 
 DISCUSSION OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Investment Securities Available for Sale 
 The investment securities portfolio consists primarily of high-quality liquid debt securities classified as available for sale. The on-going investment philosophy for the securities portfolio focuses on maintaining a readily accessible source of liquidity while also supporting the income and interest rate risk management objectives of the Company. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 2 - Investment Securities Available for Sale" in this Report for additional information. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2023, as part of an overall strategic repositioning of the investment securities portfolio, Synovus sold at amortized cost 1.30 billion of U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. Government agency securities, MBS issued by U.S. Government agencies, MBS issued by U.S. Government sponsored enterprises, and Commercial MBS issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises, which resulted in realized net losses of 77.7 million. Additionally, Synovus purchased 1.28 billion in principal of U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. Government agency securities, MBS issued by U.S. Government agencies, MBS issued by U.S. Government sponsored enterprises, and Commercial MBS issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises. 
 The average amortized cost of investment securities available for sale remained flat at 11.21 billion in both 2023 and 2022, representing 19.8 and 20.7 , respectively, of average interest earning assets. The portfolio earned a taxable-equivalent yield of 2.21 and 1.87 for 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the estimated fair value of investment securities available for sale as a percentage of their amortized cost was 88.3 and 85.8 , respectively, with net unrealized losses decreasing to 1.30 billion from 1.60 billion, respectively. The investment securities portfolio had a weighted average duration of 5.2 years at December 31, 2023, compared to 5.3 years at December 31, 2022. 
 36 

The calculation of weighted average yields for investment securities available for sale displayed below is based on the amortized cost with effective yields also based upon contractual cash flows. Maturity information is presented based upon contractual maturity which may differ from actual maturity dates as issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 
 Table 4 - Maturities and Weighted Average Yields of Investment Securities Available for Sale December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Within One Year 1 to 5 Years 5 to 10 Years More Than 10 Years Total Fair Value U.S. Treasury securities 25,688 143,641 428,300 597,629 U.S. Government agency securities 28,940 28,940 Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies 63 3 925,598 925,664 Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government sponsored enterprises 10,341 6,420,038 6,430,379 Collateralized mortgage obligations issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises 49 10,220 577,326 587,595 Commercial mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises 67,822 544,620 582,238 15,103 1,209,783 Corporate debt securities and other debt securities 8,672 8,672 Total 93,510 725,985 1,031,102 7,938,065 9,788,662 Weighted Average Yield U.S. Treasury securities 5.16 4.29 4.19 4.26 U.S. Government agency securities 3.66 3.66 Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies 2.95 3.48 3.36 3.36 Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government sponsored enterprises 2.14 2.16 2.16 Collateralized mortgage obligations issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises 5.69 4.11 4.66 4.65 Commercial mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises 2.63 4.49 4.02 2.62 4.13 Corporate debt securities and other debt securities 5.81 5.81 Total 3.34 4.43 4.07 2.48 2.76 
 37 

Loans 
 The following table shows loans by portfolio class and as a percentage of total loans, net of deferred fees and costs, as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Table 5 - Loans by Portfolio Class December 31, December 31, 2023 vs. December 31, 2022 Change 2023 2022 (dollars in thousands) Total Loans Total Loans Commercial, financial, and agricultural 14,459,345 33.3 13,874,416 31.8 584,929 4 Owner-occupied 8,139,148 18.7 8,192,240 18.7 (53,092) (1) Total commercial and industrial 22,598,493 52.0 22,066,656 50.5 531,837 2 Investment properties 11,363,304 26.2 11,644,047 26.6 (280,743) (2) 1-4 family properties 598,502 1.4 616,933 1.4 (18,431) (3) Land and development 354,952 0.8 389,333 0.9 (34,381) (9) Total commercial real estate 12,316,758 28.4 12,650,313 28.9 (333,555) (3) Consumer mortgages 5,411,723 12.5 5,214,443 11.9 197,280 4 Home equity 1,807,399 4.2 1,757,038 4.0 50,361 3 Credit cards 194,141 0.4 203,612 0.5 (9,471) (5) Other consumer loans 1,075,976 2.5 1,824,291 4.2 (748,315) (41) Total consumer 8,489,239 19.6 8,999,384 20.6 (510,145) (6) Loans, net of deferred fees and costs 43,404,490 100.0 43,716,353 100.0 (311,863) (1) 
 At December 31, 2023, total loans, net of deferred fees and costs, of 43.40 billion, declined 311.9 million, or 1 , from December 31, 2022. Growth in C I loans has been diversified but somewhat offset by a strategic decline in non-relationship credits. The decline in CRE loans was impacted by the 1.17 billion medical office buildings loans sale; excluding that strategic sale, CRE growth was driven by draws on existing commitments and lower levels of paydown and payoff activity. The decline in consumer loans resulted primarily from continued strategic run-off of the third-party lending portfolio, including the sale of 421.7 million of third-party consumer loans. 
 C I loans remain the largest component of our loan portfolio, representing 52.0 of total loans, while CRE and consumer loans represent 28.4 and 19.6 , respectively. Our portfolio composition is guided by our strategic growth plan, in conjunction with a comprehensive concentration management policy which sets limits for C I, CRE, and consumer loan levels as well as sub-categories therein. 
 Commercial Loans 
 Total commercial loans (which are comprised of C I and CRE loans) at December 31, 2023 were 34.92 billion, or 80.4 , of the total loan portfolio, compared to 34.72 billion, or 79.4 at December 31, 2022. 
 Commercial and Industrial Loans 
 The C I loan portfolio represents the largest category of Synovus' loan portfolio and is primarily comprised of general middle market and commercial banking clients across a diverse set of industries as well as certain specialized lending verticals. The following table shows the composition of the C I loan portfolio aggregated by NAICS code. In accordance with Synovus' lending policy, each loan undergoes a detailed underwriting process which incorporates uniform underwriting standards and oversight in proportion to the size and complexity of the lending relationship. As of December 31, 2023, 94.8 of Synovus' C I loans are secured by real estate, business equipment, inventory, and other types of collateral compared to 94.4 as of December 31, 2022. C I loans grew 531.8 million, or 2 , from December 31, 2022, primarily from diverse growth across industries and business lines, led by CIB, middle market, and specialty finance, with growth also impacted by a strategic decline in non-relationship credits. 
 38 

Table 6 - Commercial and Industrial Loans by Industry December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands) NAICS Code Amount (1) 
 Amount (1) 
 Health care and social assistance 62 4,742,370 21.0 4,815,229 21.8 Finance and insurance 52 4,429,716 19.6 3,726,279 16.9 Accommodation and food services 72 1,455,283 6.4 1,377,738 6.2 Manufacturing 31-33 1,369,012 6.1 1,465,395 6.6 Lessors of real estate 5311 1,250,031 5.5 1,245,513 5.6 Wholesale trade 42 1,129,905 5.0 1,221,046 5.5 Retail trade 44-45 1,111,225 4.9 1,074,100 4.9 Construction 23 1,041,783 4.6 1,112,135 5.0 Transportation and warehousing 48-49 937,368 4.2 892,479 4.0 Professional, scientific, and technical services 54 890,119 3.9 944,939 4.3 Other services 81 876,233 3.9 929,777 4.2 Real estate and rental and leasing other 53 785,811 3.5 788,457 3.6 Arts, entertainment, and recreation 71 585,097 2.6 476,534 2.2 Public administration 92 487,089 2.2 487,583 2.2 Other industries (2) 
 454,541 2.0 353,492 1.7 Educational services 61 415,885 1.8 420,343 1.9 Administration, support, waste management, and remediation 56 255,228 1.1 253,459 1.2 Agriculture, forestry, fishing, and hunting 11 221,079 1.0 250,216 1.1 Information 51 160,718 0.7 231,942 1.1 Total C I loans 22,598,493 100.0 22,066,656 100.0 
 (1) Loan balance in each category expressed as a percentage of total C I loans. 
 (2) Comprised of NAICS industries that are less than 1 of total C I loans. 
 At December 31, 2023, 14.46 billion of C I loans, or 33.3 of the total loan portfolio, represented loans for the purpose of financing commercial, financial, and agricultural business activities. The primary source of repayment on these loans is revenue generated from products or services offered by the business or organization. The secondary source of repayment is the collateral, which consists primarily of equipment, inventory, accounts receivable, time deposits, cash surrender value of life insurance, and other business assets. 
 At December 31, 2023, 8.14 billion of C I loans, or 18.7 of the total loan portfolio, represented loans originated for the purpose of financing owner-occupied properties. The financing of owner-occupied facilities is considered a C I loan even though there is improved real estate as collateral such as senior housing facilities. This treatment is a result of the credit decision process, which focuses on cash flow from operations of the business to repay the debt. The secondary source of repayment on these loans is the underlying real estate. These loans are predominately secured by owner-occupied and other real estate, and to a lesser extent, other types of collateral. 
 Commercial Real Estate Loans 
 CRE loans primarily consist of income-producing investment properties loans. Additionally, CRE loans include 1-4 family properties loans as well as land and development loans. In accordance with our lending policy, each loan undergoes a detailed underwriting process which incorporates uniform underwriting standards and oversight relative to the type of property, as well as the size and complexity of the deal. Total CRE loans of 12.32 billion decreased 333.6 million, or 3 , from December 31, 2022 primarily as a result of the 1.17 billion medical office buildings loans sale. Excluding that strategic sale, CRE growth was primarily a function of draws on existing commitments and lower levels of paydown and payoff activity. 
 Investment Properties Loans 
 Investment properties loans consist of construction and mortgage loans for income-producing properties and are primarily made to finance multi-family properties, office buildings, hotels, shopping centers, warehouses and other commercial development properties. Total investment properties loans as of December 31, 2023 were 11.36 billion, or 92.3 of the CRE loan portfolio, and 26.2 of the total loan portfolio, down 280.7 million, or 2 , compared to 11.64 billion, or 92.0 of the CRE loan portfolio, and 26.6 of the total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022, primarily due to the aforementioned medical 
 39 

office buildings loans sale. Excluding the strategic sale, growth was mostly in the multi-family category and arose largely from draws related to existing commitments. 
 The following table shows the principal categories of the investment properties loan portfolio at December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Table 7 - Investment Properties Loan Portfolio December 31, 2023 2022 (dollars in thousands) Amount (1) 
 Weighted Average LTV (2) 
 Amount (1) 
 Weighted Average LTV (2) 
 Multi-family 4,098,188 36.1 53.6 3,134,571 26.9 54.1 Office buildings (3) 
 1,891,587 16.6 58.1 3,011,911 25.9 53.3 Hotels 1,803,102 15.9 58.0 1,708,194 14.7 56.2 Shopping centers 1,319,049 11.6 55.0 1,403,928 12.0 52.0 Warehouses 854,475 7.5 54.3 1,035,152 8.9 56.4 Other investment property 1,396,903 12.3 59.3 1,350,291 11.6 56.0 Total investment properties loans 11,363,304 100.0 11,644,047 100.0 
 (1) Loan balance in each category expressed as a percentage of total investment properties loans. 
 (2) LTV calculated by dividing most recent appraisal (typically at origination) on non-construction component of portfolio by the respective December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 commitment amount and senior lien. 
 (3) Office buildings included medical office buildings of 424.8 million, or 3.7 of total investment properties loans, at December 31, 2023 and 1.56 billion, or 13.4 of total investment properties loans, at December 31, 2022 . 
 1-4 Family Properties Loans 
 1-4 family properties loans include construction loans to home builders and commercial mortgage loans related to 1-4 family rental properties and are almost always secured by the underlying property being financed by such loans. These properties are primarily located in the markets served by Synovus. At December 31, 2023, 1-4 family properties loans totaled 598.5 million, or 4.9 of the CRE loan portfolio, and decreased slightly from December 31, 2022. 
 Land and Development Loans 
 Land and development loans include commercial and residential development as well as land acquisition loans and are secured by land held for future development, typically in excess of one year. Properties securing these loans are substantially within markets served by Synovus, and loan terms generally include personal guarantees from the principals. Loans in this portfolio are underwritten based on the LTV of the collateral and the capacity of the guarantor(s). Land and development loans of 355.0 million at December 31, 2023 declined marginally from December 31, 2022. 
 Consumer Loans 
 The consumer loan portfolio consists of a wide variety of loan products offered through Synovus' banking network including first and second residential mortgages, home equity, and consumer credit card loans, as well as both secured and unsecured loans from third-party lending. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, weighted average FICO scores within the residential real estate portfolio based on committed balances were 796 and 793 for home equity and 783 and 780 for consumer mortgages, respectively . 
 Consumer loans at December 31, 2023 of 8.49 billion decreased 510.1 million, or 6 , compared to December 31, 2022. Mortgage loans increased 197.3 million from December 31, 2022 despite lower production, largely due to slower prepayments and refinances as a result of elevated mortgage interest rates. Other consumer loans decreased 748.3 million from December 31, 2022 largely due to the sale of 421.7 million of third-party consumer loans in addition to the continued strategic run-off of the third-party lending portfolio. 
 40 

The table below shows the maturities of loans, net of deferred fees and costs, as of December 31, 2023. Also provided are the amounts due after one year, classified according to the sensitivity in interest rates. Actual repayments of loans may differ from the contractual maturities reflected therein because borrowers have the right to prepay obligations with and without prepayment penalties. Additionally, the refinancing of such loans or the potential delinquency of such loans could create differences between the contractual maturities and the actual repayment of such loans. 
 Table 8 - Loan Maturities and Interest Rate Sensitivity December 31, 2023 (in thousands) One Year Or Less Over One Year Through Five Years Over Five Years Through Fifteen Years Over Fifteen Years Total Commercial, financial, and agricultural 2,661,990 8,748,365 2,634,066 414,924 14,459,345 Owner-occupied 1,723,946 4,232,358 2,154,465 28,379 8,139,148 Total commercial and industrial 4,385,936 12,980,723 4,788,531 443,303 22,598,493 Investment properties 2,485,549 7,462,682 1,409,938 5,135 11,363,304 1-4 family properties 191,936 336,250 64,040 6,276 598,502 Land and development 186,614 159,693 8,571 74 354,952 Total commercial real estate 2,864,099 7,958,625 1,482,549 11,485 12,316,758 Consumer mortgages 108,555 39,938 433,158 4,830,072 5,411,723 Home equity 37,505 157,804 86,634 1,525,456 1,807,399 Credit cards 194,141 194,141 Other consumer loans 72,446 405,717 487,250 110,563 1,075,976 Total consumer 412,647 603,459 1,007,042 6,466,091 8,489,239 Loans, net of deferred fees and costs 7,662,682 21,542,807 7,278,122 6,920,879 43,404,490 Loans due after one year: 
 Fixed Interest Rate Floating or Adjustable Interest Rate Total Commercial, financial, and agricultural 2,201,096 9,596,259 11,797,355 Owner-occupied 3,132,018 3,283,184 6,415,202 Total commercial and industrial 5,333,114 12,879,443 18,212,557 Investment properties 2,758,405 6,119,350 8,877,755 1-4 family properties 309,058 97,508 406,566 Land and development 75,650 92,688 168,338 Total commercial real estate 3,143,113 6,309,546 9,452,659 Consumer mortgages 4,502,175 800,993 5,303,168 Home equity 478,576 1,291,318 1,769,894 Other consumer loans 634,037 369,493 1,003,530 Total consumer 5,614,788 2,461,804 8,076,592 Loans, net of deferred fees and costs 14,091,015 21,650,793 35,741,808 
 41 

Deposits 
 Deposits continue to provide the most significant funding source for interest earning assets. The following table shows the composition of period-end deposits as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. See Table 12 - Average Balances, Interest, and Yields/Rates in this Report for information on average deposits including average rates paid in 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 Table 9 - Composition of Period-end Deposits December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands) Amount (1) 
 Amount (1) 
 Non-interest-bearing demand deposits (2) 
 11,801,194 23.3 14,574,451 29.8 Interest-bearing demand deposits (2) 
 6,540,977 12.9 5,761,355 11.8 Money market accounts (2) 
 10,819,709 21.3 12,480,709 25.5 Savings deposits (2) 
 1,062,619 2.1 1,396,431 2.9 Public funds 
 7,349,505 14.5 6,635,552 13.6 Time deposits (2) 
 7,122,182 14.0 2,724,056 5.6 Brokered deposits 
 6,042,999 11.9 5,299,005 10.8 Total deposits 
 50,739,185 100.0 48,871,559 100.0 Core deposits (3) 
 44,696,186 88.1 43,572,554 89.2 
 (1) Deposits balance in each category expressed as percentage of total deposits. 
 (2) Excluding any public funds or brokered deposits. 
 (3) Core deposits exclude brokered deposits. 
 Total period-end deposits were 50.74 billion at December 31, 2023, up 1.87 billion, or 4 , compared to December 31, 2022, while core deposits also increased 1.12 billion, or 3 , in 2023. Fluctuations among core deposits categories were a function of the rate environment and included an increase in time deposits offset by decreases in non-interest-bearing demand deposits and money market accounts. Deployment of excess cash created from COVID-related stimulus was also a factor in the decrease in non-interest-bearing demand deposits, but the pace of decline slowed in the second half of 2023 relative to outflows experienced in the first half of 2023. Brokered deposits increased 744.0 million, or 14 , in 2023 as a result of continued proactive management of our balance sheet position. 
 Total deposits on an average basis were 49.87 billion, up 927.2 million, or 2 , compared to the prior year as average core deposits of 43.76 billion declined 1.53 billion, or 3 , in 2023, largely due to pressures from the rate environment and client deployment of excess funds. Average brokered deposits of 6.10 billion grew 2.46 billion, or 67 , from 2022, primarily due to the ongoing management of our liquidity position. 
 Average deposit costs were 2.50 for the fourth quarter of 2023, which equate to a cycle-to-date total deposit beta of 45 through the fourth quarter of 2023. Average deposit costs for 2023 were 206 bps, up 168 bps, compared to 38 bps for 2022, primarily due to the FOMC's rate hikes through the cycle. Deposit costs and betas have been impacted by pricing lags on core interest-bearing deposits as well as the decrease in non-interest-bearing demand deposits. 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, 23.77 billion and 23.96 billion, respectively, of our deposit portfolio was uninsured. The uninsured amounts are estimated based on the methodologies and assumptions used for the Bank's regulatory reporting requirements. At December 31, 2023, approximately 87 of our deposits are either insured (54 ), collateralized (14 ), or could be insured by switching to our insured cash sweep program, which has existing capacity (19 ). 
 The following table shows the portion of time deposits that are uninsured, by remaining time until maturity, at December 31, 2023. 
 Table 10 - Maturity Distribution of Uninsured Time Deposits (in thousands) December 31, 2023 3 months or less 704,964 Over 3 months through 6 months 493,098 Over 6 months through 12 months 847,802 Over 12 months 177,160 Total outstanding 2,223,024 
 42 

Net Interest Income 
 The following table summarizes the components of net interest income for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, including the tax-equivalent adjustment that is required in making yields on tax-exempt loans and investment securities comparable to taxable loans and investment securities. The taxable-equivalent adjustment is based on a 21 federal income tax rate for the three years shown. 
 Table 11 - Net Interest Income Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Interest income 
 3,050,358 2,075,787 1,653,343 Taxable-equivalent adjustment 
 4,621 3,927 3,185 Interest income, taxable-equivalent 
 3,054,979 2,079,714 1,656,528 Interest expense 
 1,233,703 278,887 120,396 Net interest income, taxable-equivalent 
 1,821,276 1,800,827 1,536,132 
 Net interest income (interest income less interest expense) is the largest component of total revenue, representing earnings from the primary business of gathering funds from client deposits and other sources, and investing those funds primarily in loans and fixed-income securities. Synovus long-term objective is to manage those assets and liabilities to maximize net interest income while balancing interest rate, credit, liquidity, and capital risks. 
 Net Interest Margin 
 Net interest margin is a measure of the spread between interest earning assets relative to the cost of funding and can be used to assess the efficiency of earnings from balance sheet activities. The net interest margin is affected by changes in interest earning asset yields, the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, the percentage of interest earning assets funded by non-interest-bearing funding sources, and the mix of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. 
 The net interest margin was 3.21 for 2023 compared to 3.32 in 2022, as the asset side of our consolidated balance sheets continued to benefit from higher interest rates, but the increase in funding costs, combined with remixing within core deposits, resulted in margin compression. 
 The primary components of the yield on interest earning assets are loan yields, yields on investment securities, and the yield on balances held with the Federal Reserve Bank. The yield on earning assets increased 155 bps to 5.39 from 3.84 in 2022, while the effective cost of funds increased 166 bps to 2.18 from 0.52 in 2022. Loan yields increased 177 bps as a result of the FOMC's continued rate hikes; the increase in average total loans, net of unearned income was primarily attributable to growth in commercial loans, largely in the latter half of 2022 and first part of 2023, in addition to increased line utilization. The increase in the effective cost of funds during 2023 was primarily driven by a decline in non-interest-bearing demand deposits and increases in market interest rates as funding costs continued to increase, albeit at a slower pace as the year progressed. 
 
 Earning Assets and Sources of Funds 
 Average total assets for 2023 increased 2.31 billion to 59.92 billion as compared to average total assets of 57.61 billion for 2022. Average interest earning assets increased 2.48 billion in 2023 as compared to the prior year and represented 94.6 of average total assets for 2023, as compared to 94.1 in 2022. The increase in average earning assets resulted primarily from a 2.52 billion increase in average total loans, net of deferred fees and costs. 
 Average interest-bearing liabilities for 2023 of 39.86 billion increased 4.98 billion from 34.88 billion in 2022. The increase in average interest-bearing liabilities resulted largely from a 2.81 billion increase in average time deposits, a 2.46 billion increase in brokered deposits, a 1.03 billion increase in long-term debt, and a 856.4 million increase in average interest-bearing demand deposits, partially offset by a 1.87 billion decrease in average money market accounts. The increase in time deposits and decrease in money market accounts are correlated, as fluctuations between these categories have been primarily driven by the rate environment. The increases in brokered deposits and long-term debt were largely due to the ongoing management of our liquidity position, which also included the February 2023 issuance of 500.0 million par value Synovus Bank Senior Notes. 
 Average non-interest bearing demand deposits decreased 3.07 billion compared to 2022, primarily driven by continued pressures from the rate environment and client deployment of excess funds. 
 43 

Table 12 - Average Balances, Interest, and Yields/Rates 2023 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) 
 Average Balance Interest Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Yield/ Rate Assets 
 Interest earning assets: 
 Commercial loans (1)(2)(3) 
 35,188,678 2,263,117 6.43 32,402,218 1,448,463 4.47 29,630,598 1,150,835 3.88 Consumer loans (1)(2) 
 8,557,650 426,266 4.98 8,823,424 361,524 4.10 8,520,247 334,917 3.93 Less: Allowance for loan losses 
 (463,493) (421,506) (537,324) Loans, net 
 43,282,835 2,689,383 6.21 40,804,136 1,809,987 4.44 37,613,521 1,485,752 3.95 Investment securities available for sale 
 11,212,956 248,294 2.21 11,208,886 209,951 1.87 9,603,343 140,077 1.46 Trading account assets 
 15,486 886 5.72 13,374 261 1.95 5,613 87 1.55 Interest earning deposits with banks 
 59,020 2,143 3.63 30,300 267 0.88 23,235 82 0.35 Interest-bearing funds with Federal Reserve Bank 
 1,323,264 68,289 5.09 1,143,245 18,117 1.56 2,885,418 3,777 0.13 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 
 32,302 917 2.80 47,108 372 0.78 93,457 53 0.06 FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank stock 
 254,420 14,975 5.89 214,289 6,722 3.14 159,176 2,891 1.82 Mortgage loans held for sale 
 46,035 2,993 6.50 75,325 3,353 4.45 203,840 5,935 2.91 Other loans held for sale 469,689 27,099 5.69 682,961 30,684 4.43 580,162 17,874 3.04 Total interest earning assets 
 56,696,007 3,054,979 5.39 54,219,624 2,079,714 3.84 51,167,765 1,656,528 3.24 Other cash and cash equivalents 
 575,370 574,250 561,170 Premises and equipment 
 367,159 385,622 445,333 Other real estate 
 6,356 1,522 Cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance 
 1,099,641 1,078,653 1,058,966 Other assets (4) 
 1,183,691 1,345,568 2,133,725 Total assets 
 59,921,868 57,610,073 55,368,481 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
 Interest-bearing liabilities: 
 Interest-bearing demand deposits 
 9,884,039 176,595 1.79 9,027,636 25,912 0.29 8,701,078 9,844 0.11 Money market accounts 
 13,511,442 356,562 2.64 15,385,765 79,567 0.52 15,607,034 27,556 0.18 Savings deposits 
 1,229,975 1,046 0.09 1,481,372 399 0.03 1,335,269 229 0.02 Time deposits 
 5,473,405 196,481 3.59 2,667,101 13,902 0.52 3,630,401 18,107 0.50 Brokered deposits 
 6,104,461 296,071 4.85 3,644,957 67,452 1.85 3,028,797 19,183 0.63 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements 
 97,114 1,667 1.69 205,753 1,308 0.63 210,949 128 0.06 Other short-term borrowings 
 528,194 24,611 4.60 466,254 10,945 2.32 8 Long-term debt 
 3,027,746 180,670 5.92 1,999,595 79,402 3.95 1,203,282 45,349 3.77 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 39,856,376 1,233,703 3.10 34,878,433 278,887 0.80 33,716,818 120,396 0.36 Non-interest-bearing demand deposits 
 13,662,660 16,731,967 15,304,120 Other liabilities 
 1,671,489 1,298,972 1,135,565 Shareholders' equity 
 4,731,343 4,700,701 5,211,978 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 59,921,868 57,610,073 55,368,481 Net interest income, taxable-equivalent net interest margin 
 1,821,276 3.21 1,800,827 3.32 1,536,132 3.00 Less: taxable-equivalent adjustment 
 4,621 3,927 3,185 Net interest income 
 1,816,655 1,796,900 1,532,947 
 (1) Average loans are shown net of deferred fees and costs. NPLs are included. 
 (2) Interest income includes net loan fees as follows: 2023 47.7 million, 2022 57.3 million, and 2021 115.5 million. 
 (3) Reflects taxable-equivalent adjustments, using the statutory federal tax rate of 21 , in adjusting interest on tax-exempt loans to a taxable-equivalent basis. 
 (4) Includes average net unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities available for sale of (1.62) billion, (985.6) million, and 46.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 44 

Table 13 - Rate/Volume Analysis 2023 Compared to 2022 
 Change Due to (1) 
 2022 Compared to 2021 Change Due to (1) 
 (in thousands) Volume/Mix Yield/Rate Net Change Volume/Mix Yield/Rate Net Change Interest earned on: 
 Commercial loans (2) 
 124,555 690,099 814,654 107,539 190,089 297,628 Consumer loans 
 (10,897) 75,639 64,742 11,915 14,692 26,607 Investment securities 
 76 38,267 38,343 23,441 46,433 69,874 Trading account assets 
 41 584 625 120 54 174 Interest earning deposits with banks 
 253 1,623 1,876 25 160 185 Interest-bearing funds with Federal Reserve Bank 
 2,808 47,364 50,172 (2,265) 16,605 14,340 Federal funds sold and securities 
 purchased under resale agreements 
 (115) 660 545 (28) 347 319 FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank stock 
 1,260 6,993 8,253 1,003 2,828 3,831 Mortgage loans held for sale 
 (1,303) 943 (360) (3,740) 1,158 (2,582) Other loans held for sale (9,448) 5,863 (3,585) 3,125 9,685 12,810 Total interest income 
 107,230 868,035 975,265 141,135 282,051 423,186 Interest paid on: 
 Interest-bearing demand deposits 
 2,484 148,199 150,683 359 15,709 16,068 Money market accounts 
 (9,746) 286,741 276,995 (398) 52,409 52,011 Savings deposits 
 (75) 722 647 29 141 170 Time deposits 
 14,593 167,986 182,579 (4,817) 612 (4,205) Brokered deposits 45,501 183,118 228,619 3,882 44,387 48,269 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under 
 repurchase agreements 
 (684) 1,043 359 (3) 1,183 1,180 Other short-term borrowings 
 1,437 12,229 13,666 10,945 10,945 Long-term debt 
 40,612 60,656 101,268 30,021 4,032 34,053 Total interest expense 
 94,122 860,694 954,816 40,018 118,473 158,491 Net interest income, taxable-equivalent 
 13,108 7,341 20,449 101,117 163,578 264,695 
 (1) Changes in net interest income are attributed to either changes in average balances (volume change) or changes in average rates (rate change) for earning assets and sources of funds on which interest is received or paid. Volume change is calculated as change in volume times the previous rate, while rate change is change in rate times the previous volume. 
 (2) Reflects taxable-equivalent adjustments, using the statutory federal income tax rate of 21 , in adjusting interest on tax-exempt loans to a taxable-equivalent basis. 
 45 

Non-interest Revenue 
 The following table shows the principal components of non-interest revenue. 
 Table 14 - Non-interest Revenue Years Ended December 31, December 31, 2023 vs December 31, 2022 (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Change Change Service charges on deposit accounts 
 90,096 93,067 86,310 (2,971) (3) Fiduciary and asset management fees 
 78,077 78,414 77,147 (337) Card fees 
 72,357 61,833 51,399 10,524 17 Brokerage revenue 
 83,431 67,034 56,439 16,397 24 Mortgage banking income 
 15,157 17,476 54,371 (2,319) (13) Capital markets income 
 32,181 26,702 26,118 5,479 21 Income from bank-owned life insurance 
 31,429 29,720 38,019 1,709 6 Investment securities gains (losses), net 
 (76,718) (799) (76,718) nm Insurance revenue 8,443 7,893 9,472 550 7 Gain on sale of GLOBALT 1,929 1,929 nm Recovery of NPA 13,126 13,126 nm Other non-interest revenue 
 54,502 27,197 51,590 27,305 100 Total non-interest revenue 
 404,010 409,336 450,066 (5,326) (1) Core banking fees (1) 
 188,093 180,882 165,481 7,211 4 Wealth revenue (2) 
 169,951 153,341 143,058 16,610 11 
 (1) Core banking fees consist of service charges on deposit accounts, card fees, and other non-interest revenue components including letter of credit fees, ATM fee income, line of credit non-usage fees, gains (losses) from sales of SBA loans, and miscellaneous other service charges. 
 (2) Wealth revenue consists of fiduciary and asset management, brokerage, and insurance revenue. 
 Non-interest revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 404.0 million, down 5.3 million, or 1 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, and was negatively impacted by losses from sales of investment securities of 76.7 million. Excluding the losses from sales of investment securities, the primary drivers of the increase in non-interest revenue included higher wealth revenue, a 13.1 million one-time benefit from the recovery of a non-performing asset related to the Qualpay investment, 11.7 million in transaction fees related to a third-party lending relationship, higher card fees, and a 7.0 million write-down on a minority Fintech investment that impacted earnings on equity method investments in 2022. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies" for further discussion on Qualpay. 
 Service charges on deposit accounts, consisting of account analysis fees, NSF fees, and all other service charges decreased during 2023 compared to 2022. The largest category of service charges, account analysis fees, was 43.2 million for 2023, up 3.1 million, or 8 , from 2022. NSF/overdraft fees of 23.0 million decreased 6.9 million, or 23.0 , from 2022 and included the impact of NSF/overdraft fee program changes implemented during 2023. All other service charges on deposit accounts, which consist primarily of monthly fees on consumer demand deposits and small business accounts, were 23.8 million for 2023, up 787 thousand, or 3 , compared to 2022. 
 Fiduciary and asset management fees are derived from providing estate administration, personal trust, corporate trust, corporate bond, investment management, financial planning, and family office services. The slight decrease in fiduciary and asset management fees for 2023 was primarily driven by the sale of GLOBALT to its management team on September 30, 2023. 
 Card fees consist primarily of credit card interchange fees, debit card interchange fees, and merchant revenue. Card fees are reported net of certain associated expense items including client loyalty program expenses and network expenses. Merchant revenue relates to the fees that are charged to merchant clients based on a percentage of their credit or debit card transaction volume amounts. The increase in 2023 from 2022 resulted from higher merchant fees primarily driven by our Qualpay investment, increased merchant revenue largely from higher sales transaction volumes, and higher credit card transaction volumes from elevated commercial/small business spend activity. 
 Brokerage revenue consists primarily of brokerage commissions as well as advisory fees earned from the management of client assets. The increase in 2023 over 2022 largely benefited from client activity, including movement into short-term liquidity products such as repurchase agreements due to the rate environment. 
 46 

Mortgage banking income, consisting of net gains on loan origination/sales activities, was lower compared to 2022, driven largely by a 5.9 million decline in gains on sale as a result of a 220.1 million, or 28 , decline in loans sold, somewhat offset by a 3.5 million favorable change in the mark-to-market. Secondary market production was 548.2 million, a 181.1 million, or 25 , decrease compared to 2022. 
 Capital markets income primarily includes fee income from client derivative transactions, debt capital market transactions, foreign exchange, as well as other miscellaneous income from capital market transactions. The increase for 2023 was primarily a result of a 6.9 million increase in loan syndication arranger fees and 1.5 million higher fee income from debt capital markets transactions partially offset by a 3.2 million decrease in fees on client derivative transactions. 
 Income from BOLI includes increases in the cash surrender value of policies and proceeds from insurance benefits. The increase in 2023 was driven by a 1.1 million increase in proceeds from insurance benefits. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2023, as part of an overall strategic repositioning of the investment securities portfolio, Synovus sold at amortized cost 1.30 billion of U.S. Treasury securities, agency securities and debt and agency mortgage-backed securities, which resulted in realized net losses of 77.7 million. 
 Insurance revenue primarily includes fixed annuity revenue and income from life insurance commissions. The 550 thousand increase from 2022 included a 1.0 million increase in fixed annuity revenue driven by the rate environment partially offset by 320 thousand lower income from life insurance commissions. 
 On September 30, 2023, Synovus further simplified its business mix and sold its asset management firm GLOBALT to its management team and recorded a 1.9 million gain, which included an earnout receivable valued at 1.8 million. The divestiture will be immaterial to future earnings and will allow us to reallocate capital to higher returning fee income lines of business while continuing to meet our wealth clients needs. 
 The main components of other non-interest revenue are fees for letters of credit and unused lines of credit, safe deposit box fees, access fees for ATM use, other service charges and loan servicing fees, earnings on equity method investments, gains (losses) from sales of SBA loans, and other miscellaneous items. In 2023, there were 11.7 million in transaction fees related to a third-party lending relationship, a 9.0 million increase in the fair value of non-qualified deferred compensation plan assets (offset in non-interest expense), a 5.3 million increase compared to 2022 related to favorable valuation adjustments on tax-related equity investment partnerships, and 4.2 million lower loan servicing fees on our third-party lending relationships. 2022 included a 7.0 million write-down on a minority Fintech investment and a 3.5 million gain on the sale of a real estate partnership. 
 
 Non-interest Expense 
 The following table summarizes non-interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 Table 15 - Non-interest Expense Years Ended December 31, December 31, 2023 vs December 31, 2022 (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Change Change Salaries and other personnel expense 
 728,378 681,710 649,426 46,668 7 Net occupancy, equipment, and software expense 
 179,581 174,730 169,222 4,851 3 Third-party processing and other services 
 86,649 88,617 86,688 (1,968) (2) Professional fees 
 39,854 37,189 32,785 2,665 7 FDIC insurance and other regulatory fees 
 94,737 29,083 22,355 65,654 226 Amortization of intangibles 
 10,487 8,472 9,516 2,015 24 Restructuring charges (reversals) 17,707 (9,690) 7,223 27,397 (283) Valuation adjustment to Visa derivative 3,927 6,000 2,656 (2,073) (35) (Gain) loss on early extinguishment of debt 
 (5,400) 677 (6,077) nm Loss on other loans held for sale 50,064 50,064 nm Other operating expense 
 129,440 140,718 120,033 (11,278) (8) Total non-interest expense 
 1,335,424 1,157,506 1,099,904 177,918 15 
 Non-interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 1.34 billion, an increase of 177.9 million, or 15 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in non-interest expense during 2023 was impacted by a 51.0 million accrual for the FDIC special assessment and a 50.1 million loss related to strategic sales of medical office buildings loans and third-party consumer loans. In addition, restructuring charges of 18.4 million were recorded for one-time benefits 
 47 

associated with a voluntary early retirement program offered to certain qualified employees in 2023 while 2022 benefited from a 9.7 million reversal of restructuring charges. 
 Salaries and other personnel expense increased compared to 2022, primarily due to the impacts of merit and inflationary wage increases, employee healthcare costs, unfavorable deferred loan origination costs due to lower loan production, and a 9.0 million unfavorable change from the fair value of the non-qualified deferred compensation liability (offset in non-interest revenue). The increases were somewhat offset by lower incentives and commissions largely due to decreased performance and production volumes. Synovus employees totaled 4,879, down 235, or 5 , from December 31, 2022 primarily as a result of the aforementioned voluntary early retirement program in addition to strategic reductions in areas primarily impacted by production volume declines, partially offset by additions in areas associated with revenue growth and certain critical support functions. 
 Net occupancy, equipment, and software expense increased compared to 2022, due primarily to continued investments in technology and operations infrastructure. Synovus Bank operated 246 branches at both December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Third-party processing and other services expense includes all third-party core operating system and processing charges as well as third-party loan servicing charges. Third-party processing expense decreased compared to 2022, mostly due to lower servicing fees associated with decreased third-party consumer loans somewhat offset by enhancements associated with technology and operations infrastructure investments and new business initiatives. 
 Professional fees increased compared to 2022, primarily from increased legal fees from various transaction-related matters, including new business initiatives, and higher consulting fees largely related to strategic and infrastructure investments. 
 FDIC insurance and other regulatory fees increased compared to 2022. On May 22, 2023, the FDIC published its proposed rule to charge certain banks a special assessment to cover losses incurred by the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) due to bank failures in March and May of 2023. The final rule was approved by the FDIC Board on November 16, 2023 and imposed a special assessment at an annual rate of approximately 13.4 bps on a bank's uninsured deposits balance, in excess of 5 billion, as of December 31, 2022, payable in eight quarterly installments beginning in the first quarter of 2024. A 51.0 million expense was accrued in the fourth quarter of 2023, with the remaining increase largely due to the industry-wide 2 bps increase in the deposit insurance initial base assessment rate that went into effect in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Amortization of intangibles increased during 2023 primarily due to Synovus' acquisition of Qualpay. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" for further discussion on Qualpay and "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 5 - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" for further information on Qualpay's other intangible assets. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, Synovus' restructuring charges of 17.7 million primarily consisted of 18.4 million in one-time termination benefits associated with a voluntary early retirement program offered to certain employees, 4.7 million in gains on the sale of branches previously closed, and 3.8 million of additional severance unrelated to the amount recorded for the voluntary early retirement program. During the year ended December 31, 2022, a net restructuring reversal of 9.7 million was recorded and primarily consisted of 15.4 million in gains on sales of certain building and branch locations and 4.8 million in lease termination charges and asset impairment charges related to branch closures and restructuring of corporate real estate as part of a large-scale property optimization program. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, Synovus recorded 3.9 million and 6.0 million, respectively, in valuation adjustments to the Visa derivative associated with an indemnification agreement following Visa's announcements of funding into its litigation escrow account. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" of this Report for additional information on the Visa derivative. 
 In 2023, Synovus repurchased 97.0 million of its 5.90 Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes through both a cash tender offer and open market purchases and recognized gains of 5.4 million on the early extinguishment of debt. On February 10, 2022, Synovus Bank redeemed its 2.289 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Bank Senior Notes of 400 million par value and incurred a 677 thousand loss on early extinguishment of debt. 
 During 2023, Synovus recorded a loss of 50.1 million related to strategic sales of medical office buildings loans and third-party consumer loans. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 3 - Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses" for further information. 
 Other operating expense includes advertising, travel, insurance, network and communication, other taxes, subscriptions and dues, other loan and ORE expense, postage and freight, training, business development, supplies, donations, and other miscellaneous expense. The decrease over prior year was primarily related to decreased loan expense from lower production and a 2.7 million reversal of an impairment charge related to the Qualpay investment. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies" for further discussion on Qualpay. 
 48 

Income Taxes 
 Income tax expense was 154.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to 206.3 million and 228.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective income tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was 22.1 , 21.4 , and 23.1 , respectively. The most significant factor of the increase in the effective tax rate in 2023 compared to the prior year related to a downward revaluation of state deferred tax assets associated with the anticipated expansion of a third-party lending relationship which would lower future taxes in certain states. 
 Deferred tax assets generally represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable in future years. At December 31, 2023, the net deferred tax asset was 506.9 million compared to 595.3 million at December 31, 2022. 
 Synovus regularly assesses the realizability of its net deferred tax assets based upon all available evidence, both positive and negative. Based upon the assessment, Synovus established a valuation allowance of 26.2 million at December 31, 2023 and 19.1 million at December 31, 2022, on the portion of its federal and state NOLs and tax credits that are not expected to be utilized prior to expiration in years 2024 through 2043. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 16 - Income Taxes" of this Report for additional discussion regarding deferred income taxes. 
 49 

Credit Quality 
 Synovus diligently monitors the quality of its loan portfolio by industry, property type, and geography through a thorough portfolio review process and our analytical risk management tools. Credit quality metrics migrated from historically low levels with the NPA and NPL ratios both at 0.66 and total past dues at 0.14 , as a percentage of total loans. Net charge-offs for 2023 at 153.3 million, or 0.35 , of average loans, were largely impacted by strategic loan sales and exposure to a nationally syndicated C I credit that resulted in a 23.3 million net charge-off. 
 Table 16 - Selected Credit Quality Metrics December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Non-performing loans 
 288,177 128,061 131,042 ORE and other assets 
 15,320 27,137 Non-performing assets 
 288,177 143,381 158,179 Loans 90 days past due and still accruing 
 5,053 3,373 6,770 As a of loans 
 0.01 0.01 0.02 Total past due loans and still accruing 
 59,099 65,568 57,565 As a of loans 
 0.14 0.15 0.15 FDMs (1) 
 249,529 Accruing TDRs (1) 
 146,840 119,804 Non-performing loans as a of total loans 
 0.66 0.29 0.33 Non-performing assets as a of total loans, impaired loans held for sale, ORE, and specific other assets 
 0.66 0.33 0.40 Total loans 43,404,490 43,716,353 39,311,958 Net charge-offs 153,342 53,156 77,788 Net charge-offs/average loans 0.35 0.13 0.20 Provision for (reversal of) loan losses 189,303 68,983 (100,351) Provision for (reversal of) unfunded commitments (224) 15,570 (5,900) Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 189,079 84,553 (106,251) Allowance for loan losses 479,385 443,424 427,597 Reserve for unfunded commitments 57,231 57,455 41,885 Allowance for credit losses 536,616 500,879 469,482 ACL to loans coverage ratio 1.24 1.15 1.19 ALL to loans coverage ratio 1.10 1.01 1.09 ACL/NPLs 186.21 391.13 358.27 ALL/NPLs 166.35 346.26 326.31 
 
 (1 Synovus' adoption of ASU-2022-02 on January 1, 2023 on a prospective basis resulted in the elimination of accounting and disclosure requirements for TDRs and added requirements for the disclosure of certain loan refinancings and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty called FDMs. As a result, the population of loans considered FDMs is larger than the population previously considered TDRs. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 3 - Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses" for additional information on FDMs and TDRs in prior periods. 
 Non-performing Assets 
 Total NPAs were 288.2 million at December 31, 2023, a 144.8 million increase from December 31, 2022 primarily due to the designation of several large commercial relationships as non-performing, which have undergone impairment testing and have been appropriately marked or reserved. Total NPAs as a percentage of total loans, other loans held for sale, ORE and specific other assets increased to 0.66 at December 31, 2023 compared to 0.33 at December 31, 2022. NPLs were 288.2 million at December 31, 2023, a 160.1 million increase from December 31, 2022 . 
 50 

The following table shows the components of NPAs by portfolio class at December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Table 17 - NPAs by Portfolio Class December 31, 2023 2022 (in thousands) Total NPAs (1) 
 NPLs ORE and Other Assets Total NPAs Commercial, financial, and agricultural 89,870 59,307 59,307 Owner-occupied 91,370 10,104 10,104 Total commercial and industrial 181,240 69,411 69,411 Investment properties 39,770 3,473 3,473 1-4 family properties 3,056 3,122 3,122 Land and development 804 1,158 1,158 Total commercial real estate 43,630 7,753 7,753 Consumer mortgages 46,108 36,847 36,847 Home equity 10,473 6,830 6,830 Other consumer loans 6,726 7,220 7,220 Total consumer 63,307 50,897 50,897 Other assets 15,320 15,320 Total 288,177 128,061 15,320 143,381 
 (1) For December 31, 2023, total NPAs equaled total NPLs. 
 Past Due Loans 
 As a percentage of loans outstanding, loans 30 or more days past due and still accruing interest were 0.14 at December 31, 2023 compared to 0.15 at December 31, 2022. As a percentage of loans outstanding, loans 90 days past due and still accruing interest were 0.01 at both December 31, 2023 and 2022. These loans are in the process of collection and carry reserves in accordance with our ACL methodology. 
 Criticized and Classified Loans 
 Our loan ratings are aligned to federal banking regulators' definitions of pass and criticized categories, which include special mention, substandard, doubtful, and loss. Substandard accruing and non-accruing loans, doubtful, and loss loans are often collectively referred to as classified. Special mention, substandard, doubtful, and loss loans are often collectively referred to as criticized and classified loans. The following table presents a summary of criticized and classified loans. Criticized and classified loans at December 31, 2023 increased 584.5 million compared to December 31, 2022, primarily due to pressures from the economic and interest rate environment. 
 Table 18 - Criticized and Classified Loans December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 Special mention loans 615,748 312,921 Substandard loans 898,579 626,266 Doubtful loans 9,714 Loss loans 2,539 2,884 Criticized and Classified loans 1,526,580 942,071 As a of total loans 
 3.5 2.2 
 Net Charge-offs 
 Total 2023 net charge-offs were 153.3 million, or 0.35 , of average loans, compared to total net charge-offs of 53.2 million, or 0.13 of average loans in 2022. Net charge-offs increased in 2023 as compared to 2022 largely due to net charge-offs of 31.3 million related to strategic loan sales as well as a 23.3 million net charge-off that resulted from exposure to a 
 51 

nationally syndicated C I credit. Excluding the strategic loan sales, the net charge-off ratio for 2023 was 0.28 of average loans. The following table shows net charge-offs (recoveries) for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 Table 19 - Net Charge-offs Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Amount (1) 
 Amount (1) 
 Amount (1) 
 Commercial and industrial 69,656 0.31 27,963 0.13 49,723 0.26 Commercial real estate 44,177 0.35 1,469 0.01 7,948 0.08 Consumer 39,509 0.46 23,724 0.27 20,117 0.23 Total net charge-offs 153,342 0.35 53,156 0.13 77,788 0.20 
 (1) Net charge-off ratio as a percentage of average loans. 
 Provision for (reversal of) Credit Losses and Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The provision for credit losses of 189.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 included net charge-offs of 153.3 million and compares to a provision for credit losses of 84.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 that included net charge-offs of 53.2 million. The increase in provision was driven by increased net charge-offs and downward risk grade migration, as well as continued economic uncertainty. The increase in 2023 net charge-offs included net charge-offs of 31.3 million related to strategic loan sales as well as exposure to a nationally syndicated C I credit. 
 The ALL of 479.4 million and the reserve for unfunded commitments of 57.2 million, which is recorded in other liabilities, comprise the total ACL of 536.6 million at December 31, 2023. The ACL increased 35.7 million compared to the December 31, 2022 ACL of 500.9 million, which consisted of an ALL of 443.4 million and the reserve for unfunded commitments of 57.5 million. The ACL to loans coverage ratio of 1.24 at December 31, 2023 was 9 bps higher compared to December 31, 2022. The increase in the ACL from December 31, 2022 resulted primarily from downward risk grade migration, an increase in reserves on individually evaluated loans, and the continuation of an uncertain economic environment. 
 See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" and "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 3 - Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses" in this Report for more information. 
 The following table shows the allocation of the allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Table 20 - Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses December 31, 2023 2022 (dollars in thousands) Amount of ALL of Total Loans (1) 
 Amount of ALL of Total Loans (1) 
 Commercial and industrial 
 218,970 45.7 52.0 161,550 36.4 50.5 Commercial real estate 
 133,758 27.9 28.4 143,575 32.4 28.9 Consumer 
 126,657 26.4 19.6 138,299 31.2 20.6 Total allowance for loan losses 
 479,385 100.0 100.0 443,424 100.0 100.0 
 (1) Loan balance in each category expressed as a percentage of loans, net of deferred fees and costs. See Table 5 - Loans by Portfolio Class in this Report for more information. 
 52 

Capital Resources 
 Synovus and Synovus Bank are required to comply with capital adequacy standards established by our primary federal regulator, the Federal Reserve. Synovus and Synovus Bank measure capital adequacy using the standardized approach under Basel III. At December 31, 2023, Synovus and Synovus Bank's capital levels remained strong and exceeded well-capitalized requirements currently in effect. The following table presents certain ratios used to measure Synovus and Synovus Bank's capitalization. 
 Table 21 - Capital Ratios (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 CET1 capital Synovus Financial Corp. 5,206,521 4,926,194 Synovus Bank 5,559,624 5,446,703 Tier 1 risk-based capital Synovus Financial Corp. 5,743,666 5,463,339 Synovus Bank 5,559,624 5,446,703 Total risk-based capital Synovus Financial Corp. 6,654,224 6,415,681 Synovus Bank 6,249,947 6,079,152 CET1 capital ratio Synovus Financial Corp. 10.22 9.63 Synovus Bank 10.93 10.66 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio Synovus Financial Corp. 11.28 10.68 Synovus Bank 10.93 10.66 Total risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets ratio Synovus Financial Corp. 13.07 12.54 Synovus Bank 12.29 11.89 Leverage ratio Synovus Financial Corp. 9.49 9.07 Synovus Bank 9.21 9.06 
 At December 31, 2023, Synovus' CET1 ratio was 10.22 , well in excess of regulatory requirements including the capital conservation buffer of 2.5 . The December 31, 2023 CET1 ratio increased 59 bps compared to December 31, 2022 as our organic earnings and muted balance sheet growth supported capital accretion. For more information on regulatory capital requirements, see "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 10 - Regulatory Capital" in this Report. In 2024, our capital plan anticipates a stable common stock dividend and management of our CET1 ratio within our targeted range of 10.0 to 10.5 . 
 The Company announced on January 18, 2024 that its Board of Directors authorized share repurchases of up to 300 million of common stock and 50 million of preferred stock in 2024. Subsequent to year-end, through February 20, 2024, Synovus repurchased 29.9 million, or 800 thousand shares, of common stock via open market transactions. 
 On January 18, 2023, Synovus announced that its Board of Directors approved a capital plan that included an anticipated quarterly common stock dividend of 0.38 per share, beginning with the quarterly dividend payable in April 2023, and authorized share repurchases of up to 300 million in 2023. During 2023, Synovus did not repurchase any common stock. 
 On August 26, 2020, the federal banking regulators issued a final rule that allowed electing banking organizations that adopted CECL during 2020 to mitigate the estimated effects of CECL on regulatory capital for two years, followed by a three-year phase-in transition period. Synovus adopted CECL on January 1, 2020, and the December 31, 2023 regulatory capital ratios reflect Synovus' election of the five-year transition provision. At December 31, 2023, 29.2 million, or a cumulative 6 bps benefit to CET1, was deferred. 
 
 Parent Company 
 The Parent Company s net assets consist primarily of its investment in Synovus Bank. The Parent Company s primary uses of cash are for the servicing of debt, payment of dividends to shareholders, and repurchases of common stock. The Parent 
 53 

Company also provides the necessary funds to strengthen the capital of its subsidiaries if needed. These uses of cash are primarily funded by dividends from Synovus Bank, borrowings from external sources, and equity offerings. 
 During 2023, Synovus Bank and non-bank subsidiaries paid upstream cash dividends to the Parent Company totaling 435.0 million. During 2022, Synovus Bank paid upstream cash dividends to the Parent Company totaling 350.0 million, and during 2021, Synovus Bank paid upstream cash dividends to the Parent Company totaling 420.0 million. 
 
 Liquidity 
 Liquidity represents the extent to which Synovus has readily available sources of funding to meet the needs of depositors, borrowers, and creditors; to support asset growth; and to otherwise sustain operations of Synovus and its subsidiaries, at a reasonable cost, on a timely basis, and without adverse consequences. ALCO monitors Synovus' economic, competitive, and regulatory environment and is responsible for measuring, monitoring, and reporting on liquidity and funding risk as well as market risk. 
 In accordance with Synovus policies and regulatory guidance, ALCO evaluates contractual and anticipated cash flows under normal and stressed conditions to properly manage the Company's liquidity profile. Synovus places an emphasis on maintaining numerous sources of current and contingent liquidity to meet its obligations to depositors, borrowers, and creditors on a timely basis. Liquidity is generated through various sources, including, but not limited to, maturities and repayments of loans by clients, maturities and sales of investment securities, and growth in core and wholesale deposits. 
 Synovus Bank also generates liquidity through the issuance of brokered certificates of deposit and money market accounts. Synovus Bank accesses funds from a broad geographic base to diversify its sources of funding and liquidity. Synovus Bank also has the capacity to access funding through its membership in the FHLB system and the Federal Reserve. Management continuously monitors and maintains appropriate levels of liquidity so as to provide adequate funding sources to manage client deposit withdrawals, loan requests, and other funding demands. 
 Core deposit balances have increased by 1.12 billion compared to December 31, 2022. Fluctuations among core deposit categories have been a function of the rate environment, as well as deployment of excess cash created from COVID-related stimulus in the case of non-interest-bearing deposits, and included a 3.13 billion decrease in non-interest-bearing demand deposits and a 1.93 billion decline in money market accounts, with an offsetting 4.57 billion increase in time deposits. Synovus continues to proactively manage its liquidity position, which has included increasing brokered deposits, and robust contingent liquidity is maintained across a diverse set of sources which include immediately available funds as well as funds we expect to be available within short notice. Contingent liquidity sources include primary sources such as FHLB borrowing capacity, FRB cash reserves, unencumbered securities, and third-party consumer loans, which includes our decision to sell loans from this portfolio and strategic runoff, while secondary sources consist of the Federal Reserve discount window, Fed Funds lines, and other sources. At December 31, 2023, contingent sources of liquidity totaled approximately 27.7 billion, and based on currently pledged collateral, Synovus Bank had access to FHLB funding of 7.56 billion, subject to FHLB credit policies. 
 In addition to bank level liquidity management, Synovus must manage liquidity at the parent company level for various operating needs including the servicing of debt, the payment of dividends on our common stock and preferred stock, payment of general corporate expense, and potential capital infusions into subsidiaries. The primary source of liquidity for Synovus consists of dividends from Synovus Bank, which is governed by certain rules and regulations of the GA DBF and the Federal Reserve Bank. Synovus' ability to receive dividends from Synovus Bank in future periods will depend on a number of factors, including, without limitation, Synovus Bank's future profits, asset quality, liquidity, and overall condition. In addition, both the GA DBF and Federal Reserve Bank may require approval to pay dividends, based on certain regulatory statutes and limitations. 
 On February 15, 2023, Synovus Bank issued 500 million aggregate principal amount of 5.625 Senior Bank Notes due 2028, and the Notes will mature on February 15, 2028. The Notes will bear interest at 5.625 per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on each February 15 and August 15, beginning on August 15, 2023. Synovus Bank may not redeem the Notes prior to August 15, 2023. The redemption price for any redemption in whole or in part, at our option, on or after August 15, 2023, and prior to January 15, 2028, is equal to the greater of: (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on January 15, 2028) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 30 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and (2) 100 of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. The redemption price for any redemption after January 15, 2028 is 100 of the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. The Notes are not redeemable at the option or election of holders. 
 During 2023, Synovus repurchased 97.0 million of its 5.90 Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes through both a cash tender offer and open market purchases and recognized gains of 5.4 million on the early extinguishment of debt. The 
 54 

Company may continue to redeem any outstanding debt as it deems appropriate and as permitted per regulatory approvals if so required and in compliance with laws. 
 Synovus presently believes that the sources of liquidity discussed above, including existing liquid funds on hand, are sufficient to meet its anticipated funding needs. However, if economic conditions were to significantly deteriorate, regulatory capital requirements for Synovus or Synovus Bank were to increase as the result of regulatory directives or otherwise, or Synovus believes it is prudent to enhance current liquidity levels, then Synovus may seek additional liquidity from external sources. See "Part I - Item 1A. - Risk Factors - Market and Other General Risk - Recent negative developments affecting the banking industry, and resulting media coverage, have eroded client confidence in the banking system , and Credit and Liquidity Risk - Changes in the cost and availability of funding due to changes in the deposit market and credit market may adversely affect our capital resources, liquidity and financial results ". Furthermore, Synovus may, from time to time, take advantage of attractive market opportunities to refinance, retire, or repurchase its existing debt, redeem its preferred stock, repurchase shares, or strengthen its liquidity or capital position. 
 
 Contractual Cash Obligations 
 The following table summarizes, by remaining maturity, Synovus significant contractual cash obligations at December 31, 2023. Excluded from the table below are certain liabilities with variable cash flows and/or no contractual maturity. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies" of this Report for information on Synovus' commitments to extend credit including loan commitments and letters of credit along with obligations related to Synovus' sponsorship of MPS businesses. Additionally, see "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 7 - Deposits" of this Report for information on contractual maturities of time deposits and "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 8 - Other Short-term Borrowings and Long-term Debt" for information on long-term debt obligations. 
 Table 22 - Contractual Cash Obligations Payments Due After December 31, 2023 (in thousands) 1 Year or Less After 1 Year Total Long-term debt obligations 108,347 2,220,734 2,329,081 Lease obligations 36,335 677,313 713,648 Purchase commitments (1) 
 81,841 103,944 185,785 Commitments to fund tax credits, CRA partnerships, and other investments (2) 
 195,185 98,081 293,266 Total contractual cash obligations 421,708 3,100,072 3,521,780 
 (1) Legally binding purchase obligations of 1.0 million or more. 
 (2) Commitments to fund investments in tax credits, CRA partnerships, and other investments have scheduled funding dates that are contingent on events that have not yet occurred, and may be subject to change. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" of this Report for further information. 
 55 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The measures entitled adjusted non-interest revenue; adjusted non-interest expense; adjusted revenue; adjusted tangible efficiency ratio; adjusted return on average assets; adjusted net income available to common shareholders; adjusted net income per common share, diluted; adjusted return on average common equity; return on average tangible common equity; adjusted return on average tangible common equity; the tangible common equity ratio; and adjusted PPNR are not measures recognized under GAAP and therefore are considered non-GAAP financial measures. The most comparable GAAP measures to these measures are total non-interest revenue, total non-interest expense, total TE revenue, efficiency ratio-TE, return on average assets, net income available to common shareholders, net income per common share, diluted, return on average common equity, the ratio of total Synovus Financial Corp. shareholders' equity to total assets, and PPNR, respectively. 
 Management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful additional information about Synovus to assist management and investors in evaluating Synovus operating results, financial strength, the performance of its business, and the strength of its capital position. However, these non-GAAP financial measures have inherent limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analyses of operating results or capital position as reported under GAAP. The non-GAAP financial measures should be considered as additional views of the way our financial measures are affected by significant items and other factors, and since they are not required to be uniformly applied, they may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures at other companies. Adjusted non-interest revenue and adjusted revenue are measures used by management to evaluate non-interest revenue and total revenue exclusive of net investment securities gains (losses), fair value adjustments on non-qualified deferred compensation, and other items not indicative of ongoing operations that could impact period-to-period comparisons. Adjusted non-interest expense and the adjusted tangible efficiency ratio are measures utilized by management to measure the success of expense management initiatives focused on reducing recurring controllable operating costs. Adjusted return on average assets, adjusted net income available to common shareholders, adjusted net income per common share, diluted, and adjusted return on average common equity are measurements used by management to evaluate operating results exclusive of items that management believes are not indicative of ongoing operations and impact period-to-period comparisons. Return on average tangible common equity and adjusted return on average tangible common equity are measures used by management to compare Synovus performance with other financial institutions because it calculates the return available to common shareholders without the impact of intangible assets and their related amortization, thereby allowing management to evaluate the performance of the business consistently. The tangible common equity ratio is used by management to assess the strength of our capital position. Adjusted PPNR is used by management to evaluate PPNR exclusive of items that management believes are not indicative of ongoing operations and impact period-to-period comparisons. The computations of these measures are set forth in the tables below. 
 Management does not provide a reconciliation for forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures where it is unable to provide a meaningful or accurate calculation or estimation of reconciling items and the information is not available without unreasonable effort. This is due to the inherent difficulty of forecasting the occurrence and the financial impact of various items that have not yet occurred, are out of Synovus control, or cannot be reasonably predicted. For the same reasons, Synovus management is unable to address the probable significance of the unavailable information. Forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures provided without the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures may vary materially from the corresponding GAAP financial measures. 
 56 

Table 23 - Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 Adjusted non-interest revenue Total non-interest revenue 404,010 409,336 Gain on sale of GLOBALT (1,929) Recovery of NPA (13,126) Investment securities (gains) losses, net 76,718 Fair value adjustment on non-qualified deferred compensation (4,987) 4,054 Adjusted non-interest revenue 460,686 413,390 Adjusted non-interest expense Total non-interest expense 1,335,424 1,157,506 Loss on other loans held for sale (50,064) Restructuring (charges) reversals (17,707) 9,690 Valuation adjustment to Visa derivative (3,927) (6,000) Gain (loss) on early extinguishment of debt 5,400 (677) Fair value adjustment on non-qualified deferred compensation (4,987) 4,054 Adjusted non-interest expense 1,264,139 1,164,573 Adjusted revenue and adjusted tangible efficiency ratio Adjusted non-interest expense 1,264,139 1,164,573 Amortization of intangibles (10,487) (8,472) Adjusted tangible non-interest expense 1,253,652 1,156,101 Net interest income 1,816,655 1,796,900 Tax equivalent adjustment 4,621 3,927 Total non-interest revenue 404,010 409,336 Total TE revenue 2,225,286 2,210,163 Gain on sale of GLOBALT (1,929) Recovery of NPA (13,126) Investment securities (gains) losses, net 76,718 Fair value adjustment on non-qualified deferred compensation (4,987) 4,054 Adjusted revenue 2,281,962 2,214,217 Efficiency ratio-TE 60.01 52.37 Adjusted tangible efficiency ratio 
 54.94 52.21 
 
 57 

Table 23 - Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, continued Years Ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2023 2022 Adjusted return on average assets Net income 542,141 757,902 Restructuring charges (reversals) 17,707 (9,690) Valuation adjustment to Visa derivative 3,927 6,000 (Gain) loss on early extinguishment of debt (5,400) 677 Gain on sale of GLOBALT (1,929) Recovery of NPA (13,126) Loss on other loans held for sale 50,064 Investment securities (gains) losses, net 76,718 Tax effect of adjustments (1) 
 (31,312) 733 Adjusted net income 638,790 755,622 Total average assets 59,921,868 57,610,073 Return on average assets 0.90 1.32 Adjusted return on average assets 1.07 1.31 Adjusted net income available to common shareholders and adjusted net income per common share, diluted Net income available to common shareholders 507,755 724,739 Restructuring charges (reversals) 17,707 (9,690) Valuation adjustment to Visa derivative 3,927 6,000 (Gain) loss on early extinguishment of debt (5,400) 677 Gain on sale of GLOBALT (1,929) Recovery of NPA (13,126) Loss on other loans held for sale 50,064 Investment securities (gains) losses, net 76,718 Tax effect of adjustments (1) 
 (31,312) 733 Adjusted net income available to common shareholders 604,404 722,459 Weighted average common shares outstanding, diluted 146,734 146,481 Net income per common share, diluted 3.46 4.95 Adjusted net income per common share, diluted 4.12 4.93 (1) An assumed marginal tax rate of 24.5 for 2023 and 24.3 for 2022 was applied. 
 
 58 

Table 23 - Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, continued Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 
 2023 2022 Adjusted return on average common equity, return on average tangible common equity, and adjusted return on average tangible common equity Net income available to common shareholders 507,755 724,739 Restructuring charges (reversals) 17,707 (9,690) Valuation adjustment to Visa derivative 3,927 6,000 (Gain) loss on early extinguishment of debt (5,400) 677 Gain on sale of GLOBALT (1,929) Recovery of NPA (13,126) Loss on other loans held for sale 50,064 Investment securities (gains) losses, net 76,718 Tax effect of adjustments (1) 
 (31,312) 733 Adjusted net income available to common shareholders 604,404 722,459 Amortization of intangibles, tax effected (1) 
 7,921 6,410 Adjusted net income available to common shareholders excluding amortization of intangibles 612,325 728,869 Net income available to common shareholders 507,755 724,739 Amortization of intangibles, tax effected (1) 
 7,921 6,410 Net income available to common shareholders excluding amortization of intangibles 515,676 731,149 Total average Synovus Financial Corp. shareholders' equity less preferred stock 4,173,417 4,163,556 Average goodwill (471,084) (452,390) Average other intangible assets, net (48,812) (31,317) Total average Synovus Financial Corp. tangible shareholders' equity less preferred stock 3,653,521 3,679,849 Return on average common equity 12.2 17.4 Adjusted return on average common equity 14.5 17.4 Return on average tangible common equity 14.1 19.9 Adjusted return on average tangible common equity 16.8 19.8 (1) An assumed marginal tax rate of 24.5 for 2023 and 24.3 for 2022 was applied. 

December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 Tangible common equity ratio 
 Total assets 59,809,534 59,731,378 Goodwill (480,440) (452,390) Other intangible assets, net (45,928) (27,124) Tangible assets 59,283,166 59,251,864 Total Synovus Financial Corp. shareholders' equity 5,119,993 4,475,801 Goodwill (480,440) (452,390) Other intangible assets, net (45,928) (27,124) Preferred stock, no par value (537,145) (537,145) Tangible common equity 4,056,480 3,459,142 Total Synovus Financial Corp. shareholders equity to total assets ratio 
 8.56 7.49 Tangible common equity ratio 6.84 5.84 
 59 

Table 23 - Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, continued Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 Adjusted PPNR Net interest income 1,816,655 1,796,900 Total non-interest revenue 404,010 409,336 Total non-interest expense (1,335,424) (1,157,506) Pre-provision net revenue (PPNR) 885,241 1,048,730 Net interest income 1,816,655 1,796,900 Taxable equivalent adjustment 4,621 3,927 TE net interest income 1,821,276 1,800,827 Total non-interest revenue 404,010 409,336 Total TE revenue 2,225,286 2,210,163 (Gain) on sale of GLOBALT (1,929) Recovery of NPA (13,126) Investment securities (gains) losses, net 76,718 Fair value adjustment on non-qualified deferred compensation (4,987) 4,054 Adjusted revenue 2,281,962 2,214,217 Total non-interest expense 1,335,424 1,157,506 (Loss) gain on early extinguishment of debt 5,400 (677) Loss on other loans held for sale (50,064) Restructuring (charges) reversals (17,707) 9,690 Valuation adjustment to Visa derivative (3,927) (6,000) Fair value adjustment on non-qualified deferred compensation (4,987) 4,054 Adjusted non-interest expense 1,264,139 1,164,573 Adjusted revenue 2,281,962 2,214,217 Adjusted non-interest expense (1,264,139) (1,164,573) Adjusted PPNR 1,017,823 1,049,644 
 60 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market Risk and Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 Market risk reflects the risk of economic loss resulting from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. This risk of loss can be reflected in either diminished market values within the balance sheet or reduced current and potential net income. Synovus most significant market risk is interest rate risk. This risk arises primarily from Synovus core banking activities of extending loans and accepting deposits. 
 Managing interest rate risk is a primary goal of the asset liability management function. Synovus attempts to achieve consistency in net interest income while limiting volatility arising from changes in interest rates. Synovus seeks to accomplish this goal by balancing the maturity and repricing characteristics of assets and liabilities along with the selective use of derivative instruments. The Company manages this exposure in accordance with policies that are established by ALCO and approved by the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. ALCO meets periodically and has responsibility for developing asset liability management policies, reviewing the interest rate sensitivity of Synovus, and developing and implementing strategies to improve balance sheet structure and interest rate risk positioning. 
 Interest rate risk is the primary market risk to which Synovus is potentially exposed. Synovus measures the sensitivity of net interest income to changes in market interest rates through the use of simulation modeling, which incorporates all of Synovus' earnings assets and liabilities. These simulations are used to determine a baseline net interest income projection and the sensitivity of the income profile based on changes in interest rates. These simulations incorporate assumptions and factors, including, but not limited to, changes in market rates, in the size or composition of the balance sheet, and in repricing characteristics as well as client behaviors for both loans and deposits. This includes estimates for deposit repricing characteristics which, for purposes of the sensitivity estimates provided below, relies upon a constant, through-the-cycle total deposit cost beta of approximately 40 -45 as of the most recently reported period. The simulation modeling process is performed in a manner consistent with Synovus policies and procedures with results reviewed on an on-going basis by ALCO and the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 Within this framework, Synovus has modeled its baseline net interest income forecast assuming a relatively flat interest rate environment with the federal funds rate at the Federal Reserve's current targeted range of 5.25 to 5.50 as of December 31, 2023 and the current prime rate of 8.50 as of December 31, 2023. Synovus has modeled the impact of an immediate change in market interest rates across the yield curve of 100 and 200 bps to determine the sensitivity of net interest income for the next twelve months. As illustrated in the table below, the net interest income sensitivity derived from this simulation suggests that net interest income is projected to increase by 3.7 and 1.9 if interest rates increased by 200 and 100 bps, respectively. Net interest income is projected to decrease by 2.0 and 4.1 if interest rates decreased by 100 and 200 bps, respectively. 
 The following table represents the estimated sensitivity of net interest income at December 31, 2023, with comparable information for December 31, 2022. 
 Table 24 - Twelve Month Net Interest Income Sensitivity Change in Interest Rates (in bps) Estimated Change in Net Interest Income As of December 31, 2023 2022 +200 3.7 6.4 +100 1.9 3.1 -100 (2.0) (3.5) -200 (4.1) (7.5) 
 While all of the above estimates are reflective of the general interest rate sensitivity of Synovus, local market conditions, the realized growth and remixing of the balance sheet, as well as the broader macroeconomic environment could all have a significant impact on the both the sensitivity and realized level of net interest income. Additionally, should there be differences between realized deposit betas for a given level of rates as compared to the Company's estimates for through-the-cycle betas, this may also have a significant impact on our reported sensitivity and the realized level of net interest income. 
 The net interest income simulation model is the primary tool utilized to evaluate potential interest rate risks over a shorter-term time horizon. Synovus also evaluates potential longer-term interest rate risk through modeling and evaluation of the sensitivity of the Company's EVE. The EVE measurement process estimates the net fair value of assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet financial instruments under various interest rate scenarios. Management uses EVE sensitivity analyses as an additional means of measuring interest rate and incorporates this form of analysis within its governance and limits framework. 
 Synovus is also subject to market risk in certain of its fee income business lines. Financial management services revenue, which include trust, brokerage, and asset management fees, can be affected by risk in the securities markets, primarily the 
 61 

equity securities market. A significant portion of the fees in this unit are determined based upon a percentage of asset values. Weaker securities markets and lower equity values have an adverse impact on the fees generated by these operations. Trading account assets, maintained to facilitate brokerage client activity, are also subject to market risk; however, trading activities are limited and subject to risk policy limits. Additionally, Synovus utilizes various tools to measure and manage price risk in its trading portfolio. 
 Mortgage banking income is also subject to market risk. Mortgage loan originations are sensitive to levels of mortgage interest rates and therefore, mortgage banking income can be negatively impacted during a period of rising interest rates as we have been experiencing through-the-cycle. The extension of commitments to clients to fund mortgage loans also subjects Synovus to market risk. This risk is primarily created by the time periods between making the commitment, closing, and delivering the loan. Synovus seeks to minimize its exposure by utilizing various risk management tools, including forward sales commitments and other economic hedges. 
 Derivative Instruments for Interest Rate Risk Management 
 Synovus utilizes derivative instruments to manage its exposure to various types of structural interest rate risks by executing end-user derivative transactions designated as hedges. Hedging relationships may be designated as either a cash flow hedge, which mitigates risk exposure to the variability of future cash flows or other forecasted transactions, or a fair value hedge, which mitigates risk exposure to adverse changes in the fair market value of a fixed rate asset or liability due to changes in market interest rates. 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, Synovus had 5.60 billion and 5.25 billion, respectively, in notional amounts outstanding of both effective and forward-starting interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedging instruments to hedge its exposure to contractually specified interest rate risk associated with floating rate loans. 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, Synovus had 2.56 billion and 2.23 billion, respectively, in notional amounts outstanding of receive-fixed, pay-variable interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedging instruments to hedge its exposure to the change in the fair value due to fluctuations in market interest rates for outstanding fixed-rate long-term debt and interest-bearing deposits. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 62 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Synovus Financial Corp.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Synovus Financial Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 23, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Assessment of the allowance for loan losses for loans held for investment evaluated on a collective basis 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for loan losses was 479.4 million as of December 31, 2023, a substantial portion of which relates to loans held for investment evaluated on a collective basis (the collective allowance). The Company estimated the December 31, 2023 collective allowance on a collective (pool) basis for loans grouped with similar risk characteristics based upon the nature of the loan type. The Company estimated the 2023 collective allowance using a discounted cash flow model for each loan group over the contractual term of the loan, adjusted for expected prepayments and curtailments where appropriate. Such model applies the forecasted PD, which is the probability that a borrower will default, adjusted for relevant macroeconomic factors, comprising multiple weighted scenarios representing different plausible outcomes, and LGD, which is the estimate of the amount of net loss in the event of default to the estimated cash flows. To the extent the estimated lives of the loans in the portfolio extend beyond the reasonable and supportable forecast of two years, the Company reverts on a straight-line basis back to the historical loss rates over a one-year period. The resulting life-of-loan loss estimate may be adjusted for certain quantitative and qualitative factors to address uncertainty and limitations in the quantitative model. 
 We identified the assessment of the December 31, 2023 collective allowance as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment. Specifically, the assessment encompassed the evaluation of the collective allowance methodology, including the methods and model used to estimate the inputs to the discounted cash flow model including the forecasted PD, portfolio 
 63 

segmentation, the selection of the macroeconomic forecasts and the weighting of each, the selection of macroeconomic factors, the reasonable and supportable forecast period, reversion methodology, and the historical observation period. The assessment also included an evaluation of the significant assumption that quantitative adjustments are necessary to address uncertainty and limitations in the quantitative model. The assessment also included an evaluation of the conceptual soundness and performance of the forecasted PD model. In addition, auditor judgment was required to evaluate the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the measurement of the 2023 collective allowance estimate, including controls over the: 
 development of the 2023 collective allowance methodology 
 continued use and appropriateness of changes to the forecasted PD model 
 identification and determination of the significant assumptions used in the forecasted PD model, portfolio segmentation, the selection of the macroeconomic forecasts and the weighting of each, the selection of the macroeconomic factors, the reasonable and supportable forecast period, reversion methodology, and the historical observation period 
 continued use and appropriateness of changes to the quantitative adjustments necessary to address uncertainty and limitations in the quantitative model 
 conceptual soundness and performance of the forecasted PD model 
 analysis of 2023 collective allowance results, trends, and ratios. 
 We evaluated the Company s process to develop the 2023 collective allowance estimate by testing certain sources of data, factors, and assumptions that the Company used, and considered the relevance and reliability of such data, factors, and assumptions. We also involved credit risk professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in: 
 evaluating the Company s 2023 collective allowance methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
 evaluating assumptions made by the Company relative to the selection of the macroeconomic forecasts, including the appropriateness of their weightings and selection of macroeconomic factors, and forecasted PD used in the discounted cash flow model by comparing them to relevant Company-specific metrics and trends and relevant industry practices 
 evaluating the length of the historical observation period, reasonable and supportable forecast period, and the reversion period by comparing to specific portfolio risk characteristics and trends 
 determining whether the loan portfolio is segmented by similar risk characteristics by comparing to the Company s business environment and relevant industry practices 
 assessing the conceptual soundness and performance of the forecasted PD model by inspecting the model documentation to determine whether the model is suitable for its intended use 
 evaluating the significant assumption that quantitative adjustments are necessary to address uncertainty and limitations in the quantitative model and the effect of the quantitative adjustments on the 2023 collective allowance compared with relevant credit risk factors, and consistency with credit trends. 
 We also assessed the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained related to the collective allowance by evaluating the: 
 cumulative results of the audit procedures 
 qualitative aspects of the Company s accounting practices 
 potential bias in the accounting estimates. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1975. 
 
 February 23, 2024 
 64 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Synovus Financial Corp.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Synovus Financial Corp. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 23, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 February 23, 2024 
 65 

Synovus Financial Corp. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, (in thousands, except share and per share data) 2023 2022 ASSETS Interest-earning deposits with banks and other cash and cash equivalents Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Investment securities available for sale, at fair value Loans held for sale (includes and , measured at fair value, respectively) 
 Loans, net of deferred fees and costs Allowance for loan losses ) ) Loans, net Cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance Premises, equipment and software, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Liabilities Deposits: Non-interest-bearing deposits Interest-bearing deposits Total deposits Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements Other short-term borrowings Long-term debt Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders Equity Preferred stock - no par value; authorized shares; issued 
 Common stock - par value; authorized shares; issued and , respectively; outstanding and , respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost; shares 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) Retained earnings Total Synovus Financial Corp. shareholders equity Noncontrolling interest in subsidiary Total equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 66 

Synovus Financial Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 
 2023 2022 2021 Interest income: Loans, including fees Investment securities available for sale Loans held for sale Federal Reserve Bank balances Other earning assets Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits Long-term debt Federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements, and other borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for (reversal of) credit losses ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Non-interest revenue: Service charges on deposit accounts Fiduciary and asset management fees Card fees Brokerage revenue Mortgage banking income Capital markets income Income from bank-owned life insurance Investment securities gains (losses), net ) ) Recovery of NPA Other non-interest revenue Total non-interest revenue Non-interest expense: Salaries and other personnel expense Net occupancy, equipment, and software expense Third-party processing and other services Professional fees FDIC insurance and other regulatory fees Restructuring charges (reversals) ) Loss on other loans held for sale Other operating expense Total non-interest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Net income attributable to Synovus Financial Corp. Less: Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common shareholders Net income per common share, basic Net income per common share, diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic Weighted average common shares outstanding, diluted 
 See accompanying notes to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
 67 

Synovus Financial Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands) 
 Before-tax Amount Income Tax Net of Tax Amount Before-tax Amount Income Tax Net of Tax Amount Before-tax Amount Income Tax Net of Tax Amount Net income 
 ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities available for sale: 
 Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period 
 ) ) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for realized (gains) losses included in net income 
 ) ) Net change ) ) ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges: 
 Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for realized (gains) losses included in net income 
 ) ) ) ) Net change 
 ) ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Less: comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Synovus Financial Corp. ) 
 See accompanying notes to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

Synovus Financial Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
 Synovus Financial Corp. Shareholders' Equity 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock AOCI Retained Earnings Noncontrolling Interest Total Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock - per share 
 ) ) Cash dividends declared on preferred stock (1) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock including costs to repurchase ) ) Issuance of common stock for earnout payment Restricted share unit vesting and taxes paid related to net share settlement ) ) ) Stock options exercised, net Warrants exercised with net settlement and common stock reissued ) ) Share-based compensation expense Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock - per share 
 ) ) Cash dividends declared on preferred stock (1) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock including costs to repurchase ) ) Restricted share unit vesting and taxes paid related to net share settlement ) ) ) Stock options exercised, net Share-based compensation expense Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Cumulative-effect of change in accounting principle for ASU 2023-02 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes Cash dividends declared on common stock - per share 
 ) ) Cash dividends declared on preferred stock (2) 
 ) ) Restricted share unit vesting and taxes paid related to net share settlement ) ) ) Stock options exercised, net Share-based compensation expense Acquisition of noncontrolling interest Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) 
 and for Series D and Series E Preferred Stock, respectively. 
 (2) For the year ended December 31, 2023, dividends per share were and for Series D and Series E Preferred Stock, respectively. 
 
 See accompanying notes to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
 69 

Synovus Financial Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for (reversal of) credit losses ) Depreciation, amortization, and accretion, net Deferred income tax expense (benefit) Originations of loans held for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Gain on sales of loans held for sale, net ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) Investment securities (gains) losses, net Share-based compensation expense Loss on sales of loans Other ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Investing Activities Net cash received (paid) for business combination and divestiture Proceeds from maturities and principal collections of investment securities available for sale Proceeds from sales of investment securities available for sale Purchases of investment securities available for sale ) ) ) Net proceeds from sales of loans Purchases of loans ) ) ) Net (increase) decrease in loans ) ) Net (purchases) redemptions of Federal Reserve Bank stock ) ) Net (purchases) redemptions of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) ) Net (purchases) proceeds from settlement of bank-owned life insurance policies Net increase in premises, equipment and software ) ) ) Other Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing Activities Net increase (decrease) in deposits ) Net increase (decrease) in federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements ) Net increase (decrease) in other short-term borrowings ) ) Repayments and redemption of long-term debt ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt, net Dividends paid to common shareholders ) ) ) Dividends paid to preferred shareholders ) ) ) Issuances, net of taxes paid, under equity compensation plans ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Other ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents including restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of year Supplemental Disclosures: Income taxes paid Interest paid Non-cash Activities: Settlement of acquired debt 
 See accompanying notes to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
 70 

Refer to "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies" of this Report for additional details regarding Synovus' involvement with VIEs. 
 Acquisition 
 Qualpay 
 On June 1, 2023, Synovus acquired a equity interest in Qualpay, a provider of a cloud-based platform that combines a payment gateway with merchant processing solutions, allowing merchants and independent software vendors to integrate payments into their software or websites. As part of this acquisition, Synovus acquired of the seats on Qualpay's Board of Directors. 
 Under the terms of the agreement, Synovus acquired a controlling interest in Qualpay in exchange for million in cash and the settlement of Qualpay's debt to Synovus of million. Synovus accounted for the transaction as a business combination and recorded the assets acquired, which primarily consisted of intangible assets and goodwill, liabilities assumed, noncontrolling interest, and consideration exchanged, at their preliminary estimated fair values on the acquisition date. Refer to "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 5 - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets and Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies" in this Report for additional information on Qualpay. The transaction was not material to the consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 71 

Cash and cash equivalents included restricted cash of million at December 31, 2023 and million at December 31, 2022, which were pledged to collateralize certain derivative instruments and letters of credit. 
 72 

). 
 Financial Difficulty Modifications 
 As described below in "Recent Accounting Pronouncements", Synovus adopted ASU 2022-02, effective January 1, 2023 on a prospective basis, which eliminated the recognition and measurement of troubled debt restructurings. In accordance with ASU 2022-02, when borrowers are experiencing financial difficulty, Synovus may make certain loan modifications as part of its loss mitigation strategies to maximize expected payment. All loan modifications, renewals, and refinancings where borrowers are experiencing financial difficulty are evaluated for FDM classification. To be classified as an FDM, the modifications must be in the form of providing an interest rate reduction relative to the current interest rate, principal forgiveness, or an other-than-insignificant payment delay or extension of the maturity of the loan. An FDM is tracked for twelve months following the modification(s) granted. The effect of these modifications is already included in the ACL because our use of a DCF model captures loan level changes including modified terms as part of the estimation process. 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 Prior to the adoption of ASU 2022-02, when borrowers were experiencing financial difficulties, Synovus would, in order to assist the borrowers in repaying the principal and interest owed to Synovus, make certain modifications to the borrower's loan. All loan modifications, renewals, and refinances were evaluated for TDR classification. The ALL on a TDR was measured using the same method as all other loans held for investment, except that the original interest rate, and not the rate specified with the restructuring, was used to discount the expected cash flows. Concessions provided by Synovus in a TDR were generally made in order to assist borrowers so that debt service was not interrupted and to mitigate the potential for loan losses. A number of factors were reviewed when a loan was renewed, refinanced, or modified, including cash flows, collateral values, guarantees, and loan structures. Concessions were primarily in the form of providing a below market interest rate given the borrower's credit risk to assist the borrower in managing cash flows, an extension of the maturity of the loan generally for less than , or a period of time generally less than with a reduction of required principal and/or interest payments (e.g., interest only for a period of time). Insignificant delays of principal and/or interest payments, or short-term deferrals, were generally not considered to be financial concessions. Further, it was generally Synovus' practice not to defer principal and/or interest for more than . 
 Non-accruing TDRs would generally be returned to accrual status if there had been a period of performance, usually at least a sustained period of repayment performance in accordance with the agreement. In the fiscal year subsequent to a loan's initial reporting as a TDR, a TDR for a borrower who was no longer experiencing financial difficulty (as evidenced by a period of performance), which yields a market rate of interest at the time of a renewal, and for which no principal was forgiven, was no longer considered a TDR. 
 73 

for Synovus), the Company reverts, on a straight-line basis back to the historical rates over a period. 
 Life-of-loan loss percentages may also be adjusted, as necessary, for certain quantitative and qualitative factors that in management's judgment are necessary to reflect losses expected in the portfolio. These adjustments address model risk, including economic forecast limitations, loan maturity extensions, portfolio composition and concentrations, among others. 
 The above reflects the ALL estimation process for most commercial and consumer sub-pools. In some cases, Synovus may apply other acceptable loss rate models to smaller sub-pools. 
 Loans that do not share risk characteristics are individually evaluated on a loan-by-loan basis with specific reserves, if any, recorded as appropriate. Specific reserves are determined based on two methods: discounted cash flow based upon the loan's contractual effective interest rate or at the fair value of the collateral, less costs to sell if the loan is collateral-dependent. 
 For individually evaluated loans, if the loan is collateral-dependent, then the fair value of the loan's collateral, less estimated selling costs, is compared to the loan's carrying amount to determine impairment. Fair value is generally estimated using appraisals performed by a certified or licensed appraiser. Management also considers other factors or recent developments, such as changes in absorption rates or market conditions at the time of valuation, selling costs and anticipated sales values, taking into account management's plans for disposition, which could result in adjustments to the fair value estimates indicated in the appraisals. The assumptions used in determining the amount of the impairment are subject to significant judgment. Use of different assumptions, for example, changes in the fair value of the collateral or management's plans for disposition could have a significant impact on the amount of impairment. 
 74 

75 

to years, while furniture, equipment, and software are depreciated and amortized over a range of to years. Synovus capitalizes certain costs associated with the acquisition or development of internal-use software. Once the software is ready for its intended use, these costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the software s expected useful life over a range of the lesser of contract terms or to years. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life or the remainder of the lease term. Synovus reviews long-lived assets, such as premises and equipment, for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Maintenance and repairs are charged to non-interest expense and improvements that extend the useful life of the asset are capitalized to the asset's carrying value and depreciated. 
 utilizing an accelerated method. The remaining intangible assets are amortized using straight line methods based on the remaining lives of the assets with amortization periods ranging from five to . Amortization periods for intangible assets are monitored to determine if events and circumstances require such periods to be reduced. 

76 

. Restricted share units are primarily equity-based but certain specific grants may be cash settled as well. When cash settled awards are granted, they are classified as a liability and revalued quarterly. Performance share units are granted with a defined target level and are compared to required market and performance metrics to determine 
 77 

78 

79 

million and million, respectively, in other non-interest expense. Management believes that the estimate of Synovus' exposure to the Visa indemnification including fees associated with the Visa derivative is adequate based on current information, including Visa's 
 80 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, Synovus recognized tax credits and other tax benefits of million and amortization expense of million from LIHTC, HTC, 
 81 

million and amortization expense of million from LIHTC and HTC tax credit investments in income tax expense. During the year ended December 31, 2021 Synovus recognized tax credits and other benefits of million and amortization expense of million from LIHTC tax credit investments in income tax expense. The effect of non-income-tax related items from investments accounted for using the proportional amortization method were immaterial to the financial statements in each period. 
 thousand at adoption to decrease the beginning balance of retained earnings as of January 1, 2023, for the difference between the previous method used to account for the tax equity investment and the application of the proportional amortization method since the investment was entered into. 
 Standard Description Required date of adoption Effect on Company's financial statements or other significant matters Standards Issued But Not Yet Adopted in 2023 ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280) Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07 to improve segment reporting disclosures. The amendments in this ASU improve financial reporting by requiring disclosure of incremental segment information including significant segment expenses regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker as well as the amount and composition of other segment items on an annual and interim basis for all public entities to enable investors to develop more decision-useful financial analyses. Retrospective application is required in all prior periods unless impracticable to do so. 
 January 1, 2024 The Company will adopt the new disclosure requirements for the annual period beginning on January 1, 2024 and interim periods beginning on January 1, 2025. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the incremental segment information that will be required to be disclosed as well as the impact to the Segment Reporting footnote. ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740) Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09 to enhance the transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures. The ASU addresses investor requests for more transparency about income tax information through improvements to income tax disclosures primarily related to the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid information. Retrospective application in all prior periods is permitted. January 1, 2025 The Company will adopt the new disclosures for the annual periods beginning on January 1, 2025. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the incremental income taxes information that will be required to be disclosed as well as the impact to the Income Taxes footnote. 
 82 

U.S. Government agency securities ) Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies ) Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government sponsored enterprises ) Collateralized mortgage obligations issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) Corporate debt securities and other debt securities ) Total investment securities available for sale (1) 
 ) December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value U.S. Treasury securities ) U.S. Government agency securities ) Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies ) Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government sponsored enterprises ) Collateralized mortgage obligations issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) Corporate debt securities and other debt securities ) Total investment securities available for sale (1) 
 ) 
 (1) The amounts reported exclude accrued interest receivable on investment securities available for sale of million and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which is presented as a component of other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 6 - Other Assets" in this Report for more information on other assets. 
 At December 31, 2023 and 2022, investment securities with a carrying value of billion and billion, respectively, were pledged to secure certain deposits and other liabilities, as required by law or contractual agreements. 
 83 

) ) Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Corporate debt securities and other debt securities ) ) Total ) ) ) December 31, 2022 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total (in thousands) Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses U.S. Treasury securities ) ) ) U.S. Government agency securities ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Corporate debt securities and other debt securities ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2023, Synovus had investment securities in a loss position for less than twelve months and investment securities in a loss position for twelve months or longer. As of December 31, 2023, Synovus does not intend to sell investment securities in an unrealized loss position prior to the recovery of the unrealized loss, which may not be until maturity, and has the ability and intent to hold those securities for that period of time. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" of this Report for Synovus' policy for evaluating impairment on its investment securities available for sale portfolio. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2023, as part of an overall strategic repositioning of the investment securities portfolio, Synovus sold at amortized cost billion of U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. Government agency securities, MBS issued by U.S. Government agencies, MBS issued by U.S. Government sponsored enterprises, and Commercial MBS issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises, which resulted in realized net losses of million. Additionally, Synovus purchased billion in principal of U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. Government agency securities, MBS issued by U.S. Government agencies, MBS issued by U.S. Government sponsored enterprises, and Commercial MBS issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises. 
 84 

ACL was established for investment securities. Substantially all of the unrealized losses on the securities portfolio were the result of changes in market interest rates compared to the date the securities were acquired rather than the credit quality of the issuers or underlying loans. U.S. Treasury and agency securities and agency mortgage-backed securities are issued, guaranteed or otherwise supported by the United States government, an agency of the United States government, or a government sponsored enterprise. 
 U.S. Government agency securities Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government sponsored enterprises Collateralized mortgage obligations issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises Commercial mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises Corporate debt securities and other debt securities Total amortized cost Fair Value U.S. Treasury securities U.S. Government agency securities Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government sponsored enterprises Collateralized mortgage obligations issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises Commercial mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises Corporate debt securities and other debt securities Total fair value 
 Gross realized losses on sales ) ) Investment securities gains (losses), net ) ) 
 85 

Owner-occupied Total commercial and industrial Investment properties 1-4 family properties Land and development Total commercial real estate Consumer mortgages Home equity Credit cards Other consumer loans Total consumer Loans, net of deferred fees and costs (1) 
 
 December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Current Accruing 30-89 Days Past Due Accruing 90 Days or Greater Past Due Total Accruing Past Due Non-accrual with an ALL Non-accrual without an ALL Total Commercial, financial, and agricultural Owner-occupied Total commercial and industrial Investment properties 1-4 family properties Land and development Total commercial real estate Consumer mortgages Home equity Credit cards Other consumer loans Total consumer Loans, net of deferred fees and costs (1) 
 
 (1) The amortized cost basis of loans, net of deferred fees and costs excludes accrued interest receivable of million and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which is presented as a component of other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 6 - Other Assets" in this Report for more information on other assets. 
 Interest income on non-accrual loans outstanding that would have been recorded if the loans had been current and performing in accordance with their original terms wa s million and million durin g the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Of the interest income recognized during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, cash-basis interest income was million and million, respectively. 
 Pledged Loans 
 Loans with carrying values of billion and billion, respectively, were pledged as collateral for borrowings and capacity at December 31, 2023 and 2022 respectively, to the FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank. 
 86 

. Properties securing these loans are substantially within markets served by Synovus, and our preference is to obtain some level of recourse from project sponsors. Loans in this portfolio are underwritten based on the LTV of the collateral and the capacity of the guarantor(s). 
 Consumer Loans - The consumer loan portfolio consists of a wide variety of loan products offered through Synovus' banking network including first and second residential mortgages, home equity, and consumer credit card loans, as well as home improvement loans, student, and personal loans from third-party lending ("other consumer loans"). Together, consumer mortgages and home equity comprise the majority of Synovus' consumer loans and are secured by first and second liens on residential real estate primarily located in the markets served by Synovus. The primary source of repayment for all consumer loans is generally the personal income of the borrower(s). 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 The credit quality of the loan portfolio is reviewed and updated no less frequently than annually using the standard asset classification system utilized by the federal banking agencies. These classifications are divided into three groups: Not Criticized (Pass), Special Mention, and Classified or Adverse rating (Substandard, Doubtful, and Loss) and are defined as follows: 
 Pass - loans which are well protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor (or guarantors, if any) or by the fair value, less cost to acquire and sell in a timely manner, of any underlying collateral. 
 Special Mention - loans which have potential weaknesses that deserve management's close attention. These loans are not adversely classified and do not expose an institution to sufficient risk to warrant an adverse classification. 
 Substandard - loans which are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or by the collateral pledged, if any. Loans with this classification are characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 Doubtful - loans which have all the weaknesses inherent in loans classified as Substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full highly questionable and improbable on the basis of currently known facts, conditions, and values. 
 Loss - loans which are considered by management to be uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance on the institution's books as an asset, without establishment of a specific valuation allowance or charge-off, is not warranted. Synovus fully reserves for any loans rated as Loss. 
 In the following tables, consumer loans are generally assigned a risk grade similar to the classifications described above; however, upon reaching days and days past due, they are generally downgraded to Substandard and Loss, respectively, in accordance with the FFIEC Retail Credit Classification Policy. Additionally, in accordance with Interagency Supervisory Guidance, the risk grade classifications of consumer loans (consumer mortgages and home equity) secured by junior liens on 1-4 family residential properties also consider available information on the payment status of the associated senior liens with other financial institutions. 
 87 

Special Mention Substandard Loss Total commercial, financial, and agricultural Current YTD Period: Gross charge-offs Owner-occupied Pass Special Mention Substandard Total owner-occupied Current YTD Period: Gross charge-offs Total commercial and industrial Current YTD Period: Gross charge-offs Investment properties Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total investment properties Current YTD Period: Gross charge-offs (1) 
 1-4 family properties Pass Special Mention Substandard Total 1-4 family properties Current YTD Period: Gross charge-offs 
 88 

Special Mention Substandard Total land and development Current YTD Period: Gross charge-offs Total commercial real estate Current YTD Period: Gross charge-offs Consumer mortgages Pass Substandard Loss Total consumer mortgages Current YTD Period: Gross charge-offs Home equity Pass Substandard Loss Total home equity Current YTD Period: Gross charge-offs Credit cards Pass Substandard Loss Total credit cards Current YTD Period: Gross charge-offs Other consumer loans Pass Substandard Total other consumer loans Current YTD Period: Gross charge-offs (1) 
 Total consumer Current YTD Period: Gross charge-offs Loans, net of deferred fees and costs Current YTD Period: Gross charge-offs 
 (1) Includes million in gross charge-offs related to the transfer of certain loans to held for sale that sold during 2023. 

89 

Special Mention Substandard Loss Total commercial, financial, and agricultural Owner-occupied Pass Special Mention Substandard Loss Total owner-occupied Total commercial and industrial Investment properties Pass Special Mention Substandard Total investment properties 1-4 family properties Pass Special Mention Substandard Total 1-4 family properties Land and development Pass Special Mention Substandard Total land and development Total commercial real estate 
 90 

Substandard Loss Total consumer mortgages Home equity Pass Substandard Loss Total home equity Credit cards Pass Substandard Loss Total credit cards Other consumer loans Pass Substandard Loss Total other consumer loans Total consumer Loan, net of deferred fees and costs 
 Collateral-Dependent Loans 
 We classify a loan as collateral-dependent when our borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, and we expect repayment to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of collateral. Our commercial loans have collateral that is comprised of real estate and business assets. Our consumer loans have collateral that is substantially comprised of residential real estate. 
 There were no significant changes in the extent to which collateral secures our collateral-dependent loans during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Rollforward of Allowance for Loan Losses 
 million in previously established reserves for credit losses associated with the transfer of billion in loans to held for sale for the sales of medical office building loans and third-party consumer loans that both closed in 2023. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , Synovus had no significant transfers to loans held for sale. 
 As of and For The Year Ended December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Commercial Industrial Commercial Real Estate Consumer Total Allowance for loan losses: Beginning balance at December 31, 2022 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision for (reversal of) loan losses Ending balance at December 31, 2023 
 91 

Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision for (reversal of) loan losses Ending balance at December 31, 2022 As of and For The Year Ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Commercial Industrial Commercial Real Estate Consumer Total Allowance for loan losses: Beginning balance at December 31, 2020 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision for (reversal of) loan losses ) ) ) Ending balance at December 31, 2021 
 The ALL of million and the reserve for unfunded commitments of million, which is recorded in other liabilities, comprise the total ACL of million at December 31, 2023. The ACL increased million compared to the December 31, 2022 ACL of million , which consisted of an ALL of million and the reserve for unfunded commitments of million. The ACL to loans coverage ratio of at December 31, 2023 was bps higher compared to December 31, 2022. The increase in the ACL from December 31, 2022 resulted primarily from downward risk grade migration, an increase in reserves on individually evaluated loans, and the continuation of an uncertain economic environment. 
 The ACL is estimated using a reasonable and supportable forecast period. To the extent the lives of the loans in the portfolio extend beyond the period for which a reasonable and supportable forecast can be made, the Company reverts on a straight-line basis back to the historical rates over a period. Synovus utilizes multiple economic forecast scenarios sourced from a reputable third-party provider that are probability-weighted internally. The current scenarios include a consensus baseline forecast, an upside scenario reflecting an accelerated recovery, a downside scenario that reflects adverse economic conditions, and an additional adverse scenario that assumes consistent slow growth that is less optimistic than the baseline. At December 31, 2023, the unemployment rate is the input that most significantly impacts our estimate. The multi-scenario forecast used in our estimate includes a weighted average unemployment rate of over the forecast period at December 31, 2023. 
 92 

Owner-occupied Total commercial and industrial Investment properties 1-4 family properties Land and development Total commercial real estate Consumer mortgages Home equity Credit cards Other consumer loans Total consumer Total FDMs 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023 , there were no material FDMs that subsequently defaulted. Defaults are defined as the earlier of the FDM being placed on non-accrual status or reaching 90 days past due with respect to principal and/or interest payments. As of December 31, 2023, there were no commitments to lend a material amount of additional funds to any borrower whose loan was classified as a FDM. 
 Owner-occupied Investment properties 1-4 family properties Land and development Consumer mortgages Home equity Other consumer loans 
 93 

Owner-occupied Total commercial and industrial Investment properties 1-4 family properties Land and development Total commercial real estate Consumer mortgages Home equity Credit cards Other consumer loans Total consumer Total FDMs 
 (1) Loans were on non-accrual when modified and subsequently classified as FDMs. 
 TDR Disclosures Prior to Adoption of ASU 2022-02 
 Prior to the adoption of ASU 2022-02, Synovus accounted for a modification to the contractual terms of a loan that resulted in granting concessions to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties as a TDR. The following tables present, by concession type, the post-modification balance for loans modified or renewed during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 that were reported as accruing or non-accruing TDRs. 
 Owner-occupied Total commercial and industrial Investment properties 1-4 family properties Land and development Total commercial real estate Consumer mortgages Home equity Other consumer loans Total consumer Loans, net of deferred fees and costs (2) 
 94 

Owner-occupied Total commercial and industrial Investment properties 1-4 family properties Land and development Total commercial real estate Consumer mortgages Home equity Other consumer loans Total consumer Loans, net of deferred fees and costs (3) 
 (1) Other concessions generally include term extensions, interest only payments for a period of time, or principal forgiveness, but there was principal forgiveness for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (2) charge-offs were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 upon restructuring of these loans. 
 charge-offs were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021 upon restructuring of these loans. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were defaults with a recorded investment of million and defaults with a recorded investment of thousand, respectively, on accruing TDRs restructured during the previous twelve months (defaults are defined as the earlier of the TDR being placed on non-accrual status or reaching 90 days past due with respect to principal and/or interest payments). As of December 31, 2022 there were commitments to lend a material amount of additional funds to any client s whose loans were classified as TDRs . 
 95 

Buildings and improvements Leasehold improvements Furniture, equipment and software Construction in progress Total premises, equipment and software Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Net premises, equipment and software 
 Net premises, equipment and software included thousand and million related to net finance leases at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 totaled million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 equity interest and a majority of the Board seats in Qualpay, which constituted a business combination. In connection with the acquisition, Synovus recorded million of goodwill and million of other intangible assets based on preliminary fair value estimates of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction. Synovus will continue to record any adjustments to the preliminary fair value estimates in the reporting period in which the adjustments are determined upon receipt of final fair value estimates during the measurement period, which must be within one year of the acquisition date. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in this Report for additional information on Qualpay. 
 During the third quarter of 2023, Synovus sold its GLOBALT asset management firm to its management team. The divestiture resulted in a reduction in goodwill of million and a gain on sale of million, representing the difference in the fair value of consideration received and assets sold, and no indicators of impairment were identified. 
 Change in goodwill from reallocation ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 Changes during the period from: Reallocation ) Acquisition Divestiture ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 Goodwill is evaluated for impairment on an annual basis or whenever an event occurs or circumstances change to indicate that it is more likely than not that an impairment loss has been incurred (i.e., a triggering event). As of October 1, 2023, 
 96 

utilizing an accelerated method. Intangible assets resulting from the Qualpay acquisition, which primarily include client relationships, partner relationships, and developed technology, are being amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives ranging from five to . Aggregate other intangible assets amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively, and is included in other operating expense on the consolidated statements of income. 
 (in thousands) Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Value December 31, 2023 CDI ) Client Relationships ) Partner Relationships ) Developed Technology ) Other ) Total other intangible assets ) December 31, 2022 CDI ) Client Relationships ) Partner Relationships Developed Technology Other ) Total other intangible assets ) 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 
 97 

Deferred tax assets ROU assets Accrued interest receivable Accounts receivable Federal Reserve Bank and FHLB Stock Derivative asset positions Mutual funds and mutual funds held in rabbi trusts Prepaid expense MPS receivable (1) 
 Trading securities, at fair value Other investments Miscellaneous other assets Total other assets 
 (1) See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies" in this Report for more information on the MPS receivable. 
 As a member of the Federal Reserve System, Synovus is currently required to purchase and hold shares of capital stock in the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta (recorded at amortized cost, which approximates fair value, of million and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively) in an amount equal to the greater of of its capital and surplus or of deposits. As a member of the FHLB, Synovus is also required to purchase and hold shares of capital stock in the FHLB (recorded at amortized cost, which approximates fair value, of million and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively) in an amount equal to its membership base investment plus an activity-based investment determined according to the level of outstanding FHLB advances. 
 
 Money market accounts (1) 
 Savings accounts Time deposits (1) 
 Brokered deposits Total interest-bearing deposits 
 (1) Excluding brokered deposits 
 The aggregate amount of time deposits of 250,000 or more was billion at December 31, 2023 and billion at December 31, 2022. 
 98 

Between 1 - 2 years 2 - 3 years 3 - 4 years 4 - 5 years Thereafter Total 
 
 Securities sold short Total other short-term borrowings 
 The following table sets forth additional information on Synovus' other short-term borrowings for the years indicated. (dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 Total balance at December 31, Weighted average interest rate at December 31, Maximum month-end balance during the year Average amount outstanding during the year Weighted average interest rate during the year 
 99 

Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes issued February 7, 2019, due February 7, 2029, subject to redemption prior to February 7, 2029: million par value at issuance with semi-annual interest payments at for the first and semi-annual payments thereafter at a fixed rate of above the 5-Year Mid-Swap Rate as of the reset date 
 Senior Notes issued August 11, 2022, due August 11, 2025, subject to redemption on or after February 11, 2023, million par value at issuance with semi-annual interest payments in arrears and principal to be paid at maturity 
 SOFR + spread of junior subordinated debentures, due June 15, 2035, million par value at issuance with quarterly interest payments and principal to be paid at maturity (rate of at December 31, 2023 and at December 31, 2022) 
 Total long-term debt Parent Company Synovus Bank: Senior Bank Notes issued February 15, 2023, due February 15, 2028, subject to redemption on or after August 15, 2023, million par value at issuance with semi-annual interest payments in arrears and principal to be paid at maturity 
 Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Subordinated Bank Notes issued October 29, 2020, due October 29, 2030, million par value at issuance with semi-annual interest payments at for the first and semi-annual payments thereafter at a fixed rate of above the 5-Year U.S. Treasury Rate 
 FHLB advances with weighted average interest rate of at December 31, 2023 and at December 31, 2022 
 Total long-term debt Synovus Bank Total long-term debt 
 The provisions of the indentures governing Synovus long-term debt contain certain restrictions within specified limits on mergers, sales of all or substantially all of Synovus' assets and limitations on sales and issuances of voting stock of subsidiaries and Synovus ability to pay dividends on its capital stock if there is an event of default under the applicable indenture. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, Synovus and its subsidiaries were in compliance with the covenants in these agreements. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 100 

Warrants exercised and common stock reissued ) Common stock reissued for earnout payment ) Restricted share unit activity Stock options exercised Repurchase of common stock ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Restricted share unit activity Stock options exercised Repurchase of common stock ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Restricted share unit activity Stock options exercised Balance at December 31, 2023 
 Preferred Stock 
 million million June 21, 2023 per share 
 Series E July 1, 2019 million million July 1, 2024 per share 
 
 Dividends, as declared, on Series D Preferred Stock were paid quarterly at a rate per annum equal to for each dividend period from the original issue date to, but excluding, June 21, 2023. From and including June 21, 2023, the dividend rate was a floating rate equal to the three-month LIBOR plus a spread of per annum. Dividends declared beyond June 30, 2023 are determined based on the floating rate index terms as described in the issuance documentation. As calculation agent, Synovus uses three-month term SOFR plus a spread of per annum. 
 Dividends, as declared, on Series E Preferred Stock will be paid quarterly at a rate per annum equal to for each dividend period from the original issue date to, but excluding, July 1, 2024. From and including July 1, 2024, the dividend rate will change and reset every five years on July 1 at a rate equal to the five-year U.S. Treasury Rate plus per annum. 
 Dividends on all series of preferred stock are non-cumulative and, if declared, will accrue and be payable in arrears, quarterly. All series of preferred stock are redeemable at Synovus' option in whole or in part, from time to time, on the earliest redemption date or any subsequent reset date, or in whole but not in part, at any time within days following a regulatory capital treatment event, in each case, at a redemption price equal to per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. All series of preferred stock have no preemptive or conversion rights. Except in limited circumstances, all series of preferred stock do not have any voting rights. 
 Common Stock 
 Repurchases of Common Stock 
 During 2023, Synovus did not repurchase any common stock. The Company announced on January 18, 2024 that its Board of Directors authorized share repurchases of up to million of common stock and million of preferred stock in 2024. Subsequent to year-end, through February 20, 2024, Synovus repurchased million, or thousand shares, of common stock via open market transactions. 
 101 

million, or thousand shares, of common stock through open market transactions under the share repurchase program announced on January 20, 2022. 
 During 2021, Synovus repurchased million, or million shares, of common stock through open market transactions under the share repurchase program announced on January 26, 2021. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) 
 (1) For December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the ending balance in net unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities available for sale and cash flow hedges includes unrealized losses of million and million, respectively, related to residual tax effects remaining in OCI due to previously established deferred tax asset valuation allowances in 2010 and 2011. For December 31, 2023 the ending balance in net unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities available for sale and cash flow hedges includes unrealized losses of million and million, respectively, related to residual tax effects remaining in OCI primarily due to previously established deferred tax asset valuation allowances in 2010 and 2011 and state rate changes. In accordance with ASC 740-20-45-11(b), under the portfolio approach, these unrealized losses are realized at the time the entire portfolio is sold or disposed. 
 
 that is added on top of each of the minimum risk-based capital ratios in order to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonuses. Based on internal capital analyses and earnings projections, Synovus' and Synovus Bank s capital positions are each adequate to meet regulatory minimum capital requirements inclusive of the capital conservation buffer. 
 Synovus Bank is also required to maintain certain capital levels, and not be subject to any written agreement, order, capital directive, or prompt corrective action directive requiring it to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure, in order to be considered a well-capitalized institution as defined by federal prompt corrective action banking regulations. 
 102 

N/A N/A Tier 1 risk-based capital N/A N/A Total risk-based capital N/A N/A CET1 capital ratio N/A N/A Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio N/A N/A Total risk-based capital ratio N/A N/A Leverage ratio N/A N/A Synovus Bank CET1 capital Tier 1 risk-based capital Total risk-based capital CET1 capital ratio Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio Total risk-based capital ratio Leverage ratio 
 (1) The additional capital conservation buffer in effect is . 
 (2) The prompt corrective action provisions are applicable at the bank level only. 

Weighted average common shares outstanding Net income per common share, basic Diluted Net Income Per Common Share: Net income available to common shareholders Weighted average common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive outstanding equity-based awards, warrants, and earnout payments Weighted average diluted common shares Net income per common share, diluted 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, there were thousand of potentially dilutive shares related to stock options to purchase shares of common stock that were outstanding but were not included in the computation of diluted net income per common share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. For both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were thousand of potentially dilutive shares related to stock options to purchase shares of common stock that were outstanding but were not included in the computation of diluted net income per common share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 103 

Other mortgage-backed securities State and municipal securities Asset-backed securities Total trading securities Investment securities available for sale: U.S. Treasury securities U.S. Government agency securities Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government sponsored enterprises Collateralized mortgage obligations issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises Commercial mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored enterprises Corporate debt securities and other debt securities Total investment securities available for sale Mortgage loans held for sale Other investments Mutual funds and mutual funds held in rabbi trusts Derivative assets Liabilities Securities sold short Mutual fund held in rabbi trusts Derivative liabilities (1) 
 (1) Excludes from Level 3 the Visa derivative of thousand and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in this Report for discussion of fair value accounting related to this in the Derivative Instruments section. 
 Fair Value Option 
 Synovus has elected the fair value option for mortgage loans held for sale primarily to ease the operational burden required to maintain hedge accounting for these loans. Synovus is still able to achieve effective economic hedges on mortgage loans held for sale without the time and expense needed to manage a hedge accounting program. 
 104 

) ) Mortgage loans held for sale: Fair value Unpaid principal balance Fair value less aggregate unpaid principal balance 
 Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
 Total gains (losses) realized/unrealized: Included in earnings Additions Ending balance at December 31, 2023 Total net gains (losses) for the year included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains (losses) relating to assets still held at December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands) Other Investments Beginning balance at December 31, 2021 Total gains (losses) realized/unrealized: Included in earnings ) Additions Ending balance at December 31, 2022 Total net gains (losses) for the year included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains (losses) relating to assets still held at December 31, 2022 ) 
 N/A N/A 
 105 

Other assets held for sale 
 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 Location in Consolidated Statements of Income Loans (1) 
 Provision for credit losses Other assets held for sale Other operating expense 
 (1) Collateral-dependent loans that are written down to fair value of collateral. 
 - - 
 - - 
 Other assets held for sale Third-party appraised value, contractual sales price, or BOV, as warranted, less estimated selling costs Appraised value/contractual sales price Estimated selling costs N/A 
 - - 
 
 (1) The weighted average is the measure of central tendencies; it is not the value that management is using for the asset or liability. 
 106 

Trading securities Investment securities available for sale Loans held for sale Other investments Mutual funds and mutual funds held in rabbi trusts Loans, net (1) 
 FRB and FHLB stock Derivative assets Financial liabilities Non-interest-bearing deposits Non-time interest-bearing deposits Time deposits Total deposits (2) 
 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements Securities sold short Long-term debt Mutual fund held in rabbi trusts Derivative liabilities (3) 
 
 (1) Synovus estimates the fair value of loans based on present value of the future cash flows using the interest rate that would be charged for a similar loan to a borrower with similar risk, adjusted for a discount based on the estimated time period to complete a sale transaction with a market participant. 
 (2) The fair value of deposits with no stated maturity, such as non-interest-bearing demand, interest bearing demand, money market, and savings accounts reflects the carrying amount which is payable on demand, as of the respective date, and may not align with other valuation methods or processes. The fair value of time deposits is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows. The discount rate is estimated using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. 
 (3) Excludes from Level 3 the Visa derivative of thousand at December 31, 2023. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in this Report for discussion of fair value accounting related to this in the Derivative Instruments section. 
 107 

Trading securities Investment securities available for sale Loans held for sale Other investments Mutual funds and mutual funds held in rabbi trusts Loans, net (1) 
 FRB and FHLB stock Derivative assets Financial liabilities Non-interest-bearing deposits Non-time interest-bearing deposits Time deposits Total deposits (2) 
 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements Securities sold short Other short-term borrowings Long-term debt Mutual fund held in rabbi trusts Derivative liabilities (3) 
 
 (1) Synovus estimates the fair value of loans based on present value of the future cash flows using the interest rate that would be charged for a similar loan to a borrower with similar risk, adjusted for a discount based on the estimated time period to complete a sale transaction with a market participant. 
 (2) The fair value of deposits with no stated maturity, such as non-interest-bearing demand, interest bearing demand, money market, and savings accounts reflects the carrying amount which is payable on demand, as of the respective date, and may not align with other valuation methods or processes. The fair value of time deposits is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows. The discount rate is estimated using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. 
 (3) Excludes from Level 3 the Visa derivative of million at December 31, 2022. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in this Report for discussion of fair value accounting related to this in the Derivative Instruments section. 
 
 108 

unrealized gains (losses) during the year ended December 31, 2023 related to terminated cash flow hedges. Net unrealized gains (losses) of ) million, or ) million, after tax, in OCI were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 and million, or thousand, after-tax, in OCI, were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021, related to terminated cash flow hedges, which are being recognized into earnings in conjunction with the effective terms of the original swaps through the third quarter of 2026. Synovus recognized pre-tax income (loss) of ) million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, related to the amortization of terminated cash flow hedges. 
 As of December 31, 2023, Synovus expects to reclassify into earnings approximately million in pre-tax loss due to the receipt or payment of interest payments on all cash flow hedges within the next twelve months. Included in this amount is approximately million in pre-tax loss related to the amortization of terminated cash flow hedges. As of December 31, 2023, the maximum length of time over which Synovus is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows is through the first quarter of 2028. 
 Fair value hedging relationships mitigate exposure to the change in fair value of an asset or liability. Synovus has entered into receive-fixed, pay-variable interest rate swap contracts to hedge the change in the fair value due to fluctuations in market interest rates for outstanding fixed-rate long-term debt and fixed rate term interest-bearing deposits. The changes in fair value of the fair value hedges are recorded through earnings with an offset against changes in the fair value of the hedged item within interest expense in the consolidated statements of income. All components of each derivative instrument s gain (loss) are included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 
 Derivatives not designated as hedges include those that are entered into as either economic hedges to facilitate client needs or as part of Synovus' overall risk management strategy. Economic hedges are those that do not qualify to be treated as a fair value hedge or cash flow hedge for accounting purposes but are necessary to economically manage the risk exposure associated with the assets and liabilities of Synovus. For derivative instruments that are not designated as hedging instruments, changes in the fair value of the derivatives are recognized in earnings immediately. 
 Client Related Derivative Positions 
 Synovus enters into interest rate swap agreements to facilitate the risk management strategies of certain commercial banking clients. Synovus typically mitigates this risk largely by entering into equal and offsetting interest rate swap agreements with highly rated counterparties. The interest rate swap agreements are free-standing derivatives and are recorded at fair value in other assets or other liabilities on Synovus' consolidated balance sheets. The credit risk to these clients is evaluated and included in the calculation of fair value. Fair value changes including credit-related adjustments are recorded as a component of capital markets income. 
 Counterparty Credit Risk and Collateral 
 Entering into derivative contracts potentially exposes Synovus to the risk of counterparties failure to fulfill their legal obligations, including, but not limited to, potential amounts due or payable under each derivative contract. Notional principal amounts are often used to express the volume of these transactions, but the amounts potentially subject to credit risk are much smaller. Synovus assesses the credit risk of its dealer counterparties by regularly monitoring publicly available credit rating information, evaluating other market indicators, and periodically reviewing detailed financials. Dealer collateral requirements are determined via risk-based policies and procedures and in accordance with existing agreements. Synovus seeks to minimize dealer credit risk by dealing with highly rated counterparties and by obtaining collateral for exposures above certain predetermined limits. Management closely monitors credit conditions within the client swap portfolio, which management deems to be of higher risk than dealer counterparties. Collateral is secured at origination and credit-related fair value adjustments are recorded against the asset value of the derivative as deemed necessary based upon an analysis, which includes consideration of the current asset value of the swap, client risk rating, collateral value, and client standing with regards to its swap contractual obligations and other related matters. Such asset values fluctuate based upon changes in interest rates regardless of changes in notional amounts and changes in client specific risk. 
 109 

days. 
 Collateral Requirements 
 Certain derivative transactions have collateral requirements, both at the inception of the trade, and as the value of each derivative position changes. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, Synovus had recorded the right to reclaim cash collateral of million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, Synovus had recorded the obligation to return cash collateral of million and million, respectively. 
 For derivatives cleared through central clearing houses, the variation margin payments made are legally characterized as settlements of the derivatives. As a result, these variation margin payments are netted against the fair value of the respective derivative contracts on the consolidated balance sheets and related disclosures. 
 110 

Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivatives in fair value hedging relationships: Interest rate contracts Total fair value hedges Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated: as hedging instruments Interest rate contracts Mortgage derivatives - interest rate lock commitments Mortgage derivatives - forward commitments to sell fixed-rate mortgage loans Risk participation agreements Foreign exchange contracts Visa derivative Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 
 111 

Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships: (1) 
 Interest rate contracts: Realized gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI, pre-tax, to interest income on loans ) Pre-tax income (loss) recognized on cash flow hedges ) Gain (loss) on fair value hedging relationships: Amounts related to interest settlements and amortization on derivatives ) ) Recognized on derivatives Recognized on hedged items ) ) Pre-tax income (loss) recognized on fair value hedges ) ) 
 2022 Interest Income Interest Expense (in thousands) Loans, including fees Deposits Long-term debt Total interest income/expense amounts presented in the consolidated statements of income Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships: (1) 
 Interest rate contracts: Realized gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI, pre-tax, to interest income on loans ) Pre-tax income (loss) recognized on cash flow hedges ) Gain (loss) on fair value hedging relationships: Amounts related to interest settlements and amortization on derivatives ) Recognized on derivatives ) ) Recognized on hedged items Pre-tax income (loss) recognized on fair value hedges ) 2021 Interest Income Interest Expense (in thousands) Loans, including fees Deposits Long-term debt Total interest income/expense amounts presented in the consolidated statements of income Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships: (1) 
 Interest rate contracts: Realized gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI, pre-tax, to interest income on loans Pre-tax income (loss) recognized on cash flow hedges 
 (1) See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 9 - Shareholders' Equity and Other Comprehensive Income" in this Report for additional information. 
 112 

) ) Long-term debt ) ) ) 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, Synovus terminated fair value hedges related to interest-bearing deposits and long-term debt with carrying values of million and million, respectively. The remaining fair value basis adjustments on the terminated hedging relationships will be amortized into interest expense over the respective remaining terms. 
 Mortgage derivatives - interest rate lock commitments Mortgage banking income ) ) Mortgage derivatives - forward commitments to sell fixed-rate mortgage loans Mortgage banking income ) Risk participation agreements Capital markets income Foreign exchange contracts Capital markets income ) ) Visa derivative Other non-interest expense ) ) ) Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments ) ) ) 

million, compared to a reserve of million at December 31, 2022. Additionally, an immaterial amount of unearned fees relating to letters of credit are recorded within other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 113 

Commitments to fund commercial and industrial loans Commitments to fund commercial real estate, construction, and land development loans Commitments under home equity lines of credit Unused credit card lines Other loan commitments Total letters of credit and unfunded lending commitments Tax credits, CRA partnerships, and other investments with a future funding commitment: 
 Carrying amount included in other assets Amount of future funding commitments Permanent and short-term construction loans and letter of credit commitments (2) 
 Funded portion of permanent and short-term loans and letters of credit (3) 
 
 (1) Represent the contractual amount net of risk participations purchased of approximately million and million at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 (2) Represent the contractual amount net of risk participations of million and million at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 
 (3) Represent the contractual amount net of risk participations of million and million at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 Merchant Services 
 In accordance with credit and debit card association rules, Synovus provides merchant processing services for clients with a contractual arrangement under which certain sales and processing support are provided through an outside merchant services provider with Synovus owning the merchant contract relationship. In addition, Synovus sponsors various third-party MPS businesses that process credit and debit card transactions on behalf of merchants. In connection with these services, a liability may arise in the event of a billing dispute between the merchant and a cardholder that is ultimately resolved in the cardholder's favor. If the merchant defaults on its obligations, the cardholder, through its issuing bank, generally has until six months after the date of the transaction to present a chargeback to the MPS, which is primarily liable for any losses on covered transactions. However, if a sponsored MPS fails to meet its obligations, then Synovus, as the sponsor, could be held liable for the disputed amount. Synovus seeks to mitigate this risk through its contractual arrangements with the MPS and the merchants by withholding future settlements, retaining cash reserve accounts and/or obtaining other security. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, Synovus and the sponsored entities processed and settled billion and billion of transactions, respectively. 
 Beginning in August of 2023, one sponsored MPS experienced an unusual spike in chargebacks due to the bankruptcy of one of its merchants. Synovus agreed to advance funds to the MPS to cover chargebacks relating to this sponsored merchant, mitigating the additional risk contractually with an enhanced security interest in certain assets. As of December 31, 2023, Synovus had advanced million to this MPS to cover these chargebacks but was fully repaid subsequent to December 31, 2023. 
 Synovus previously covered chargebacks for Qualpay when their cash reserve account was unavailable to support them. The remaining amount, net of reserves, included in other assets and classified in NPAs, was million as of December 31, 2022. During the first quarter of 2023, Synovus received regulatory approval for the previously announced proposed strategic investment in Qualpay. Upon regulatory approval, Synovus wrote up the balance to the contractual amount due of million by reversing a prior impairment charge of million through non-interest expense and recognizing a recovery of million in non-interest revenue. On June 1, 2023, the Qualpay acquisition closed, and the contractual amount due was settled. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in this Report for additional discussion on Qualpay. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 Synovus and its subsidiaries are subject to various legal proceedings, claims, and disputes that arise in the ordinary course of its business. Additionally, in the ordinary course of business, Synovus and its subsidiaries are subject to regulatory and governmental examinations, information gathering requests, inquiries, and investigations. Synovus, like many other financial institutions, has been the target of legal actions and other proceedings asserting claims for damages and related relief for losses. These actions include, but are not limited to, mortgage loan and other loan put-back claims, claims and counterclaims asserted by individual borrowers related to their loans, allegations of violations of state and federal laws, and regulations relating to banking practices, including putative class action matters. In addition to actual damages, if Synovus does not prevail in such 
 114 

to million in excess of the amounts accrued, if any, related to those matters. This estimated aggregate range is based upon information currently available to Synovus, and the actual losses could prove to be lower or higher. As there are further developments in these legal matters, Synovus will reassess these matters, and the estimated range of reasonably possible losses may change as a result of this assessment. Based on Synovus' current knowledge and advice of counsel, management presently does not believe that the liabilities arising from these legal matters will have a material adverse effect on Synovus' consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. However, in light of the significant uncertainties involved and the large or indeterminate damages sought in some of these matters, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these legal matters could have a material adverse effect on Synovus' results of operations or financial condition for any particular period. 
 Any estimate or determination relating to the future resolution of litigation, regulatory or governmental examinations, information gathering requests, inquiries, investigations, or similar matters is inherently uncertain and involves significant judgment. This is particularly true in the early stages of a legal matter, when legal issues and facts have not been well articulated, reviewed, analyzed, and vetted through discovery, preparation for trial or hearings, substantive and productive mediation or settlement discussions, or other actions. It is also particularly true with respect to class action and similar claims involving multiple defendants, matters with complex procedural requirements or substantive issues or novel legal theories, and examinations, investigations, and other actions conducted or brought by regulatory and governmental agencies, in which the normal adjudicative process is not applicable. Accordingly, we usually are unable to determine whether a favorable or unfavorable outcome is remote, reasonably likely, or probable, or to estimate the amount or range of a probable or reasonably likely loss, until relatively late in the course of a legal matter, sometimes not until a number of years have elapsed. Accordingly, our judgments and estimates relating to claims will change from time to time in light of developments, and actual outcomes will differ from our estimates. These differences may be material. 

million common share equivalents available for grants. Any restricted share units that are forfeited and options that expire unexercised will again become available for issuance under the 2021 Omnibus Plan. At December 31, 2023, Synovus had a total of million common share equivalents of its authorized but unissued common stock reserved for future grants under the 2021 Omnibus Plan. 
 115 

Other operating expense Total share-based compensation expense included in non-interest expense 
 No share-based compensation costs have been capitalized for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. As of December 31, 2023, total unrecognized compensation cost related to the unvested portion of share-based compensation arrangements involving shares of Synovus stock was million. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining period of years. 
 Stock Options 
 There were stock option grants in 2023, 2022, or 2021. 
 Options exercised ) ) ) Options forfeited/expired/canceled Options outstanding at end of year Options exercisable at end of year 
 The aggregate intrinsic value for both outstanding and exercisable stock options at December 31, 2023 was million with a weighted average remaining contractual life of years. The intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Restricted Share Units and Performance Share Units 
 Compensation expense is measured based on the grant date fair value of restricted share units and performance share units. The fair value of restricted share units and performance share units that do not contain market conditions is equal to the market price of common stock on the grant date. 
 Expected stock price volatility Simulation period years years years 
 The stock price expected volatility was based on Synovus' annualized historical volatility for grants issued in 2023, 2022, and 2021. The Monte Carlo model estimates fair value based on simulations of future share price using a theoretical model of stock price behavior. 
 Synovus granted performance share units, which included a market condition with respect to of the award, to executive management during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. The performance share units have a service-based vesting component, and the number of performance share units that will ultimately vest is based on plan-specific performance metrics. 
 116 

Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 The total fair value of restricted share units vested during 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. The total fair value of performance share units vested during 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Other Employment Benefit Plans 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, Synovus provided a matching contribution on the first of eligible employee 401(k) contributions for a total annual contribution of million, million , and million, respectively. 
 of employee and director voluntary contributions, subject to certain maximum contribution limitations. The funds are used to purchase outstanding shares of Synovus common stock. Synovus recorded expense for contributions to these plans of million in million in both 2022 and 2021. 
 
 State Total current income tax expense Deferred Federal State ) Total deferred income tax expense (benefit) Total income tax expense 
 117 

Increase (decrease) resulting from: State income tax expense, net of federal income tax benefit Tax credits and related benefits, net of amortization (as applicable) ) ) ) Income not subject to tax ) ) ) FDIC premiums 
 Executive compensation Excess tax benefit from share-based compensation ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Total income tax expense Effective tax rate 
 Allowance for credit losses Lease liability Employee benefits and deferred compensation Net operating loss carryforwards Tax credit carryforwards FDIC Special Assessment Unrealized losses on fair value hedges Non-performing loan interest Miscellaneous accrued expenses Fair value of investment securities and loans Other Total gross deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Right-of-use asset ) ) Purchase accounting intangibles ) ) Excess tax over financial statement depreciation ) ) Deferred loan costs ) ) Unrealized gain on hedged liabilities ) ) Prepaid expense ) ) Other properties held for sale ) ) Other ) ) Total gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 Synovus believes the realization of net deferred tax assets (after valuation allowance) at December 31, 2023 is more likely than not based on its history of cumulative profitability as well as expectations of future taxable income, including reversals of taxable temporary differences, in the jurisdictions in which it operates. 
 118 

million of federal and state NOLs as well as a portion of the million of federal and state tax credit carryforwards, which have carryforward periods ending in tax years 2024 through 2043, will not be realized before their carryforward period lapses and the Company has accordingly established a valuation allowance in the amount of million at December 31, 2023. 
 ) Net operating losses - states (1) 
 2027-2043 ) Tax credits - federal 2034-2041 ) Tax credits - states (1) 
 2024-2038 ) (1) Included in this balance are tax attributes that can be carried forward indefinitely and have no expiration date. 
 Synovus is subject to income taxation in the U. S. and various state and local taxing jurisdictions. Generally, Synovus is no longer subject to income tax examinations by the IRS for years before 2020 and by state and local income tax authorities for years before 2015. Although Synovus is unable to determine the ultimate outcome of current and future examinations, Synovus believes that the resolution of these examinations will not have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Additions based on income tax positions related to current year 
 Additions for income tax positions of prior years (1) 
 Reductions for income tax positions of prior years 
 ) ) ) Statute of limitation expirations 
 ) ) ) Settlements 
 ) Balance at December 31, 
 
 (1) Includes deferred tax benefits that could reduce future tax liabilities. 
 Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized income tax benefits are recognized as a component of income tax expense, and totaled million, million, and million as of December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Unrecognized income tax benefits as of December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 that, if recognized, would affect the effective income tax rate totaled million, million and million (net of the federal benefit on state income tax issues), respectively. It is reasonably possible that significant changes in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits may occur within the next 12 months. At this time, Synovus expects that million of uncertain income tax positions will be either settled or resolved during the next twelve months. 
 119 

major reportable business segments: Wholesale Banking, Community Banking, Consumer Banking, and Financial Management Services. The management accounting policies and processes utilized in compiling segment financial information are highly subjective and, unlike financial accounting, are not based on authoritative guidance similar to GAAP. As a result, reported segment results are not necessarily comparable with similar information reported by other financial institutions. 
 The Wholesale Banking business segment serves primarily larger corporate and governmental clients by providing commercial lending, deposit, and capital markets services through specialty teams including middle market, CRE, senior housing, premium finance, structured lending, asset-based lending, public finance, restaurant services, community investment capital, and capital markets. 
 The Community Banking business segment primarily serves small and medium-sized commercial clients as well as individual private wealth clients using a relationship-based approach. The commercial component of this segment focuses on locally owned and operated businesses. Private wealth services are delivered to the individuals operating the businesses as well as other individuals in the communities in which the Community Bank operates. A comprehensive set of banking products are offered to the client set, including a full suite of lending, payments, and depository products as well as financial planning services. 
 The Consumer Banking business segment serves individual and small business clients through its branch and ATM network, in addition to digital and telephone channels. This segment provides individuals and small businesses with an array of comprehensive banking products and services, including depository accounts, credit and debit cards, payment solutions, goal-based planning, home equity and other consumer loans, and small business lending solutions. 
 The Financial Management Services business segment serves its clients by providing mortgage, trust services, professional portfolio management for fixed-income securities, securities underwriting and distribution, the execution of securities transactions as a broker/dealer, asset management, financial planning, and family office services, as well as the provision of individual investment advice on equity and other securities. 
 Functional activities such as treasury, technology, operations, marketing, finance, enterprise risk, legal, human resources, corporate communications, executive management, among others, are included in Treasury and Corporate Other. In addition, certain assets, liabilities, revenue, and expense not allocated or attributable to a particular business segment, such as Synovus' third-party consumer loans and loans held for sale, as well as CIB, are included in Treasury and Corporate Other. 
 Synovus uses a centralized FTP methodology to attribute appropriate net interest income to the business segments. The intent of the FTP methodology is to transfer interest rate risk from the business segments by providing matched duration funding of assets and liabilities. The result is to centralize the financial impact, management, and reporting of interest rate risk in the Treasury and Corporate Other function, where it can be centrally monitored and managed. Treasury and Corporate Other charges (credits) an internal cost of funds for assets held in (or pays for funding provided by) each business segment. The process for determining FTP is based on a number of factors and assumptions, including prevailing market interest rates, the expected lives of various assets and liabilities, and the Company's broader funding profile. 
 billion in deposits previously reported in the Treasury and Corporate Other segment were transferred to align with the management of the client relationships within the Financial Management Services segment. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, net losses of million were recorded in the Treasury and Corporate Other segment primarily due to the strategic repositioning of the investment securities portfolio in the fourth quarter of 2023. Additionally, a million expense was recorded in the Treasury and Corporate Other segment in the fourth quarter of 2023 as a result of an FDIC special assessment charge to certain banks to cover losses incurred by the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) due to bank failures in the first half of 2023. Synovus also recorded a million loss for the billion medical office buildings loans sale in the Wholesale Banking segment and a million loss for the million third-party consumer 
 120 

million, and million, respectively. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Wholesale Banking Community Banking Consumer Banking Financial Management Services Treasury and Corporate Other Synovus Consolidated Net interest income ) Non-interest revenue Non-interest expense Pre-provision net revenue ) Year Ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Wholesale Banking Community Banking Consumer Banking Financial Management Services Treasury and Corporate Other Synovus Consolidated Net interest income Non-interest revenue Non-interest expense Pre-provision net revenue ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Wholesale Banking Community Banking Consumer Banking Financial Management Services Treasury and Corporate Other Synovus Consolidated Net interest income Non-interest revenue Non-interest expense Pre-provision net revenue ) 
 December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Wholesale Banking Community Banking Consumer Banking Financial Management Services Treasury and Corporate Other Synovus Consolidated Loans, net of deferred fees and costs Deposits Full-time equivalent employees December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands) Wholesale Banking Community Banking Consumer Banking Financial Management Services Treasury and Corporate Other Synovus Consolidated Loans, net of deferred fees and costs Deposits Full-time equivalent employees 
 121 

Funds due from other depository institutions 
 Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Investment in consolidated bank subsidiary, at equity 
 Investment in consolidated nonbank subsidiaries, at equity 
 Note receivable from bank subsidiary 
 Other assets 
 Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
 Liabilities: 
 Long-term debt 
 Other liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 Shareholders equity: 
 Preferred stock 
 Common stock 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Treasury stock 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net 
 ) ) Retained earnings 
 Total shareholders equity 
 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

Interest income 
 Other income (loss) 
 ) ) Total income 
 Expense 
 Interest expense 
 Other expense 
 Total expense 
 Income before income taxes and equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries 
 Allocated income tax benefit 
 ) ) ) Income before equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries 
 Equity in undistributed income (loss) of subsidiaries 
 Net income Dividends on preferred stock 
 Net income available to common shareholders 

122 

Other comprehensive gain (loss) of bank subsidiary 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 
 Equity in undistributed (income) loss of subsidiaries 
 ) ) ) Deferred income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) Net increase (decrease) in other liabilities 
 ) Net (increase) decrease in other assets 
 ) Other, net 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 Investing Activities 
 Increase in other investments ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 ) ) ) Financing Activities 
 Dividends paid to common and preferred shareholders 
 ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock 
 ) ) Repayments and redemption of long-term debt 
 ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net 
 Other 
 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of year 
 See accompanying notes to the audited consolidated financial statements. 

million of common stock and million of preferred stock in 2024. Subsequent to year-end, through February 20, 2024, Synovus repurchased million, or thousand shares, of common stock via open market transactions. 
 123 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 NONE. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, an evaluation was carried out by Synovus' management, with the participation of Synovus' Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of Synovus' disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act)). Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Based on that evaluation, Synovus' Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2023, Synovus' disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Synovus regularly engages in productivity and efficiency initiatives to streamline operations, reduce expenses, and increase revenue. Additionally, investment in new and updated information technology systems has enhanced information gathering and processing capabilities, and allowed management to operate in a more centralized environment for critical processing and monitoring functions. Management of Synovus is responsible for identifying, documenting, and evaluating the adequacy of the design and operation of the controls implemented during each process change described above. There have been no material changes in Synovus' internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Synovus' internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Management of Synovus is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting for Synovus Financial Corp. and its subsidiaries we and our ), as that term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Synovus conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over Synovus' financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation, we concluded that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as of December 31, 2023. 
 KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report and has issued a report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, and this report is included in "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Report. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. No change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2023 covered by this Report that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 /s/ Kevin S. Blair 
 /s/ Andrew J. Gregory, Jr. 
 Kevin S. Blair Andrew J. Gregory, Jr. Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 February 23, 2024 February 23, 2024 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 NONE. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 NOT APPLICABLE. 
 124 

Part III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information included under the following captions in our Proxy Statement is incorporated in this document by reference: 
 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON - PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF 11 DIRECTORS 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 DELINQUENT SECTION 16(a) REPORTS and 
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS - Consideration of Director Candidates - Shareholder Candidates and Committees of the Board - Audit Committee. 
 We have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all directors, officers, and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer. You can find our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics in the Corporate Governance section of our website at investor.synovus.com. We will post any amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and any waivers that are required to be disclosed by the rules of either the SEC or the NYSE in the Corporate Governance section of our website. 
 Because our common stock is listed on the NYSE, our chief executive officer is required to make, and he has made, an annual certification to the NYSE stating that he was not aware of any violation by us of the corporate governance listing standards of the NYSE. Our chief executive officer made his annual certification to that effect to the NYSE as of May 2, 2023. In addition, we have filed, as exhibits to this Annual Report, the certifications of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer required under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information included under the following captions in our Proxy Statement is incorporated in this document by reference: 
 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION, 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION - Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report, Summary Compensation Table and the compensation tables and related information which follow the Summary Compensation Table; and 
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS - Committees of the Board - Compensation and Human Capital Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation. 
 The information included under the heading Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report in our Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference; however, this information shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the Commission or subject to regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information pertaining to equity compensation plans is contained in "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 15 - Share-based Compensation and Other Employment Benefit Plans" of this Report and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Information included under the following captions in our Proxy Statement is incorporated in this document by reference: 
 STOCK OWNERSHIP OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, and 
 PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information included under the following captions in our Proxy Statement is incorporated in this document by reference: 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS; and 
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS - Independence. 

125 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is KPMG LLP, Atlanta, GA, Auditor Firm ID: . 
 Information included under the following captions in our Proxy Statement is incorporated in this document by reference: 
 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT - KPMG LLP Fees and Services (excluding the information under the main caption AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT and 
 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT - Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval. 

126 

Part IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements 
 The following consolidated financial statements of Synovus and our subsidiaries and related reports of Synovus' independent registered public accounting firm are incorporated in this Item 15 by reference from "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Report. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (on consolidated financial statements) 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting) 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is incorporated by reference from "Part II - Item 9A. Controls and Procedures" of this Report. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 None are applicable because the required information has been incorporated in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of Synovus and our subsidiaries which are incorporated in this Report by reference. 
 3. Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith or are incorporated to other documents previously filed with the SEC. With the exception of those portions of the Proxy Statement that are expressly incorporated by reference in this Report, such documents are not to be deemed filed as part of this Report. 

127 

Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Restated Articles of Incorporation of Synovus, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 22, 2020, as filed with the SEC on April 24, 2020. 
 3.2 Restated Bylaws of Synovus, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 22, 2020, as filed with the SEC on April 24, 2020. 
 4.1 Specimen physical stock certificate of Synovus, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 19, 2014, as filed with SEC on May 19, 2014. 
 4.2 Specimen stock certificate for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series D, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 20, 2018, as filed with the SEC on June 21, 2018. 
 4.3 Specimen stock certificate for Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series E, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated July1, 2019, as filed with the SEC on July 1, 2019. 
 4.4 Description of Synovus' securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of Synovus' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020, as filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021. 
 4.5 Indenture, dated as of June 20, 2005, between Synovus Financial Corp. and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Synovus' Registration Statement on Form S-4 (No. 333-126767), as filed with the SEC on July 21, 2005. 
 4.6 Senior Notes Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2012, between Synovus Financial Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 8, 2012, as filed with the SEC on February 13, 2012. 
 4.7 Subordinated Indenture, dated as of December 7, 2015, between Synovus Financial Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 2, 2015, as filed with the SEC on December 7, 2015. 
 4.8 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 7, 2015, between Synovus Financial Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 2, 2015, as filed with the SEC on December 7, 2015. 
 4.9 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 7, 2019, between Synovus Financial Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (which includes the 5.900 Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Subordinated Note), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 7, 2019, as filed with the SEC on February 7, 2019. 
 4.10 4.000 Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Subordinated Bank Note, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 29, 2020, as filed with the SEC on October 29, 2020. 
 4.11 5.200 Senior Note due 2025, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 11, 2022, as filed with the SEC on August 11, 2022. 
 4.12 5.625 Senior Bank Notes due 2028, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Synovus Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 16, 2023, as filed with the SEC on February 16, 2023. 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Synovus Financial Corp. Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Synovus' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, as filed with the SEC on August 8, 2008. 
 
 128 

Exhibit Number Description 10.2 First Amendment to Synovus Financial Corp. Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Synovus' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for quarter ended September 30, 2021, as filed with the SEC on November 3, 2021. 
 10.3 Synovus Financial Corp. Executive Salary Contribution Death Benefit Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Synovus' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, as filed with the SEC on August 10, 2009. 
 10.4 Third Amended and Restated Synovus Financial Corp. Deferred Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of Synovus' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, as filed with the SEC on March 1, 2013. 
 10.5 Amendment No. 1 to Third Amended and Restated Synovus Deferred Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Synovus' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2017, as filed with the SEC on August 4, 2017. 
 10.6 Amendment No. 2 to Third Amended and Restated Synovus Deferred Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 of Synovus' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2019, as filed with the SEC on March 2, 2020. 
 10.7 Synovus Financial Corp. 2013 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of Synovus' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, as filed with the SEC on February 27, 2017. 
 10.8 Amendment No. 1 to the Synovus Financial Corp. 2013 Omnibus Plan dated February 9, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of Synovus' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, as filed with the SEC on February 27, 2017. 
 10.9 Amendment No. 2 to the Synovus Financial Corp. 2013 Omnibus Plan dated October 23, 2023. 
 10.10 Form of Stock Option Agreement for the stock option awards under the Synovus Financial Corp. 2013 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 18, 2013, as filed with the SEC on June 20, 2013. 
 10.11 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement for performance-based restricted stock awards under the Synovus Financial Corp. 2013 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 22, 2014, as filed with the SEC on January 24, 2014. 
 10.12 Form of Revised Performance Stock Unit Agreement for performance-based restricted stock awards under the Synovus Financial Corp. 2013 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 11, 2016, as filed with the SEC on February 18, 2016. 
 10.13 Form of Revised Performance Stock Unit Agreement for performance-based restricted stock awards under the Synovus Financial Corp. 2013 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 of Synovus' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2017, as filed with the SEC on February 28, 2018. 
 10.14 Form of Market Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for market restricted stock awards under the Synovus Financial Corp. 2013 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 11, 2013, as filed with the SEC on December 13, 2013. 
 10.15 Form of 2014 Market Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for market restricted stock awards under the Synovus Financial Corp. 2013 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 22, 2014, as filed with the SEC on January 24, 2014. 
 
 129 

Exhibit Number Description 10.16 Form of Revised Market Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for market restricted stock awards under the Synovus Financial Corp. 2013 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 11, 2016, as filed with the SEC on February 18, 2016. 
 10.17 Form of Revised Market Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for market restricted stock awards under the Synovus Financial Corp. 2013 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 of Synovus' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2017, as filed with the SEC on February 28, 2018. 
 10.18 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for restricted stock awards under the Synovus Financial Corp. 2013 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 18, 2013, as filed with the SEC on June 20, 2013. 
 10.19 Form of Revised Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for restricted stock awards under the Synovus Financial Corp. 2013 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 of Synovus' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2017, as filed with the SEC on February 28, 2018. 
 10.20 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for the Synovus Financial Corp. 2013 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 18, 2013, as filed with the SEC on June 20, 2013. 
 10.21 Form of Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for cash-settled restricted stock awards under the Synovus Financial Corp. 2013 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to Synovus' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020, as filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021. 
 10.22 Bond Street Holdings, LLC 2009 Stock Option Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of FCB's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-196935), as filed with the SEC on June 20, 2014. 
 10.23 Bond Street Holdings, LLC 2013 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of FCB's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-196935), as filed with the SEC on June 20, 2014. 
 10.24 FCB 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of the FCB Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on Schedule 14A, as filed with the SEC on April 5, 2016. 
 10.25 First Amendment to the FCB 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Item 8.01 of FCB's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 5, 2016, as filed with the SEC on May 5, 2016. 
 10.26 Form of Incentive Stock Option Grant Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of FCB's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-196935), as filed with the SEC on June 20, 2014. 
 10.27 Form of FCB RSU Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of FCB's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-196935), as filed with the SEC on July 22, 2014. 
 10.28 Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors and executive officers of Synovus, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Synovus' Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 26, 2007, as filed with the SEC on July 26, 2007. 
 10.29 Form of Change of Control Agreement for executive officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Synovus' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, as filed with the SEC on August 8, 2008. 
 10.30 Form of Change of Control Agreement for executive officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of Synovus' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, as filed with the SEC on February 28, 2014. 
 
 130 

Exhibit Number Description 10.31 Synovus Financial Corp. Amended and Restated Discretionary Clawback Policy, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of Synovus' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2018, as filed with the SEC on February 28, 2019. 
 10.32 Form of Confidentiality and Nonsolicitation Agreement for executive officers of Synovus, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 of Synovus' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2019, as filed with the SEC on March 2, 2020. 
 10.33 Synovus Financial Corp. 2021 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Synovus' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on May 6, 2021. 
 10.34 Amendment No. 1 to the Synovus Financial Corp. 2021 Omnibus Plan dated October 23, 2023. 
 10.35 Synovus Financial Corp. 2021 Director Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Synovus' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on May 6, 2021. 
 10.36 Synovus Financial Corp. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Synovus' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on May 6, 2021. 
 10.37 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for restricted stock awards to directors under the Synovus Financial Corp. 2021 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Synovus' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on May 6, 2021. 
 10.38 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for restricted stock awards under the Synovus Financial Corp. 2021 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 of Synovus' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022. 
 10.39 Form of Revised Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for restricted stock awards under the Synovus Financial Corp. 2021 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 of Synovus' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the SEC on February 24, 2023. 
 10.40 Form of Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for cash-settled restricted stock awards under the Synovus Financial Corp. 2021 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 of Synovus' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022. 
 10.41 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement for performance-based restricted stock awards under the Synovus Financial Corp. 2021 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 of Synovus' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022. 
 10.42 Form of Revised Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for cash-settled restricted stock awards under the Synovus Financial Corp. 2021 Omnibus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 of Synovus' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the SEC on February 24, 2023. 
 10.43 Form of Revised Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for cash-settled restricted stock awards under the Synovus Financial Corp. 2021 Omnibus Plan. 
 10.44 Form of Revised Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for restricted stock awards under the Synovus Financial Corp. 2021 Omnibus Plan. 
 
 131 

Exhibit Number Description 14 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Synovus Financial Corp. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24.1 Powers of Attorney contained on the signature pages of this 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 97 Synovus Financial Corp. Mandatory Clawback Policy. 
 101 Interactive Data File 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and included in Exhibit 101). 
 Indicates management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements. 
 (b) Exhibits 
 See the response to Item 15(a)(3) above. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules 
 See the response to Item 15(a)(2) above. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 NONE. 
 132 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Synovus Financial Corp. has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 SYNOVUS FINANCIAL CORP. Date: February 23, 2024 By: /s/ Kevin S. Blair Kevin S. Blair Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Kevin S. Blair. and Andrew J. Gregory, Jr. and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorney(s)-in-fact and agent(s), with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments to this report and to file the same, with all exhibits and schedules thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney(s)-in-fact and agent(s) full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney(s)-in-fact and agent(s), or their substitute(s), may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Kevin S. Blair Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President February 23, 2024 Kevin S. Blair (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Andrew J. Gregory, Jr. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 23, 2024 Andrew J. Gregory, Jr. (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Jill K. Hurley Chief Accounting Officer and Controller February 23, 2024 Jill K. Hurley 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Stacy Apter Director February 23, 2024 Stacy Apter /s/ Tim. E. Bentsen Director February 23, 2024 Tim E. Bentsen 
 /s/ Pedro Cherry Director February 23, 2024 Pedro Cherry 
 133 

Signature Title Date /s/ John H. Irby Director February 23, 2024 John H. Irby /s/ Diana M. Murphy Director February 23, 2024 Diana Murphy /s/ Harris Pastides Director February 23, 2024 Harris Pastides /s/ John Stallworth Director February 23, 2024 John Stallworth /s/ Barry L. Storey Director February 23, 2024 Barry L. Storey /s/ Alexandra Villoch Director February 23, 2024 Alexandra Villoch /s/ Teresa White Director February 23, 2024 Teresa White 
 
 134 

<EX-10.9>
 2
 snv_12312023xfilingxex109.htm
 EX-10.9

Document 
 Exhibit 10.9 

 AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO 
 SYNOVUS FINANCIAL CORP. 2013 OMNIBUS PLAN 

THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO SYNOVUS FINANCIAL CORP. 2013 OMNIBUS PLAN (this Amendment is entered into as of October 23, 2023. Capitalized terms used in this Amendment and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Synovus Financial Corp. 2013 Omnibus Plan, effective as of April 25, 2013 and as amended on February 9, 2017 (the Plan ). 
 
 WHEREAS, Synovus Financial Corp. Synovus maintains the Plan 
 
 WHEREAS, Synovus desires to amend the Plan to revise certain provisions related to fractional shares, with the Amendment to be effective on and after October 23, 2023 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, Synovus hereby amends the Plan as follows 
 
 1. Amendment to Plan . Section 20.12 of the Plan is hereby deleted in its entirety. 
 
 2. Benefits of this Amendment . Nothing in this Amendment shall affect or diminish any Participant s rights under the Plan or adversely affect any Award previously granted under the Plan. 
 
 3. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Georgia. 
 
 4. Counterparts Effectiveness . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument and shall become effective when each party hereto shall have received a counterpart hereof signed by all of the other parties hereto. 
 
 5. Effect of Amendment . Except as expressly modified by the Amendment, the Plan shall remain in full force and effect. 

Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Synovus has caused this Amendment No. 2 to be duly executed by its authorized officer as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 SYNOVUS FINANCIAL CORP. By s Sharon Goodwine 
 Name Sharon Goodwine Title Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.34>
 3
 snv_12312023xfilingxex1034.htm
 EX-10.34

Document 
 Exhibit 10.34 

 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO 
 SYNOVUS FINANCIAL CORP. 2021 OMNIBUS PLAN 

THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO SYNOVUS FINANCIAL CORP. 2021 OMNIBUS PLAN (this Amendment is entered into as of October 23, 2023. Capitalized terms used in this Amendment and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Synovus Financial Corp. 2021 Omnibus Plan, effective as of April 21, 2021 (the Plan ). 
 
 WHEREAS, Synovus Financial Corp. Synovus maintains the Plan 
 
 WHEREAS, Synovus desires to amend the Plan to revise certain provisions related to fractional shares, with the Amendment to be effective on and after October 23, 2023 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, Synovus hereby amends the Plan as follows 
 
 1. Amendment to Plan . Section 19.12 of the Plan is hereby deleted in its entirety. 
 2. Benefits of this Amendment . Nothing in this Amendment shall affect or diminish any Participant s rights under the Plan or adversely affect any Award previously granted under the Plan. 
 
 3. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Georgia. 
 
 4. Counterparts Effectiveness . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument and shall become effective when each party hereto shall have received a counterpart hereof signed by all of the other parties hereto. 
 
 5. Effect of Amendment . Except as expressly modified by the Amendment, the Plan shall remain in full force and effect. 

Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Synovus has caused this Amendment No. 1 to be duly executed by its authorized officer as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 SYNOVUS FINANCIAL CORP. By s Sharon Goodwine 
 Name Sharon Goodwine Title Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.43>
 4
 snv_12312023xfilingxex1043.htm
 EX-10.43

Document 
 
 Exhibit 10.43 

 REVISED CASH-SETTLED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS CASH-SETTLED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT Agreement is made effective as of the grant date set forth below by and between SYNOVUS FINANCIAL CORP., a Georgia corporation (the Corporation ), and ___________________ Executive ). 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive has been awarded Restricted Stock Units RSUs under the Corporation s 2021 Omnibus Plan Plan ). 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in accordance with the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, Executive hereby agrees to the following terms and conditions 
 
 1. Grant of RSUs 
 
 Executive is hereby granted RSUs as follows 
 
 Date of Grant _____________, 20__ 
 
 Vesting Period Please refer to Section 2 of this Agreement 
 
 Total Number of RSUs _____________ 
 
 2. Vesting of RSUs 
 
 (a) Vesting Conditions . If Executive remains in the continuous employ of the Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Corporation through the date(s) indicated in Column I below, the RSUs will become non-forfeitable (i.e., vest to the extent indicated in Column II below 
 
 (I) (II) If employment the of the RSUs continues through then which vest is ____________, 20___ 100 or ____________, 20___ ___ or ____________, 20___ ___ or ____________, 20___ ___ or ____________, 20___ ___ or 

____________, 20__ ___ 
 
 Such vesting will occur (to the extent indicated in Column (II) above) at the close of business on the applicable date(s) indicated in Column (I) above. Any RSUs which are not vested on the date of Executive s termination of employment will be forfeited to the Corporation, unless the Corporation s Compensation and Human Capital Committee Compensation Committee in its sole and exclusive discretion determines otherwise. 
 
 (b) Effect of Voluntary Termination or Termination for Cause or Suicide . If Executive s employment with the Corporation and its Subsidiaries is terminated (i) by Executive voluntarily or (ii) by the Corporation or a Subsidiary for Cause or (iii) by Executive s death due to suicide before all RSUs vest pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 2(a) above, then any RSUs which are not vested at the time of such termination will be forfeited to the Corporation on the date of such termination, unless the Compensation Committee in its sole and exclusive discretion determines otherwise. 
 
 (c) Effect of Death (Other Than by Suicide) or Disability . If Executive s employment with the Corporation and its Subsidiaries terminates by reason of Executive s death (other than by suicide) or Disability, then any RSUs which are not vested at the time of such termination will become vested automatically. 
 
 (d) Effect of Retirement or Leave of Absence . If Executive s employment with the Corporation and its Subsidiaries is terminated by reason of Executive s retirement after attainment of age __ and __ years of Service age __, then any RSUs which are not vested at the time of such retirement will become vested automatically will not be forfeited and will paid to the Executive in accordance with the schedule set forth in Section 2(a) above . A leave of absence which is approved in writing by the Compensation Committee with specific reference to this Agreement will not be considered a termination of Executive s employment with the Corporation and its Subsidiaries for purposes of this Section 2 or any other provision of this Agreement. 
 
 (e) In the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the Plan), the RSUs will vest immediately upon such Change of Control as provided in the Plan provided, however, that in the event the RSUs are assumed by the surviving entity in a Change of Control or are equitably converted or substituted in connection with a Change of Control, the vesting of the RSUs shall not be accelerated unless the Executive s employment is terminated within two years following the effective date of such Change of Control either by the surviving entity without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean (i) the willful and continued failure of Executive perform substantially his or her duties with the Corporation or one of its affiliates after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to Executive by an officer of the Corporation which specifically identifies the manner in which Executive has not substantially performed his or her duties, after which Executive shall have a reasonable amount of time to remedy such failure to substantially perform his or her duties or (ii) the willful engaging by Executive in illegal conduct or gross misconduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Corporation. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean (i) a material adverse reduction in the Executive s position, duties or responsibilities, excluding a change in the position or level of officer to whom the Executive reports or a change that is part of a policy, program, or arrangement applicable to peer executives (including peer executives of any successor to the Corporation (ii) the Corporation s requiring the Executive to be based at any office or location more than 35 
 2 

miles from the location where Executive was employed on the effective date of the Change of Control Date or the date which is 120 days prior to the effective date of the Change of Control or (iii) a material reduction in Executive s annual base salary, target annual bonus opportunity, or participation in employee benefit plans, as such salary, bonus and plans were in effect on either the effective date of the Change of Control or the date which is 120 days prior to the effective date of the Change of Control (if such earlier date is selected by Executive) unless such reduction is part of a policy, program, or arrangement applicable to peer executives (including peer executives to any successor to Corporation). 
 
 (f) No Forfeiture of Vested RSUs . Any RSUs which vest pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Section 2 will not thereafter be forfeited. 
 
 3. Settlement of RSUs 
 
 Upon vesting of the RSUs, the Executive (or his representative) shall receive a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value of one share of the Corporation s Common Stock for each RSU that vests on such vesting date as soon as practicable following such vesting date, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan including the withholding of applicable taxes. 
 
 4. Transfer of RSUs 
 
 Unless otherwise permitted by the Committee, the RSUs may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than pursuant to a will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any attempted disposition in violation of this Agreement and the Plan shall be void. 
 
 5. Status of Executive 
 
 The Executive shall not be, or have rights as, a stockholder of the Corporation with respect to any of the shares of Common Stock subject to the RSUs unless such RSUs have vested, and shares underlying the RSUs have been issued and delivered to him or her. The Corporation shall not be required to issue or transfer any certificates for shares of Common Stock upon vesting of the RSUs until all applicable requirements of law have been complied with and such shares have been duly listed on any securities exchange on which the Common Stock may then be listed. 
 
 6. Dividend Equivalents 
 
 The RSUs will be credited with dividend equivalents equal to amount of cash dividend payments that would have otherwise been paid if the shares of the Corporation s Common Stock represented by the RSUs (including deemed reinvested additional shares attributable to the RSUs pursuant to this paragraph) were actually outstanding. These dividend equivalents will be deemed to be reinvested in additional shares of the Corporation s Common Stock determined by dividing the deemed cash dividend amount by the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) of a share of the Corporation s Common Stock on the applicable dividend payment date. Such credited amounts will be added to the RSUs and will vest or be forfeited in accordance with Section 2 based on the vesting or forfeiture of the initial RSUs to which they are attributable. In addition, the 
 3 

RSUs will be credited with any dividends or distributions that are paid in shares of the Corporation s Common Stock represented by the RSUs and will otherwise be adjusted by the Committee for other capital or corporate events as provided for in the Plan. 
 
 7. Nonsolicitation and Confidentiality Covenants . 
 
 By signing this Agreement, Executive agrees to the nonsolicitation and confidentiality covenants set forth in (a), (b), (c) and (d) below. 
 
 (a) Nonsolicitation of Customers . Executive agrees that, for a period of twelve (12) months following his or her separation of employment with the Corporation, Executive will not, directly or by assisting others, solicit, attempt to solicit, call upon, divert, or initiate contact or communication with any Restricted Customer for the purpose of selling or providing, or attempting to sell or provide, any service or product competitive or potentially competitive with any product or service sold or provided by the Corporation at any time during the period of two years immediately preceding Executive s separation of employment. As used herein, Customer shall mean a person or entity (i) to whom the Corporation has sold or provided products or services in connection with the Corporation s business or (ii) who the Corporation has actively solicited for the purpose of selling or providing products or services in connection with its business. As used herein, Restricted Customer shall mean any Customer (A) with whom Executive communicated on behalf of the Corporation (B) whose dealings with Corporation Executive coordinated or supervised during his or her employment with the Corporation (C) about whom Executive obtained confidential information in the ordinary course of business as a result of his or her association with the Corporation or (D) who receives or received products or services authorized by the Corporation, the sale or provision of which results or resulted in compensation, commissions, or earnings for Executive within the two-year period prior to Executive s separation of employment provided, however, that such definition shall not apply to a Customer who expressly terminates his, her or its relationship with the Corporation prior to any communication or solicitation prohibited hereunder. 
 
 (b) Nonsolicitation of Employees . For a period of twelve (12) months following Executive s separation of employment, Executive agrees that he or she will not, directly or indirectly, hire, attempt to hire, solicit, or otherwise attempt to employ in any capacity, whether as an employee, independent contractor, consultant, or otherwise, and whether temporary or permanent, full-time or part-time, any employee of the Corporation, its affiliates or subsidiaries located within the States of Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Tennessee and South Carolina without the prior written permission of the Corporation. 
 
 (c) Confidentiality . Executive agrees to hold in confidence at all times after the date hereof all Trade Secrets, and shall not disclose, publish or make use at any time after the date hereof the Trade Secrets without the prior written consent of the Corporation. Executive also agrees that for the period beginning on the date of this Agreement and ending on Executive s separation of employment with the Corporation, and for a period of two (2) years thereafter, Executive will hold in confidence all Confidential Information and will not disclose, publish or make use of Confidential Information without the prior written consent of the Corporation. For the purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information shall mean any data or information, other than Trade Secrets, that is valuable to the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates (hereinafter the Synovus Companies and not generally known to competitors of the 
 4 

Synovus Companies. Trade Secrets shall mean information belonging to or hereafter acquired by any of the Synovus Companies, including, but not limited to, technical or nontechnical data, a formula, pattern, compilation, program, device, method, technique, drawing, process, financial data, financial plan, product plan, list of actual or potential customers or suppliers, or other information similar to any of the foregoing, that derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can derive economic value from its disclosure or use. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Trade Secrets shall not include information that Executive can show by competent proof (i) was known to Executive and reduced to writing prior to disclosure by any of the Synovus Companies (but only if Executive promptly notifies the Corporation of Executive s prior knowledge) (ii) was generally known to the public at the time any of the Synovus Companies disclosed the information to Executive, (iii) became generally known to the public after disclosure by any of the Synovus Companies through no act or omission of Executive or (iv) was disclosed to Executive by a third party having a bona fide right both to possess the information and to disclose the information to Executive. 
 
 (d) Injunctive Relief . By reason of the foregoing, Executive agrees that any breach of the nonsolicitation and confidentiality obligations contained in this Agreement will result in irreparable harm to the Corporation and its business, such that Corporation shall be entitled to an injunction enforcing said covenants in the event of Executive s breach or threatened breach, in addition to such other damages and remedies available to the Corporation at law or equity. If Executive has executed another nonsolicitation agreement with the Corporation, the terms of that agreement are incorporated herein by reference and shall remain in full force and effect. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the other nonsolicitation agreement, the more restrictive terms shall control. 
 
 8. General Provisions 
 
 (a) Administration, Interpretation and Construction . The terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement will be administered, interpreted and construed by the Compensation Committee, whose decisions will be final, conclusive and binding on the Corporation, on Executive and on anyone claiming under or through the Corporation or Executive. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any determination as to whether an event has occurred or failed to occur which causes the RSUs to be forfeited pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, will be made in the good faith but absolute discretion of the Compensation Committee. By accepting the transfer of RSUs, Executive irrevocably consents and agrees to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and to all actions, decisions and determinations to be taken or made by the Compensation Committee in good faith pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Withholding . The Corporation will have the right to withhold from any payments to be made to Executive (whether under this Agreement or otherwise) any taxes the Corporation determines it is required to withhold with respect to Executive under the laws and regulations of any governmental authority, whether Federal, state or local and whether domestic or foreign, in connection with this Agreement, including, without limitation, taxes in connection with the transfer of RSUs or the lapse of restrictions on RSUs. Failure to submit any such withholding taxes shall be deemed to cause otherwise lapsed restrictions on RSUs not to lapse. 
 5 

(c) Rights Not Assignable or Transferable . No rights under this Agreement will be assignable or transferable other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, either voluntarily, or, to the full extent permitted by law, involuntarily, by way of encumbrance, pledge, attachment, levy or charge of any nature except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. Executive s rights under this Agreement will be exercisable during Executive s lifetime only by Executive or by Executive s guardian or legal representative. 
 
 (d) Terms and Conditions Binding . The terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and in this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Corporation, its successors and assigns, including any assignee of the Corporation and any successor to the Corporation by merger, consolidation or otherwise, and Executive, Executive s heirs, devisees and legal representatives. In addition, the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and in this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Fidelity and its successors and assigns. 
 
 (e) No Employment Rights . No provision of this Agreement or the Plan will be deemed to confer upon Executive any right to continue in the employ of the Corporation or a Subsidiary or will in any way affect the right of the Corporation or a Subsidiary to dismiss or otherwise terminate Executive s employment at any time for any reason with or without cause, or will be construed to impose upon the Corporation or a Subsidiary any liability for any forfeiture of RSUs which may result under this Agreement if Executive s employment is so terminated. 
 
 (f) No Liability for Good Faith Business Acts or Omissions . Executive recognizes and agrees that the Compensation Committee, the Board, or the officers, agents or employees of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries, in their oversight or conduct of the business and affairs of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries, may in good faith cause the Corporation or a Subsidiary to act, or to omit to act, in a manner that may, directly or indirectly, prevent the RSUs from vesting. No provision of this Agreement will be interpreted or construed to impose any liability upon the Corporation, a Subsidiary, the Compensation Committee, Board or any officer, agent or employee of the Corporation or a Subsidiary, for any forfeiture of RSUs that may result, directly or indirectly, from any such action or omission. 
 
 (g) Recapitalization . In the event that Executive receives, with respect to RSUs, any securities or other property (other than cash dividends) as a result of any stock dividend or split, spin-off, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, combination or exchange of shares or a similar corporate change, any such securities or other property received by Executive will likewise be held by Fidelity and be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and will be included in the term RSUs. 
 
 (h) Appointment of Agent . By accepting the transfer of RSUs, Executive irrevocably nominates, constitutes, and appoints Fidelity as Executive s agent for purposes of surrendering or transferring the RSUs to the Corporation upon any forfeiture required or authorized by this Agreement. This power is intended as a power coupled with an interest and will survive Executive s death. In addition, it is intended as a durable power and will survive Executive s disability. 
 
 6 

(i) Legal Representative . In the event of Executive s death or a judicial determination of Executive s incompetence, reference in this Agreement to Executive shall be deemed, where appropriate, to Executive s heirs or devises. 
 
 (j) Titles . The titles to sections or paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this Agreement is to be construed by reference to the title of any section or paragraph. 
 
 (k) Plan Governs . The RSUs are being transferred to Executive pursuant to and subject to the Plan, a copy of which is available upon request to the Corporate Secretary of the Corporation. The provisions of the Plan are incorporated herein by this reference, and all capitalized terms in this Agreement shall have the same meanings given to such terms in the Plan. The terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement will be administered, interpreted and construed in accordance with the Plan, and any such term or condition which cannot be so administered, interpreted or construed will to that extent be disregarded. 
 
 (l) Clawback Policy . Pursuant to Article 19 of the Plan, the RSUs are subject to any compensation recoupment policy adopted by the Corporation and are also subject to recovery under any applicable law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement. 
 
 (m) Complete Agreement . This instrument contains the entire agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes and replaces all prior agreements and understandings with respect to such subject matter. The parties hereto have made no agreements, representations or warranties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement which are not set forth herein or incorporated by reference. 
 
 (n) Amendment Modification Wavier . No provision set forth in this Agreement may be amended, modified or waived unless such amendment, modification or waiver shall be authorized by the Compensation Committee and shall be agreed to in writing, signed by Executive and by an officer of the Corporation duly authorized to do so. No waiver by either party hereto of any breach by the other party of any condition or provision set forth in this Agreement to be performed by such other party will be deemed a waiver of a subsequent breach of such condition or provision, or will be deemed a waiver of a similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same time or at any prior or subsequent time. 
 
 (o) Governing Law . The validity, interpretation, performance and enforcement of the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia, the state in which the Corporation is incorporated, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law of that state. 
 
 The Corporation has issued the RSUs in accordance with the foregoing terms and conditions and in accordance with the provisions of the Plan. By signing below, Executive hereby agrees to the foregoing terms and conditions of the RSUs. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Executive has set Executive s hand and seal, effective as of the date and year set forth above. 
 
 7 

</EX-10.43>

<EX-10.44>
 5
 snv_12312023xfilingxex1044.htm
 EX-10.44

Document 
 Exhibit 10.44 

REVISED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT Agreement is made effective as of the grant date set forth below by and between SYNOVUS FINANCIAL CORP., a Georgia corporation (the Corporation ), and ____________________ Executive ). 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive has been awarded Restricted Stock Units RSUs under the Corporation s 2021 Omnibus Plan Plan ). 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in accordance with the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, Executive hereby agrees to the following terms and conditions 
 
 1. Grant of RSUs 
 
 Executive is hereby granted RSUs as follows 
 
 Date of Grant ______________, 20__ 
 
 Vesting Period Please refer to Section 2 of this Agreement 
 
 Total Number of RSUs ___________________ 
 
 2. Vesting of RSUs 
 
 (a) Vesting Conditions . If Executive remains in the continuous employ of the Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Corporation through the date(s) indicated in Column I below, the RSUs will become non-forfeitable (i.e., vest to the extent indicated in Column II below 
 
 (I) (II) If employment the of the RSUs continues through then which vest is ____________, 20___ 100 or ____________, 20___ ___ or ____________, 20___ ___ or ____________, 20___ ___ or ____________, 20___ ___ or 

____________, 20__ ___ 
 
 Such vesting will occur (to the extent indicated in Column (II) above) at the close of business on the applicable date(s) indicated in Column (I) above. Any RSUs which are not vested on the date of Executive s termination of employment will be forfeited to the Corporation, unless the Corporation s Compensation and Human Capital Committee Compensation Committee in its sole and exclusive discretion determines otherwise. 
 
 (b) Effect of Voluntary or Involuntary Termination or Termination for Cause or Suicide . If Executive s employment with the Corporation and its Subsidiaries is terminated (i) by Executive voluntarily or (ii) by the Corporation or a Subsidiary involuntarily or for Cause or (iii) by Executive s death due to suicide before all RSUs vest pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 2(a) above, then any RSUs which are not vested at the time of such termination will be forfeited to the Corporation on the date of such termination, unless the Compensation Committee in its sole and exclusive discretion determines otherwise. 
 
 (c) Effect of Death (Other Than by Suicide) or Disability . If Executive s employment with the Corporation and its Subsidiaries terminates by reason of Executive s death (other than by suicide) or Disability, then any RSUs which are not vested at the time of such termination will become vested automatically. 
 
 (d) Effect of Retirement or Leave of Absence . If Executive s employment with the Corporation and its Subsidiaries is terminated by reason of Executive s retirement after attainment of age __ and __ years of Service age __, then any RSUs which are not vested at the time of such retirement will become vested automatically will not be forfeited and will paid to the Executive in accordance with the schedule set forth in Section 2(a) above . A leave of absence which is approved in writing by the Compensation Committee with specific reference to this Agreement will not be considered a termination of Executive s employment with the Corporation and its Subsidiaries for purposes of this Section 2 or any other provision of this Agreement. 
 
 (e) Change of Control . In the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the Plan), the RSUs will vest immediately upon such Change of Control as provided in the Plan provided, however, that in the event the RSUs are assumed by the surviving entity in a Change of Control or are equitably converted or substituted in connection with a Change of Control, the vesting of the RSUs shall not be accelerated unless the Executive s employment is terminated within two years following the effective date of such Change of Control either by the surviving entity without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean (i) the willful and continued failure of Executive perform substantially his or her duties with the Corporation or one of its affiliates after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to Executive by an officer of the Corporation which specifically identifies the manner in which Executive has not substantially performed his or her duties, after which Executive shall have a reasonable amount of time to remedy such failure to substantially perform his or her duties or (ii) the willful engaging by Executive in illegal conduct or gross misconduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Corporation. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean (i) a material adverse reduction in the Executive s position, duties or responsibilities, excluding a change in the position or level of officer to whom the Executive reports or a change that is part of a policy, program, or arrangement applicable to peer executives (including peer executives of any successor to the Corporation (ii) the Corporation s requiring the Executive to be based at any office or location more than 35 miles from the 
 2 

location where Executive was employed on the effective date of the Change of Control Date or the date which is 120 days prior to the effective date of the Change of Control or (iii) a material reduction in Executive s annual base salary, target annual bonus opportunity, or participation in employee benefit plans, as such salary, bonus and plans were in effect on either the effective date of the Change of Control or the date which is 120 days prior to the effective date of the Change of Control (if such earlier date is selected by Executive) unless such reduction is part of a policy, program, or arrangement applicable to peer executives (including peer executives to any successor to Corporation). 
 
 (f) No Forfeiture of Vested RSUs . Any RSUs which vest pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Section 2 will not thereafter be forfeited. 
 
 3. Conversion of RSUs and Issuance of Shares 
 
 Upon vesting of the RSUs, one share of the Corporation s Common Stock shall be issued for each RSU that vests on such vesting date, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 4. Transfer of RSUs 
 
 Unless otherwise permitted by the Committee, the RSUs may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than pursuant to a will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any attempted disposition in violation of this Agreement and the Plan shall be void. 
 
 5. Status of Executive 
 
 The Executive shall not be, or have rights as, a stockholder of the Corporation with respect to any of the shares of Common Stock subject to the RSUs unless such RSUs have vested, and shares underlying the RSUs have been issued and delivered to him or her. The Corporation shall not be required to issue or transfer any certificates for shares of Common Stock upon vesting of the RSUs until all applicable requirements of law have been complied with and such shares have been duly listed on any securities exchange on which the Common Stock may then be listed. 
 
 6. Dividend Equivalents 
 
 The RSUs will be credited with dividend equivalents equal to amount of cash dividend payments that would have otherwise been paid if the shares of the Corporation s Common Stock represented by the RSUs (including deemed reinvested additional shares attributable to the RSUs pursuant to this paragraph) were actually outstanding. These dividend equivalents will be deemed to be reinvested in additional shares of the Corporation s Common Stock determined by dividing the deemed cash dividend amount by the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) of a share of the Corporation s Common Stock on the applicable dividend payment date. Such credited amounts will be added to the RSUs and will vest or be forfeited in accordance with Section 2 based on the vesting or forfeiture of the initial RSUs to which they are attributable. In addition, the RSUs will be credited with any dividends or distributions that are paid in shares of the Corporation s Common Stock represented by the RSUs and will otherwise be adjusted by the Committee for other capital or corporate events as provided for in the Plan. 
 3 

7. Nonsolicitation and Confidentiality Covenants . 
 
 By signing this Agreement, Executive agrees to the nonsolicitation and confidentiality covenants set forth in (a), (b), (c) and (d) below. 
 
 (a) Nonsolicitation of Customers . Executive agrees that, for a period of twelve (12) months following his or her separation of employment with the Corporation, Executive will not, directly or by assisting others, solicit, attempt to solicit, call upon, divert, or initiate contact or communication with any Restricted Customer for the purpose of selling or providing, or attempting to sell or provide, any service or product competitive or potentially competitive with any product or service sold or provided by the Corporation at any time during the period of two years immediately preceding Executive s separation of employment. As used herein, Customer shall mean a person or entity (i) to whom the Corporation has sold or provided products or services in connection with the Corporation s business or (ii) who the Corporation has actively solicited for the purpose of selling or providing products or services in connection with its business. As used herein, Restricted Customer shall mean any Customer (A) with whom Executive communicated on behalf of the Corporation (B) whose dealings with Corporation Executive coordinated or supervised during his or her employment with the Corporation (C) about whom Executive obtained confidential information in the ordinary course of business as a result of his or her association with the Corporation or (D) who receives or received products or services authorized by the Corporation, the sale or provision of which results or resulted in compensation, commissions, or earnings for Executive within the two-year period prior to Executive s separation of employment provided, however, that such definition shall not apply to a Customer who expressly terminates his, her or its relationship with the Corporation prior to any communication or solicitation prohibited hereunder. 
 
 (b) Nonsolicitation of Employees . For a period of twelve (12) months following Executive s separation of employment, Executive agrees that he or she will not, directly or indirectly, hire, attempt to hire, solicit, or otherwise attempt to employ in any capacity, whether as an employee, independent contractor, consultant, or otherwise, and whether temporary or permanent, full-time or part-time, any employee of the Corporation, its affiliates or subsidiaries located within the States of Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Tennessee and South Carolina without the prior written permission of the Corporation. 
 
 (c) Confidentiality . Executive agrees to hold in confidence at all times after the date hereof all Trade Secrets, and shall not disclose, publish or make use at any time after the date hereof the Trade Secrets without the prior written consent of the Corporation. Executive also agrees that for the period beginning on the date of this Agreement and ending on Executive s separation of employment with the Corporation, and for a period of two (2) years thereafter, Executive will hold in confidence all Confidential Information and will not disclose, publish or make use of Confidential Information without the prior written consent of the Corporation. For the purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information shall mean any data or information, other than Trade Secrets, that is valuable to the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates (hereinafter the Synovus Companies and not generally known to competitors of the Synovus Companies. Trade Secrets shall mean information belonging to or hereafter acquired by any of the Synovus Companies, including, but not limited to, technical or nontechnical data, a formula, pattern, compilation, program, device, method, technique, drawing, process, financial data, financial plan, product plan, list of actual or potential customers or suppliers, or other information similar to any of the foregoing, that derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by 
 4 

proper means by, other persons who can derive economic value from its disclosure or use. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Trade Secrets shall not include information that Executive can show by competent proof (i) was known to Executive and reduced to writing prior to disclosure by any of the Synovus Companies (but only if Executive promptly notifies the Corporation of Executive s prior knowledge) (ii) was generally known to the public at the time any of the Synovus Companies disclosed the information to Executive, (iii) became generally known to the public after disclosure by any of the Synovus Companies through no act or omission of Executive or (iv) was disclosed to Executive by a third party having a bona fide right both to possess the information and to disclose the information to Executive. 
 
 (d) Injunctive Relief . By reason of the foregoing, Executive agrees that any breach of the nonsolicitation and confidentiality obligations contained in this Agreement will result in irreparable harm to the Corporation and its business, such that Corporation shall be entitled to an injunction enforcing said covenants in the event of Executive s breach or threatened breach, in addition to such other damages and remedies available to the Corporation at law or equity. If Executive has executed another nonsolicitation agreement with the Corporation, the terms of that agreement are incorporated herein by reference and shall remain in full force and effect. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the other nonsolicitation agreement, the more restrictive terms shall control. 
 
 8. General Provisions 
 
 (a) Administration, Interpretation and Construction . The terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement will be administered, interpreted and construed by the Compensation Committee, whose decisions will be final, conclusive and binding on the Corporation, on Executive and on anyone claiming under or through the Corporation or Executive. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any determination as to whether an event has occurred or failed to occur which causes the RSUs to be forfeited pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, will be made in the good faith but absolute discretion of the Compensation Committee. By accepting the transfer of RSUs, Executive irrevocably consents and agrees to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and to all actions, decisions and determinations to be taken or made by the Compensation Committee in good faith pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Withholding . The Corporation will have the right to withhold from any payments to be made to Executive (whether under this Agreement or otherwise) any taxes the Corporation determines it is required to withhold with respect to Executive under the laws and regulations of any governmental authority, whether Federal, state or local and whether domestic or foreign, in connection with this Agreement, including, without limitation, taxes in connection with the transfer of RSUs or the lapse of restrictions on RSUs. Failure to submit any such withholding taxes shall be deemed to cause otherwise lapsed restrictions on RSUs not to lapse. 
 
 (c) Rights Not Assignable or Transferable . No rights under this Agreement will be assignable or transferable other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, either voluntarily, or, to the full extent permitted by law, involuntarily, by way of encumbrance, pledge, attachment, levy or charge of any nature except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. Executive s rights under this Agreement will be exercisable during Executive s lifetime only by Executive or by Executive s guardian or legal representative. 
 
 5 

(d) Terms and Conditions Binding . The terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and in this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Corporation, its successors and assigns, including any assignee of the Corporation and any successor to the Corporation by merger, consolidation or otherwise, and Executive, Executive s heirs, devisees and legal representatives. In addition, the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and in this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Fidelity and its successors and assigns. 
 
 (e) No Employment Rights . No provision of this Agreement or the Plan will be deemed to confer upon Executive any right to continue in the employ of the Corporation or a Subsidiary or will in any way affect the right of the Corporation or a Subsidiary to dismiss or otherwise terminate Executive s employment at any time for any reason with or without cause, or will be construed to impose upon the Corporation or a Subsidiary any liability for any forfeiture of RSUs which may result under this Agreement if Executive s employment is so terminated. 
 
 (f) No Liability for Good Faith Business Acts or Omissions . Executive recognizes and agrees that the Compensation Committee, the Board, or the officers, agents or employees of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries, in their oversight or conduct of the business and affairs of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries, may in good faith cause the Corporation or a Subsidiary to act, or to omit to act, in a manner that may, directly or indirectly, prevent the RSUs from vesting. No provision of this Agreement will be interpreted or construed to impose any liability upon the Corporation, a Subsidiary, the Compensation Committee, Board or any officer, agent or employee of the Corporation or a Subsidiary, for any forfeiture of RSUs that may result, directly or indirectly, from any such action or omission. 
 
 (g) Recapitalization . In the event that Executive receives, with respect to RSUs, any securities or other property (other than cash dividends) as a result of any stock dividend or split, spin-off, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, combination or exchange of shares or a similar corporate change, any such securities or other property received by Executive will likewise be held by Fidelity and be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and will be included in the term RSUs. 
 
 (h) Appointment of Agent . By accepting the transfer of RSUs, Executive irrevocably nominates, constitutes, and appoints Fidelity as Executive s agent for purposes of surrendering or transferring the RSUs to the Corporation upon any forfeiture required or authorized by this Agreement. This power is intended as a power coupled with an interest and will survive Executive s death. In addition, it is intended as a durable power and will survive Executive s disability. 
 
 (i) Legal Representative . In the event of Executive s death or a judicial determination of Executive s incompetence, reference in this Agreement to Executive shall be deemed, where appropriate, to Executive s heirs or devises. 
 
 (j) Titles . The titles to sections or paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this Agreement is to be construed by reference to the title of any section or paragraph. 
 
 (k) Plan Governs . The RSUs are being transferred to Executive pursuant to and subject to the Plan, a copy of which is available upon request to the Corporate Secretary of the Corporation. The provisions of the Plan are incorporated herein by this reference, and all 
 6 

capitalized terms in this Agreement shall have the same meanings given to such terms in the Plan. The terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement will be administered, interpreted and construed in accordance with the Plan, and any such term or condition which cannot be so administered, interpreted or construed will to that extent be disregarded. 
 
 (l) Clawback Policy . Pursuant to Article 19 of the Plan, the RSUs are subject to any compensation recoupment policy adopted by the Corporation and are also subject to recovery under any applicable law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement. 
 
 (m) Complete Agreement . This instrument contains the entire agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes and replaces all prior agreements and understandings with respect to such subject matter. The parties hereto have made no agreements, representations or warranties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement which are not set forth herein or incorporated by reference. 
 
 (n) Amendment Modification Wavier . No provision set forth in this Agreement may be amended, modified or waived unless such amendment, modification or waiver shall be authorized by the Compensation Committee and shall be agreed to in writing, signed by Executive and by an officer of the Corporation duly authorized to do so. No waiver by either party hereto of any breach by the other party of any condition or provision set forth in this Agreement to be performed by such other party will be deemed a waiver of a subsequent breach of such condition or provision, or will be deemed a waiver of a similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same time or at any prior or subsequent time. 
 
 (o) Governing Law . The validity, interpretation, performance and enforcement of the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia, the state in which the Corporation is incorporated, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law of that state. 
 
 The Corporation has issued the RSUs in accordance with the foregoing terms and conditions and in accordance with the provisions of the Plan. By signing below, Executive hereby agrees to the foregoing terms and conditions of the RSUs. Executive must agree to the foregoing terms and conditions of the RSUs within 120 days of the Date of Grant, or the RSUs will be forfeited. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Executive has set Executive s hand and seal, effective as of the date and year set forth above. 
 7 

</EX-10.44>

<EX-14>
 6
 snv_12312023xfilingxex14.htm
 EX-14

Document 
 Exhibit 14 

 Synovus Financial Corp. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 Table of Contents Purpose 1 Scope 1 Policy 1 Responsibilities 9 Enforcement 9 Review and Revision 9 
 
 Purpose 
 Pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Compliance Standards of the New York Stock Exchange and the Securities and Exchange Commission, Synovus Financial Corp. and its subsidiaries (the Company have established the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code to cover a wide range of business practices and procedures. 
 
 Scope 
 This Code outlines basic principles to guide all employees and officers of the Company team members ). In addition, all members of the Company s Board of Directors (as well as local advisory directors) directors ), in regard to their Company duties, are responsible for conducting themselves in compliance with the applicable provisions of this Code. The Company desires to engage in and promote honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships, and to comply with all applicable laws. Team members and directors must conduct themselves accordingly and seek to avoid even the appearance of improper conduct. The Code will be provided to all team members and directors and should also be provided to the Company s agents and representatives, including business partners, vendors and consultants. 
 
 This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics has been developed broadly in order to be applicable to the entire Synovus family of companies. Many of our individual companies may also have their own, more specific Codes which will provide team members more detail. If the two Codes have similar provisions, team member conduct will be governed by the more restrictive provision. 
 
 If a local, state or national law conflicts with any policy in this Code, team members and directors must comply with the law however, if a local custom or policy conflicts with this Code, team members and directors must comply with the Code. 
 
 Policy 
 
 1. Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations 
 
 Obeying the law, both in letter and in spirit, is the foundation on which this Company s ethical standards are built. The financial services industry is subject to extensive regulation by a number of federal and state agencies responsible for the administration and enforcement of a variety of important statutes. The Company is committed to full compliance with these 
 Page 1 

statutes and the rules and regulations promulgated under them by the regulatory agencies. The Company will abide by the highest standards of integrity in our interaction with these agencies. All team members and directors must respect and obey the laws and all applicable rules and regulations of the cities, states and countries in which the Company operates. Although team members are not expected to know the details of each law, it is important to know enough to determine when to seek advice from supervisors, managers or other appropriate personnel. 
 
 This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and additional information is available to every team member online through the Team Member Guide as well as made available to new team members during their orientation. 
 
 2. Conflicts of Interest 
 
 All team members and directors should avoid any action or interest that conflicts or gives the appearance of a conflict with the Company s interests. A conflict of interest exists when a person s private interest interferes in any way with the interests of the Company. A conflict situation can arise when a team member or director takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her Company work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise when a team member or director, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position in the Company. 
 
 It is almost always a conflict of interest for a team member to work simultaneously for a competitor, customer or supplier. Team members are not allowed to work for a competitor as an employee, a consultant or a board member. Team members generally should avoid any direct or indirect business connection with the Company s customers, suppliers or competitors, except on behalf of the Company. For this purpose, business connection excludes the retail purchase of consumer goods at prices available to the general public and the ownership of investments of less than 1 of the outstanding equity securities of a publicly-traded company. 
 
 Conflicts of interest are prohibited as a matter of Company policy. Conflicts of interest may not always be straightforward. Team members or directors who have questions about potential areas of conflict should consult their supervisor or the Company s General Counsel s Office, as appropriate. 
 For more information, please refer to the Conflict and Your Job section of the Team Member Guide . 
 
 If you are aware of a conflict or potential conflict, you should bring it to the attention of your supervisor, manager or other appropriate personnel or consult the procedures described in Section 12 of this Code. 
 
 3. Insider Trading 
 
 Team members and directors who have access to confidential information are not permitted to use or share that information for stock trading purposes or for any other purpose except the conduct of the Company s business. All non-public information about the Company, its customers, business partners and vendors should be considered confidential information. To use non-public information for personal financial benefit or to tip others who might make an investment decision on the basis of this information is not only unethical but also illegal. The Company s Board of Directors has adopted an Insider Trading Policy that should be reviewed by all team members and directors. Team members or directors who have questions regarding insider trading should consult the Company s General Counsel s Office. 
 Page 2 

For more information, please refer to the Insider Trading section of the Team Member Guide . 
 
 4. Corporate Opportunities 
 
 Team members and directors are prohibited from taking for themselves personally, opportunities that are discovered through the use of corporate property, information or position. No team member or director may use corporate property, information, or position for improper personal gain, and no team member or director may compete with the Company directly or indirectly. Team members and directors have a responsibility to the Company to advance its legitimate interests when the opportunity to do so arises. 
 
 5. Competition and Fair Dealing 
 
 This Company seeks to outperform its competition fairly and honestly. The Company seeks competitive advantages through superior performance, never through unethical or illegal business practices. Stealing proprietary information, possessing trade secret information that was obtained without the owner s consent, or inducing such disclosures by past or present employees of other companies is prohibited. Each team member and director should endeavor to respect and deal fairly with the Company s customers, suppliers, competitors and their employees. No team member or director should take unfair advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts, or any other intentional unfair-dealing practice. 
 
 The purpose of business entertainment and gifts in a business setting is to create good will and sound working relationships, not to gain unfair advantage with customers. No gift or entertainment should ever be offered, given, provided or accepted by any Company team member, family member of a team member or agent unless it (1) is not a cash gift, (2) is consistent with customary business practices, (3) is not excessive in value, (4) cannot be construed as a bribe or payoff, and (5) does not violate any laws or regulations. 
 
 For more information, please refer to the Dealing Ethically with Customers and Suppliers and the Gifts and Gratuities sections of the Team Member Guide . 
 
 Please discuss with your supervisor any gifts or proposed gifts that you are not certain are appropriate. 
 
 6. Record-Keeping, Accounting, Auditing and Disclosure 
 
 The Company requires honest and accurate recording and reporting of information. 
 
 The Company has established internal control standards and procedures to ensure that assets are protected and properly used and that financial records and reports are accurate and reliable. All team members and directors share responsibility for maintaining and complying with required internal controls. 
 
 All financial reports, accounting records, auditing records, public disclosures, research reports, expense accounts, timesheets and other similar documents must accurately and clearly represent the relevant facts or the true nature of the transactions memorialized therein. Improper, fraudulent or misleading accounting, documentation or financial reporting is contrary to the Company s policy and may be in violation of applicable laws. 
 Page 3 

Records should always be retained or discarded according to the Company s record retention policies. In accordance with these policies, in the event of litigation or governmental investigation, consult the Company s General Counsel s Office. 
 
 Please see the procedures described in Section 13 of this Code to report complaints about the Company s accounting, internal controls or auditing matters or concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. You can report your concerns anonymously or confidentially. 
 
 7. Confidentiality 
 
 Team members and directors must maintain the confidentiality of confidential information entrusted to them by the Company or its customers, except when disclosure is authorized by the General Counsel s Office or required by laws or regulations. Confidential information includes all non-public information that might be of use to competitors, or harmful to the Company or its customers, if disclosed. It also includes information that suppliers and customers have entrusted to the Company as well as team member information. Team members and directors may access and use such confidential and proprietary business information, including information gained while performing their job duties and responsibilities, only for legitimate business purposes and under no circumstances for their personal gain or benefit or to the detriment of the Company. The obligation to preserve confidential information continues even after employment ends. 
 
 For more information, please refer to the Confidentiality section of the Team Member Guide . 
 
 8. Protection and Proper Use of Company Assets 
 
 All team members and directors should endeavor to protect the Company s assets and ensure their efficient use. Theft, carelessness and waste have a direct impact on the Company s profitability. Any suspected incident of fraud or theft should be immediately reported for investigation. Company equipment should not be used for non-Company business, though incidental personal use may be permitted. 
 
 The obligation of team members and directors to protect the Company s assets includes its proprietary information. Proprietary information includes intellectual property such as trade secrets, patents, trademarks and copyrights, as well as business, marketing and service plans, designs, databases, records, salary information and any unpublished financial data and reports. Unauthorized use or distribution of this information violates Company policy. It could also be illegal and result in civil or even criminal penalties. 
 
 9. Restrictions on Political Expenditures and Gifts No Payments to Government Personnel 
 
 Company resources may be used to make political contributions or for other political purposes only if permitted by law and authorized, in writing, by the Company s Executive Management. 
 
 The U.S. government has a number of laws and regulations regarding business gratuities that may be accepted by U.S. government personnel. The promise, offer or delivery to an official or employee of the U.S. government of a gift, favor or other gratuity in violation of these rules not only violates Company policy but could also be a criminal offense. State and local 
 Page 4 

governments, as well as foreign governments, may have similar rules. The Company General Counsel s Office can provide guidance in this area. 
 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act prohibits giving anything of value, directly or indirectly, to officials of foreign governments or foreign political candidates in order to obtain or retain business or secure an improper advantage. It is strictly prohibited to make illegal payments to government officials of any country. 
 
 For more information, please refer to the Foreign Practices section of the Team Member Guide . 
 
 10. Fair Dealing with Team Members 
 
 The Company believes that its strong reputation in the financial services industry is a direct result of the loyalty, commitment and efforts of its team members. The Company endeavors to provide team members with a positive and satisfying environment in which to work. Respect for colleagues and appreciation of the value of individuality are recognized as essential elements of a successful workplace. Open communication is encouraged at all levels. Discrimination or harassment based on age, race, creed, color, national origin, sex, gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation, marital status, religion, veteran status, gender identity, disability, citizenship, military service or obligation, genetic information or on any other basis prohibited by law is not tolerated . 
 
 For more information, please refer to the Our Commitment to You section of the Team Member Guide. 
 
 11. Waivers of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 Any waiver of this Code for team members or directors may be made only by the Board of Directors or the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board. Any such request for a waiver shall be in writing and shall be filed with the General Counsel s Office at least 45 days before the meeting of the Board of Directors or the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board at which such request is to be considered. Any such waiver will be promptly disclosed as required by law or stock exchange or other applicable regulation. 
 
 12. Speak Up Policy 
 
 Honesty and transparency are key to the success and foundational to our Code. We promote a culture that empowers you to voice concerns. If you know of or suspect a violation of the Code or any Company policy or legal requirement, you must report your concern promptly. By communication concerns, you play a critical role in protecting and promoting our ethical culture. 
 
 Team member concerns are defined as any reports, allegations, or complaints by or about a Company team member s activities or behaviors that may violate the following 
 
 Synovus Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 Synovus policies, procedures, standards, or guidelines or 
 Synovus Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Suppliers or 
 Synovus policies, procedures, standards, or guidelines or 
 Applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 Page 5 

If you see something that is unethical, illegal or does not look or feel right, Speak Up. You should discuss your concerns with your supervisor or discuss it with the Company s Human Resources Department. If that is not appropriate, or if you wish to remain anonymous, call (800) 240-1242, the Company s toll-free Helpline. The Helpline is administered by Global Compliance Services, an independent, third party administrator who assigns your call a unique identification number that you can refer to during any follow-up calls. The Helpline is staffed 24 hours a day, seven days a week for your convenience. In the case of directors, the General Counsel s Office should be contacted to report violations. 
 
 Our Non-Retaliation Policy 
 
 Reporting concerns takes courage. We want you to feel safe and heard. We do not tolerate retaliation for asking a question about the Code or what to do in a particular situation, participating in the investigation of a suspected violation of the law or the Code, or making a good faith report of your concerns. 
 
 Reporting in good faith does not have to mean you re right. It means you are providing truthful and accurate information about the concern you are raising. Acts of retaliation are violations of the Code and are not tolerated. If you experience or witness an act of retaliation, speak up. 
 
 Investigating Concerns 
 
 Synovus investigates reported concerns promptly and thoroughly and proactively works to protect the confidentiality of everyone involved. Reports of concerns are shared only with individuals who have business need to know. 
 
 Whistleblower Policy 
 
 A number of Federal and State laws protect individuals who in good faith report fraud, misconduct, violations of the law or other unethical conduct. Pursuant to such laws and the provisions of the Code and this policy, team members and other individuals who in good faith report such conduct are protected from any form of retaliation. In addition, any team member or other individual who participates in an investigation of such conduct is also protected from retaliation. For purposes of this policy, retaliation shall mean any direct or indirect detrimental action against an individual because they engaged in an activity protected by law or by the Code or this policy, including but not limited to termination of employment, discriminatory employment treatment, demotion, suspension, threats or harassment. Any team member or other individual who believes they have been retaliated against in violation of this policy should report their concerns to the Synovus General Counsel s office or to the Company s toll-free hotline at (800) 240-1242. 
 
 13. Ethics Resources 
 
 Ethical Decision-Making Tools 
 It is every team member s and director s responsibility to ensure prompt and consistent action against violations of this Code. However, in some situations it is difficult to know right from wrong. Since this Code cannot anticipate every situation that will arise, it is important to have a way to approach new questions or problems. The following are steps to keep in mind when making decisions about ethical issues 
 
 Make sure you have all the facts . In order to reach the right solutions, you must be as fully informed as possible. 
 Page 6 

Ask yourself What specifically am I being asked to do Does it seem unethical or improper This will enable you to focus on the specific question you are faced with and the alternatives you have. Use your judgment and common sense if something seems unethical or improper, it probably is. 
 
 Clarify your responsibility and role . In most situations, there is shared responsibility. Are your colleagues informed It may help to get others involved and discuss the problem. 
 
 Discuss the problem with your supervisor . This is the basic guidance for all situations. In many cases, your supervisor will be more knowledgeable about the question and will appreciate being brought into the decision-making process. Remember that, although your supervisor cannot waive the provisions of this Code, it is your supervisor s responsibility to help solve problems including, if appropriate, seeking additional assistance from other Company resources. 
 
 Seek help from other Company resources . In cases where it may not be appropriate to discuss an issue with your supervisor, where your supervisor is not sure of the answers to your questions, or where you do not feel comfortable approaching your supervisor with your questions, discuss it with the Company s Human Resources area. If that also is not appropriate, or if you wish to remain anonymous, call (800) 240-1242, the Company s toll-free Helpline. The Helpline is administered by Navex Global, formerly Pinkerton, an independent, third party administrator who assigns your call a unique identification number that you can refer to during any follow-up calls. The Helpline is staffed 24 hours a day, seven days a week for your convenience. 
 
 You may report ethical violations in confidence and without fear of retaliation . If you want your identity to be kept secret, your anonymity will be protected. However, in some circumstances the Company may not be able to conduct an effective investigation should you choose to remain anonymous. The Company does not permit retaliation of any kind against team members for good faith reports of suspected violations of the Code or any Company policy or legal requirement. 
 
 Always ask first, act later . If you are unsure of what to do in any situation, seek guidance before you act . 
 
 Additional Resources 
 
 The Synovus Ethics Office One Synovus Page provides links to training and additional resources. 
 
 Foreign Language Translations 
 
 You may obtain a foreign language translation of the Code by using Google Translate , a free third-party service provided by Google. Please be advised that we have no control over the features or the functionality of this service and cannot guarantee the accuracy or reliability of the information translated. 
 
 14. Supplemental Code of Ethics for Finance Professionals 
 
 This Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals applies to the principal executive officer of Synovus and all professionals serving in the Finance Divisions of Synovus and its majority- 
 Page 7 

owned subsidiaries. This Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals is intended to supplement the Synovus Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 
 The principal executive officer and all Finance Professionals will 
 
 (a) Engage in and promote honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships 
 
 (b) Take all reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of non-public information about Synovus or its subsidiaries and their customers obtained or created in connection with employment activities and to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of such information unless required by applicable law or regulation or legal or regulatory process 
 
 (c) Produce full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that Synovus files with, or submits to, the Securities and Exchange Commission and in other public communications made by Synovus 
 
 (d) Comply with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations and 
 
 (e) Promptly report any violation of this Code of Ethics for Finance Professionals to the General Counsel s Office or any of the parties listed in Synovus Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 
 The principal executive officer and all Finance Professionals are prohibited from directly or indirectly taking any action to fraudulently influence, coerce, manipulate or mislead Synovus independent public auditors for the purpose of rendering the financial statements of Synovus misleading. 
 
 The principal executive officer and all Finance Professionals will be held accountable for adherence to this Code of Ethics for Finance Professionals. Failure to observe the terms of this Code of Ethics for Finance Professionals may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. Violations of this Code of Ethics for Finance Professionals may also constitute violations of law and may result in civil and criminal penalties for you, your supervisors and or Synovus. 
 
 Accounting, Internal Controls or Auditing Matters 
 
 You may report complaints about the Company s accounting, internal controls or auditing matters or concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters to the Audit Committee by contacting the General Counsel s Office, or if you wish to remain anonymous, by calling the Company s toll free Helpline at (800) 240-1242. 
 
 All complaints will be referred to members of Synovus Audit Committee of the Board. 
 
 All complaints will be received and processed by the General Counsel s Office. 
 
 You can report your concerns anonymously or confidentially. 
 
 If you have any questions regarding the best course of action in a particular situation, you should promptly contact the General Counsel s Office. You may choose to remain 
 Page 8 

anonymous in reporting any possible violation of this Code of Ethics for Finance Professionals. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 The Policy Owner is responsible for 
 Development, implementation, and maintenance of the Policy in accordance with the Synovus Policy Management Policy 
 Defining, approving, and implementing processes and procedures and ensuring their consistency with the Policy 
 
 The Policy Governance Team should review the Policy to ensure it meets standards established in the Policy Management Policy. 
 
 Approval Authorities 
 Executive Risk Committee 
 Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee 
 
 Company Management is responsible for ensuring the Policy and associated standards, processes and procedures are properly communicated and understood within their respective organizational units. 
 
 Team Members, Contractors, Part-Time and Temporary workers, and those employed by others to perform work for Synovus are responsible for familiarizing themselves and complying with the Policy and the associated processes provided by Company management. 
 
 Enforcement 
 Failure to comply with the Policy and associated standards and processes can result in disciplinary actions which may include but not be limited to termination of employment and or legal action by Synovus. 
 
 Review and Revision 
 The Policy will be reviewed by the Policy Owner at least annually or upon significant changes in the law and will be approved by the appropriate committees annually per the Responsibilities section of this Policy. 
 Page 9 

</EX-14>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 snv_12312023xfilingxex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF SYNOVUS FINANCIAL CORP. 
 
 Ownership Percentage Name Place of Incorporation 100 Synovus Bank Georgia 100 Synovus Trust Company, National Association National 50 Sterling Place, L.L.C. Alabama 40 Orchid, LLC Alabama 100 The Summerton Inn, Inc. South Carolina 100 Global Financial Distributors, Inc. Georgia 49.99 Azalea Park Partners, LP Maryland 100 CB&T Special Limited Partner, L.L.C. Georgia 20 West End Redevelopment Partnership, L.P. Georgia 30 Tuscaloosa Riverfront Development, LLC Alabama 99.99 CB&T Housing Fund Investor, L.L.C. Georgia 99 Boston Capital Columbus Tax Credit Fund, A Limited Partnership Massachusetts 99.99 CB&T State Tax Credit Fund, L.L.C. Georgia 0.01 Ashton Avalon, LP Georgia 0.01 Baker Village Apartments I, LP Georgia 100 Synovus Equity Investments, Inc. Georgia 100 Synovus Special Limited Partner, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Union Hill, LLC Georgia 99.9 Union Hill Apartments, L.P. Alabama 100 Synovus Aspenwood Square, LLC Georgia 99.99 Aspenwood Square Apartments, LP Alabama 100 Synovus CAHEC CEF XXI, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus CAHEC SCPF 2017, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Stratford 25 2017, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus RJ SIF 2018, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Caroline Arms 2018, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus BC Federal Investor 2018, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Equipment Leasing, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus 42EP 2019, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Stratford 33 2019, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Harper Woods 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Liberty Hill 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Blythewood 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Woodstone 2020, LLC Georgia 
 As of December 31, 2023 

100 Synovus Viera 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Erath II 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Creekside 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Parc Hill 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Parc Hill II 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Sam Lane 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Farmington Hills 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Harmony 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Clinton Manor 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Friendship Court 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Newberry Arms 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Mango Terrace 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus St. Andrew 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Eastleigh 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Dothan I 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Amelia Village 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Columbia Village 2020, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Sulphur Springs 2021, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Hollywood 2021, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Ashlynn Ridge 2021, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Harwick 2021, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus NMTC 2021, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Lawson s Ridge 2021, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Park Towers 2021, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Northgate 2021, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Rossville 2021, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Archer Green 2021, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus POL 2021, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Alafaya 2021, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Marble Valley 2021, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Peppertree 2021, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Rollingwood 2021, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Legion Park 2021, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Wellington 2021, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus EMG 2021, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Highlands Kayne 2021, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Independence Landing 2022, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus West Point 2022, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Indigo 2022, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Pintail 2022, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Augustine 2022, LLC Georgia 
 As of December 31, 2023 

100 Synovus Crosswinds 2022, LLC Georgia 100 Maast, LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Austin Commons 2022, LLC Georgia 100 McMinn TN 2022, LLC Georgia 100 Evergreen AL 2022, LLC Georgia 100 Dry Creek AL 2022, LLC Georgia 100 Sterling Heights AL 2022, LLC Georgia 100 Mockingbird Alabama 2022, LLC Georgia 100 Westgate FL 2023, LLC Georgia 100 Brookhollow TN 2023, LLC Georgia 100 Watauga FL 2023, LLC Georgia 100 Hohenwald TN 2023, LLC Georgia 100 Cedar Terrace Alabama 2023, LLC Georgia 100 Sand Mountain AL 2023, LLC Georgia 100 Eutaw AL 2023, LLC Georgia 100 Gateway SC 2024, LLC Georgia 100 TW FL 2023, LLC Georgia 100 Chattahoochee Community Investment, LLC Georgia 100 CCI DHM Catoosa 2022, LLC Georgia 100 CCI State Hazel Park 2022, LLC Georgia 100 CCI Federal Hazel Park 2022, LLC Georgia 100 CCI Ashton 2022, LLC Georgia 100 CCI State DHM Catoosa 2023, LLC Georgia 100 CCI Federal DHM Catoosa 2023, LLC Georgia 100 CCI State DHM Macon 2023, LLC Georgia 100 CCI BSV 2023, LLC Georgia 100 CCI Gibson Park 2023, LLC Georgia 100 CCI State Gibson Park 2023, LLC Georgia 100 CCI Mountain Woods 2023, LLC Georgia 100 CCI Arbours 2023, LLC Georgia 100 CCI Creekstone 2023, LLC Georgia 5.07 ST GA Fund I LLC Georgia 5.6 ST GA Fund III LLC Georgia 100 Synovus Securities, Inc. Georgia 100 Broadway Asset Management, Inc. Georgia 60 Qualpay, Inc. Delaware 100 Banking Corporation of Florida Capital Trust Delaware 100 Synovus Georgia State Tax Credit Fund, LLC Georgia 77 JT Tax Credits, LLC Georgia 49.92 TTP Fund II, L.P. Georgia 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 snv_12312023xfilingxex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-188254, 333-227367, 333-255467, and 333-256210) on Forms S-8 and (Nos. 333-239013 and 333-266462) on Forms S-3 of our reports dated February 23, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Synovus Financial Corp. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 February 23, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 snv_12312023xfilingxex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Kevin S. Blair, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 of Synovus Financial Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 23, 2024 BY s Kevin S. Blair Kevin S. Blair Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 snv_12312023xfilingxex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Andrew J. Gregory, Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 of Synovus Financial Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 23, 2024 BY s Andrew J. Gregory, Jr. Andrew J. Gregory, Jr. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 11
 snv_12312023xfilingxex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 
 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, Kevin S. Blair, the Chief Executive Officer of Synovus Financial Corp. (the Company ), and Andrew J. Gregory, Jr., the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify that, to the best of their knowledge 
 (1) The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 23, 2024 BY s Kevin S. Blair Kevin S. Blair Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President Date February 23, 2024 BY s Andrew J. Gregory, Jr. Andrew J. Gregory, Jr. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation contained in such filing.) 

</EX-32>

<EX-97>
 12
 snv_12312023xfilingxex97.htm
 EX-97

Document 
 Exhibit 97 

 SYNOVUS FINANCIAL CORP. 
 
 MANDATORY CLAWBACK POLICY 

A. OVERVIEW 
 
 In accordance with the applicable rules of The New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual (the NYSE Rules ), Section 10D and Rule 10D-1 Rule 10D-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Board of Directors (the Board of Synovus Financial Corp. (the Company has adopted this Policy (the Policy to provide for the recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation from Executive Officers. All capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Section H, below. Each Executive Officer shall be required to sign and return to the Company the Attestation and Acknowledgement attached hereto as Exhibit A . 
 
 B. RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION 
 
 (1) In the event of an Accounting Restatement, the Company will reasonably promptly recover the Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received in accordance with NYSE Rules and Rule 10D-1 as follows 
 
 (i) After an Accounting Restatement, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee (the Committee shall determine the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received by each Executive Officer and shall promptly notify each Executive Officer with a written notice containing the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation and a demand for repayment or return of such compensation, as applicable. 
 
 (a) For Incentive-based Compensation based on (or derived from) the Company s stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the applicable Accounting Restatement 
 
 i. The amount to be repaid or returned shall be determined by the Committee based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the Company s stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-based Compensation was Received and 
 
 ii. The Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of such reasonable estimate and provide the relevant documentation as required to the NYSE. 
 
 (ii) The Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion, the appropriate means of recovering Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on the particular facts and circumstances, including the time and method of recoupment, which may include, without limitation (a) seeking reimbursement of all or part of any cash or equity-based award, (b) cancelling prior cash or equity-based awards, whether vested or unvested or paid or unpaid, (c) cancelling or offsetting against any planned future cash or equity-based awards, (d) forfeiture of deferred compensation, subject to compliance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (e) any other method authorized by applicable law or contract. Subject to compliance with any applicable law, the Committee may affect recovery under this Policy from any amount otherwise payable to the Covered Executive, including amounts payable to such individual under any otherwise applicable Company plan or program, including base salary, bonuses or commissions and compensation previously deferred by the Covered Executive . Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as set forth in Section B(2) below, in no 

event may the Company accept an amount that is less than the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation in satisfaction of an Executive Officer s obligations hereunder. 
 
 (iii) The Committee shall determine the repayment schedule for any Erroneously Awarded Compensation in a manner that complies with the reasonably promptly requirement set forth in Section (B)(1) hereof. The determination with respect to reasonably promptly recovery may vary from case to case and the Committee is authorized to adopt additional rules to further describe what repayment schedules satisfies this requirement. 
 
 (iv) To the extent that the Executive Officer has already reimbursed the Company for any Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received under any duplicative recovery obligations established by the Company or applicable law, it shall be appropriate for any such reimbursed amount to be credited to the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is subject to recovery under this Policy. 
 
 (v) To the extent that an Executive Officer fails to repay all Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company when due, the Company shall take all actions reasonable and appropriate to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation from the applicable Executive Officer. The applicable Executive Officer shall be required to reimburse the Company for any and all expenses reasonably incurred (including legal fees) by the Company in recovering such Erroneously Awarded Compensation in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence. 
 
 (vi) Recovery under this Policy with respect to an Executive Officer shall not require the finding of any misconduct by such Executive Officer or such Executive Officer being found responsible for the accounting error leading to an Accounting Restatement. 
 
 (2) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to take the actions contemplated by Section B(1) above if the Committee (which, as specified above, is composed entirely of independent directors) determines that recovery would be impracticable and any of the following two conditions are met 
 
 (i) The Committee has determined that the direct expenses paid to a third party to assist in enforcing the Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered. Before making this determination, the Company must make a reasonable attempt to recover the Erroneously Awarded Compensation, documented such attempt(s) and provided such documentation to the NYSE or 
 
 (ii) Recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of Section 401(a)(13) or Section 411(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
 
 C. DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS 
 
 The Company shall file all disclosures with respect to this Policy required by applicable U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings and rules . 
 
 D. PROHIBITION OF INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 The Company shall not be permitted to insure or indemnify any Executive Officer against (i) the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is repaid, returned or recovered pursuant to the terms of this Policy, or (ii) any claims relating to the Company s enforcement of its rights under this Policy. The Company shall not reimburse any Executive Officer for premiums on, or otherwise subsidize or pay for, an insurance policy that would cover such person s potential obligations under this Policy. Further, the Company shall not enter into any agreement that exempts any Incentive-based Compensation that is granted, paid or awarded to an Executive Officer from the application of this Policy or that waives the Company s right to recovery of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation, and this Policy shall supersede any such agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the Effective Date of this Policy). 

E. ADMINISTRATION AND INTERPRETATION 
 
 This Policy shall be administered by the Committee, and any determinations made by the Committee shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. 
 
 The Committee is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration of this Policy and for the Company s compliance with NYSE Rules, Section 10D, Rule 10D-1 and any other applicable law, regulation, rule or interpretation of the SEC or NYSE promulgated or issued in connection therewith. In administering this Policy, the Committee is authorized and directed to consult with the full Board or such other committees of the Board, such as the Audit Committee, as may be necessary or appropriate as to matters within the scope of such other committee s responsibility and authority. Subject to any limitation at applicable law, the Committee may authorize and direct any officer or employee of the Company to take any and all actions necessary or appropriate to carry out the purpose and intent of this Policy (other than with respect to any recovery under this Policy involving such officer or employee). 
 
 F. AMENDMENT TERMINATION 
 
 The Committee may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary. Notwithstanding anything in this Section F to the contrary, no amendment or termination of this Policy shall be effective if such amendment or termination would (after taking into account any actions taken by the Company contemporaneously with such amendment or termination) cause the Company to violate any federal securities laws, SEC rule or NYSE listing standard. 
 
 G. OTHER RECOVERY RIGHTS 
 
 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Executive Officers and, to the extent required by applicable law or guidance from the SEC or NYSE, their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. The Board intends that this Policy shall be applied to the fullest extent of the law. Any employment agreement, equity award agreement, compensatory plan or any other agreement or arrangement with an Executive Officer shall be deemed to include, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, an agreement by the Executive Officer to abide by the terms of this Policy . Any right of recovery under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Company under applicable law, regulation or rule or pursuant to the terms of any policy of the Company or any provision in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, compensatory plan, agreement or other arrangement. Nothing contained in this Policy, and no recoupment or recovery as contemplated by this Policy, shall limit any claims, damages or other legal remedies the Company or any of its affiliates may have against a Covered Executive arising out of or resulting from any actions or omissions by the Covered Executive. 
 
 H. DEFINITIONS 
 
 For purposes of this Policy, the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth below. 
 
 (1) Accounting Restatement means an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements (a Big R restatement), or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (a little r restatement) . 
 
 (2) Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation means all Incentive-based Compensation Received by an Executive Officer (i) on or after the Effective Date , (ii) after beginning service as an Executive Officer, (iii) who served as an Executive Officer at any time during the applicable performance period relating to any Incentive-based Compensation (whether or not such Executive Officer is serving at the time the Erroneously Awarded Compensation is required to be repaid to the Company), (iv) while the 

Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association, and (v) during the applicable Clawback Period (as defined below). 
 
 (3) Clawback Period means, with respect to any Accounting Restatement, the three completed fiscal years of the Company immediately preceding the Restatement Date (as defined below), and if the Company changes its fiscal year, any transition period of less than nine months within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years . 
 
 (4) Effective Date means October 2, 2023. 
 
 (5) Erroneously Awarded Compensation means, with respect to each Executive Officer in connection with an Accounting Restatement, the amount of Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation that exceeds the amount of Incentive-based Compensation that otherwise would have been Received had it been determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard to any taxes paid. 
 
 (6) Executive Officer means each individual who is currently or was previously designated as an officer of the Company as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act. For the avoidance of doubt, the identification of an executive officer for purposes of this Policy shall include each executive officer who is or was identified pursuant to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K or Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (7) Financial Reporting Measures means measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and all other measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures. Stock price and total shareholder return (and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from stock price or total shareholder return) shall, for purposes of this Policy, be considered Financial Reporting Measures. Such financial metrics as earnings per share, revenues, net income, return on average assets, and return on average tangible common equity shall also be considered Financial Reporting Measures, among others. For the avoidance of doubt, a Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented in the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the SEC. 
 
 (8) Incentive-based Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. 
 
 (9) NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 (10) Received means, with respect to any Incentive-based Compensation, actual or deemed receipt, and Incentive-based Compensation shall be deemed received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive-based Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive-based Compensation to the Executive Officer occurs after the end of that period. For the avoidance of doubt, Incentive-Based Compensation that is subject to both a Financial Reporting Measure vesting condition and a service-based vesting condition shall be considered Received when the relevant Financial Reporting Measure is achieved even if the Incentive-Based Compensation continues to be subject to the service-based vesting condition. 
 
 (11) Restatement Date means the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board or the officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, or (ii) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 
 
 Effective as of October 2, 2023. 

Exhibit A 
 
 ATTESTATION AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF MANDATORY CLAWBACK POLICY 

By my signature below, I acknowledge and agree that 
 
 I have received and read the attached Mandatory Clawback Policy (this Policy ). Any capitalized terms used in this acknowledgment without definition shall have the meaning set forth in the Policy. 
 I hereby agree to abide by all of the terms of this Policy both during and after my employment with the Company, including, without limitation, by promptly repaying or returning any Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company as determined in accordance with this Policy. 
 In the event of any inconsistency between the Policy and the terms of any compensation plan, program or agreement under which any compensation has been granted, awarded, earned or paid, the terms of the Policy shall govern. 

Signature 
 
 Printed Name 
 
 Date 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 syn-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 syn-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 syn-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 syn-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 syn-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

