<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240124_10-K_edgar_data_39368_0001437749-24-002024.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18869840</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>355683</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2353877</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7242706</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3937588</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4405521</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-24-002024.hdr.sgml : 20240124
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240124141925
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-24-002024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		126
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231202
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240124
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240124

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FULLER H B CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000039368
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ADHESIVES & SEALANTS [2891]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				410268370
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1202

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09225
		FILM NUMBER:		24555770

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 WILLOW LAKE BLVD
		CITY:			ST PAUL
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55110-5132
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6126453401

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 WILLOW LAKE BLVD
		CITY:			ST PAUL
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55110-5132

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-24-002024.txt : 20240124

10-K
 1
 ful20231202_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

ful20231202_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________ to _____________ 
 
 Commission file number: 
 
 H.B. FULLER COMPANY 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer 
 incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: none 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company or emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the Common Stock, par value 1.00 per share, held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 3, 2023 was approximat ely (b ased on the closing price of such stock as quoted on the New York Stock Exchange of 67.10 on such date). 
 The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s Common Stock, par value 1.00 per share, was as of January 17, 2024. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Part III incorporates information by reference to portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 11, 2024 . 

1

Table of Contents 

H.B. FULLER COMPANY 
 
 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 16 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 17 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 17 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 18 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 19 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 38 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 93 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 93 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 93 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 93 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 94 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 94 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 94 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 95 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 95 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 96 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 102 

Signatures 
 103 

2

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 H.B. Fuller Company was founded in 1887 and incorporated as a Minnesota corporation in 1915. Our stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the ticker symbol FUL. As used herein, H.B. Fuller, we," us, our, management or company includes H.B. Fuller and its subsidiaries unless otherwise indicated. Where we refer to 2023, 2022 and 2021 herein, the reference is to our fiscal years ended December 2, 2023, December 3, 2022, and November 27, 2021, respectively. 
 
 We are a leading worldwide formulator, manufacturer and marketer of adhesives, sealants and other specialty chemical products. Sales operations span 35 countries in North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific, India, the Middle East and Africa. Industrial adhesives represent our core product offering, which help improve the performance of our customers products or improve their manufacturing processes. Customers use our adhesives products in manufacturing common consumer and industrial goods, including food and beverage containers, disposable diapers, medical products, windows, doors, appliances, sportswear, footwear, multi-wall bags, water filtration products, insulation, textiles, automobiles, recreational vehicles, buses, trucks and trailers, marine products, solar energy systems, electronics and products for the aerospace and defense industries. In addition, we have established a variety of product offerings for residential, commercial and industrial construction markets, including sealing and waterproofing solutions for airports, roads, highways, bridges and utilities; pressure-sensitive adhesives, tapes and sealants for the commercial roofing industry; and level-setting products, ready-to-use grouts, mortars, and pressure sensitive adhesives that enable contractors and do-it-yourself consumers to quickly install flooring and tiling applications more reliably and efficiently. We also provide our customers with technical support and unique solutions designed to address their specific needs. 
 
 We have three reportable segments: Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives, Engineering Adhesives and Construction Adhesives. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (the MD A in Item 7 of this Annual Report for a description of our segment operating results. 
 
 Non-U.S. Operations 
 
 The principal markets, products and methods of distribution outside the United States vary with each of our regional operations generally maintaining integrated business units that contain dedicated supplier networks, manufacturing, logistics and sales organizations. The vast majority of the products sold within any region are produced within the region, and the respective regions do not import significant amounts of product from other regions. As of December 2, 2023, we had sales offices and manufacturing plants in 25 countries outside the United States and satellite sales offices in another 9 countries. 
 
 We have a Code of Business Conduct and detailed Core Policies that we apply across all of our operations around the world. These policies represent a set of common values that apply to all employees and all of our business dealings. We have adopted policies and processes, and conduct employee training, intended to ensure compliance with various economic sanctions and export controls, including the regulations of the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ). We do not conduct any business in the following countries that are subject to U.S. economic sanctions: Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and the Crimea region of the Ukraine. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Many of our markets are highly competitive. However, we compete effectively due to the quality and breadth of our adhesives, sealants and specialty chemical portfolio and the experience and expertise of our commercial organizations. Within the adhesives and other specialty chemical markets, we believe few suppliers have comparable global reach and corresponding ability to deliver quality and consistency to multinational customers. Our competition is made up generally of two types of companies: (1) similar multinational suppliers and (2) regional or specialty suppliers that typically compete in only one region or within a narrow geographic area within a region. The multinational competitors typically maintain a broad product offering and range of technology, while regional or specialty companies tend to have limited or more focused product ranges and technology. 

Table of Contents 

Principal competitive factors in the sale of adhesives and other specialty chemicals are product performance, supply assurance, technical service, quality, price and customer service. 

3

Table of Contents 

Customers 
 
 We have cultivated strong, integrated relationships with a diverse set of customers worldwide. Our customers are among the technology and market leaders in consumer goods, construction and industrial markets. We pride ourselves on long-term, collaborative customer relationships and a diverse portfolio of customers in which no single customer accounted for more than 10 percent of consolidated net revenue. 
 
 Our leading customers include manufacturers of food and beverages, hygiene products, clothing, major appliances, electronics, automobiles, aerospace and defense products, solar energy systems, filters, construction materials, wood flooring, furniture, cabinetry, windows, doors, tissue and towel, corrugation, tube winding, packaging, and tapes and labels. 
 
 Our products are delivered directly to customers primarily from our manufacturing and distribution facilities, with additional deliveries made through distributors and retailers. 
 
 Human Capital Resources and Management 
 
 Employees and Labor Relations 
 
 As of December 2, 2023, we have approximately 7,200 employees in 45 countries, including approximately 2,600 employees based in the U.S. Approximately 450 U.S. employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements with various unions. Approximately 750 employees in foreign countries are subject to collective bargaining agreements. Overall, we consider our employee relations to be good. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 
 The health and safety of our employees and anyone who enters our workplace is important, and we believe that nothing we do is worth getting hurt for. We have a strong environmental, health and safety program that focuses on implementing policies and training programs, as well as performing self-audits to enhance workplace safety. 
 
 Competitive Pay and Benefits 
 
 Our primary compensation strategy is Pay for Performance , which supports a culture of accountability and performance. Our compensation guiding principles are to structure compensation that is simple, aligned and balanced. We believe that these principles are strongly aligned with the strategic priorities of our business and our objective to deliver value for our shareholders. 
 
 We are committed to fair pay and strive to be externally competitive while ensuring internal equity across our organization. We conduct global pay equity assessments and compensation reviews, and when necessary, we take action to address areas of concern. 
 
 Quality, affordable health care is the foundation of the comprehensive benefits package we offer our employees. It is one of the tools we use to recruit and retain, and it is seen as the preferred benefit by most employees. Employees in the United States earning below 54,000 each year have 100 of their individual medical premiums covered by the Company in the form of a medical premium reimbursement. 

4

Table of Contents 

Results-Driven, Collaborative Culture 
 
 Our purpose is connecting what matters for all stakeholders and we go about this by winning the right way through our core values. We expect employees to act with integrity and hold each other accountable for our actions. We value our global team s diverse perspectives, backgrounds and experiences. We make daily, conscious choices to excel, by always bringing passion and creativity to our work, and by striving for innovation ethically and fairly. Our worldwide network of culture champions supports our focus on being At Our Best. Our communication on goals, targets and performance is frequent and transparent. We continue to leverage flexible work options available to employees who don't need our facilities to perform their jobs and this continues to enhance connections across the company, as well as with customers and external partners. This supports our desire to be first and fastest in finding solutions for customers and improving our overall effectiveness. Finally, we continue to take great pride in our focus on giving back to the communities in which we operate through the giving efforts of the H.B. Fuller Foundation and the thousands of employee volunteer hours each year. 
 
 I nclusion and Diversit y 
 
 As a global company, we currently have employees present in 45 countries around the world. We place strong value on collaboration and we believe that working together leads to better outcomes for our customers. This extends to the way we treat each other as team members. We strive to create an environment where innovative ideas can flourish by demonstrating respect for each other and valuing the diverse opinions, background and viewpoints of employees. We believe that diversity in our teams leads to new ideas, helps us solve problems and allows us to better connect with our global customer base. 
 
 We are taking specific actions to foster inclusion and diversity into our culture. Learning resources have been implemented to support greater awareness and understanding of the behaviors expected from employees. We have introduced employee networking groups, an expanded and enhanced mentoring program and focused development programs with the goal of creating meaningful opportunities for employees. We have adjusted our recruiting practices to ensure we are getting the right level of exposure to diverse candidates. 
 
 Talent Development 
 
 We recognize how important it is for our colleagues to develop and progress in their careers. We provide a variety of resources to help our colleagues grow in their current roles and build new skills, including online development resources focused on specific business imperatives with access to hundreds of online courses in our learning management system. We have implemented an innovative delivery method for leadership training to drive experiential learning and to increase access to leaders around the world. Individual development planning is a part of our annual goal setting process and people managers are expected to have regular discussions with employees to measure progress and make needed adjustments. We focus on getting employees into roles with greater responsibility and opportunities for advancement that are also aligned with their career path to facilitate development and maximize potential. Finally, we provide ambitious employees with short-term opportunities in unique assignments in addition to their current roles. These assignments support the employees development while also supporting company initiatives that are required to be resourced with talented employees. 
 
 Raw Materials 
 
 We use several principal raw materials in our manufacturing processes, including tackifying resins, polymers, synthetic rubbers, vinyl acetate monomer and plasticizers. We generally avoid sole source supplier arrangements for raw materials. 
 
 The majority of our raw materials are petroleum/natural gas-based derivatives, therefore the cost of crude oil and natural gas can impact the cost of our raw materials. Under normal conditions, raw materials are available on the open market. Prices and availability are subject to supply and demand market mechanisms. Raw material costs, including costs for unique or specialty chemicals used in the manufacturing of our products, are primarily determined by the balance of supply against the aggregate demand from the adhesives industry and other industries that use the same raw material streams. 

5

Table of Contents 

Patents, Trademarks and Licenses 
 
 Much of the technology we use in our products and manufacturing processes is available in the public domain. For technology not available in the public domain, we rely on trade secrets and patents when appropriate to protect our competitive position. We also license some patented technology from other sources. Our business is not materially dependent upon licenses or similar rights or on any single patent or group of related patents. 
 
 We enter into agreements with many employees to protect rights to technology and intellectual property. Confidentiality commitments also are routinely obtained from customers, suppliers and others to safeguard proprietary information. 
 
 We own numerous trademarks and service marks in various countries. Trademarks, such as H.B. Fuller , Swift , Advantra , Clarity , Earthic , Sesame , TEC , Foster , Rakoll , Rapidex , Full-Care , Thermonex , Silaprene , Eternabond , Cilbond , HydroArmor , K dispace , Weld Mount and TONSAN are important in marketing products. Many of our trademarks and service marks are registered. U.S. trademark registrations are for a term of ten years and are renewable every ten years as long as the trademarks are used in the regular course of trade. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Our investment in research and development creates new and innovative adhesive technology platforms, enhances product performance, ensures a competitive cost structure and leverages available raw materials. New product development is a key research and development outcome, providing higher-value solutions to existing customers or meeting new customers needs. Projects are developed in local laboratories in each region, where we understand our customer base the best. Platform developments are coordinated globally through our network of laboratories. 
 
 Through designing and developing new polymers and new formulations, we expect to continue to grow in our current markets. We also develop new applications for existing products and technologies, and improve manufacturing processes to enhance productivity and product quality. Research and development efforts are closely aligned to customer needs. We foster open innovation, seek supplier-driven new technology and use relationships with academic and other institutions to enhance our capabilities. 
 
 As climate change and other sustainability concerns become more prevalent, governmental and non-governmental organizations, customers and investors are increasingly focusing on these issues. We continue to monitor our markets to ensure we are developing the adhesives and sealants to support our customers responses to changing consumer demand, new product designs and upcoming regulatory and sustainability efforts. We invest significantly in innovation, research and expertise, which are crucial for the continuous extraction of value from our business strategy. This also facilitates the creation of new high-performance solutions that enable customers to improve their products and processes to better achieve their sustainability programs. 
 
 Regulatory Compliance 
 
 We comply with applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and workers' safety, including those required by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA and the European Union s ("EU") Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals REACH regulation. This includes regular review of and upgrades to environmental, health and safety policies, practices and procedures as well as improved production methods to minimize our facilities outgoing waste, based on evolving societal standards and increased environmental understanding. Expenditures to comply with environmental regulations over the next two years are estimated to be approximately 21.4 million, including approximately 0.9 million of capital expenditures. See additional disclosure under Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 Various legislation, regulations and international accords pertaining to climate change have been implemented or are being considered for implementation, particularly as they relate to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, such as the EU's Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive ("CSRD"), California s Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act and Climate Related Financial Risk Act, and similar regulations under consideration by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). These laws may directly impact the Company, however we have not determined the extent of potential disclosures or other reporting requirements. We continue to monitor the development and implementation of such legislation and regulations. We also continue to regularly report our sustainability efforts and metrics under the Global Reporting Initiative GRI framework and report our goals and progress in our annual Sustainability Report. 

6

Table of Contents 

The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA prohibits bribery of government officials to benefit business interests. We operate and sell our products in countries that are rated as high-risk for corruption, which creates the risk of unauthorized conduct by our employees, customs brokers, distributors or other third party intermediaries that could be in violation of the FCPA or similar local regulations. We comply with the FCPA s requirements to make and keep accurate books and records that accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. 
 
 We are also subject to and comply with increasingly complex privacy and data protection laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions. This includes the EU s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which enforces rules relating to the protection of processing and movement of personal data. The interpretation and enforcement of such regulations are continuously evolving and there may be uncertainty with respect to how to comply with them. Noncompliance with GDPR and other data protection laws could result in damage to our reputation and payment of monetary penalties. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Our operating segments have historically had lower net revenue in winter months, which is primarily our first fiscal quarter, mainly due to international holidays and the seasonal decline in construction and consumer spending activities. 

7

Table of Contents 

Information About Our Executive Officers 
 
 The following table shows the name, age and business experience for the past five years of the executive officers as o f January 16, 2024. Un less otherwise noted, the positions described are positions with the company or its subsidiaries. 

Name 
 Age 
 Positions 
 Period Served 

Celeste B. Mastin 
 55 
 President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Chief Executive Officer, PetroChoice Lubrication Solutions (leading lubricant distributor, providing solutions across the industrial, commercial and passenger vehicle customer segments) 
 December 2022 - Present March - December 2022 2018 - 2022 

Zhiwei Cai 
 61 
 Executive Vice President, Engineering Adhesives 
 August 2019 - Present 

Senior Vice President, Engineering Adhesives 
 February 2016 - August 2019 

Heather A. Campe 
 50 
 Senior Vice President, International Growth 
 December 2021 - Present 

Senior Vice President, Global Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives 
 August 2019 - November 2021 

Senior Vice President, Americas Adhesives 
 October 2016 - August 2019 

John J. Corkrean 
 58 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 May 2016 - Present 

James J. East 
 59 
 Executive Vice President, Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives 
 December 2022 - Present 

Senior Vice President, Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives 
 October 2021 - December 2022 

Vice President, Engineering Adhesives Americas and Global Director Automotive 
 April 2018 - October 2021 

Traci L. Jensen 
 57 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer 
 December 2022 - Present 

Vice President, Global Business Process Improvement 
 December 2019 - December 2022 

Senior Vice President, Global Construction Products 
 July 2016 - December 2019 

M. Shahbaz Malik 
 56 
 Senior Vice President, Construction Adhesives 
 December 2019 - Present 

Vice President and Business Leader, North America Distribution, Masonite International Corporation (global residential doors business) 
 2018 - 2019 

Gregory O. Ogunsanya 
 49 
 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 
 October 2023 - Present 

Vice President, Assistant General Counsel, Securities and Governance, Stanley Black Decker Inc. 
 June 2022 - September 2023 

Vice President Legal, Stanley Industrial, a division of Stanley Black Decker, Inc. (the world s largest tool company) 
 October 2020 - June 2022 

Vice President and Deputy General Counsel, Safety and Productivity Solutions, Honeywell International, Inc. 
 November 2019 - October 2020 

Vice President and General Counsel, Industrial Safety, Honeywell International, Inc. (advanced technology company that manufactures aerospace and automotive products; residential, commercial, and industrial control systems; specialty chemicals and plastics; and engineered materials) 
 October 2018 - November 2019 

Nathaniel D. Weaver 
 48 
 Senior Vice President, Human Resources 
 December 2022 - Present 

Vice President, Human Resources 
 March 2020 - December 2022 

Director, Human Resources 
 2017 - March 2020 

The Board of Directors elects the executive officers annually. 

8

Table of Contents 

Available Information 
 
 For more information about us, visit our website at: www.hbfuller.com. 
 
 We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC via EDGAR. Our SEC filings are available free of charge to the public on the SEC website at www.sec.gov and on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been filed with or furnished to the SEC. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 As a global manufacturer of adhesives, sealants and other specialty chemical products, we operate in a business environment that is subject to various risks and uncertainties. Below are the most significant factors that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Strategic and Operational Risks 
 
 Increases in prices and declines in the availability of raw materials have adversely affected, and could continue to erode, our profit margins, and could negatively impact our operating results. 
 
 In 2023, raw material costs made up appr oximately 75 percent of our cost of sales. Based on 2023 financial results, a hypothetical one percent change in our raw material costs would have resulted in a change in net income of approximately 13.3 million or 0.24 per diluted share. Accordingly, changes in the cost of raw materials, due to scarcity, supplier disruptions, inflation and for other reasons, can significantly impact our earnings. Raw materials needed to manufacture products are obtained from a number of suppliers and m any of the raw materials are petroleum and natural gas based derivatives. Under normal market conditions, these raw materials are generally available on the open market from a variety of producers. While alternate supplies of most key raw materials are available, supplier production outages may lead to strained supply-demand situations for certain raw materials. The substitution of key raw materials requires us to identify new supply sources, reformulate and re-test and may require seeking re-approval from our customers using those products. From time to time, the prices and availability of these raw materials may fluctuate, which could impair our ability to procure necessary materials, or increase the cost of manufacturing products. If the prices of raw materials increase in a short period of time, we may be unable to pass these increases on to our customers in a timely manner and could experience reductions to our profit margins. 
 
 We are at risk of cyber-attacks or other security breaches that could compromise sensitive business information, undermine our ability to operate effectively and expose us to liability, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 
 Increasingly, companies are subject to a wide variety of attacks on their networks on an ongoing basis. In addition to traditional computer hackers, malicious code (such as viruses and worms), phishing attempts, ransomware, employee theft or misuse, and denial of service attacks, sophisticated nation-state and nation-state supported actors engage in intrusions and attacks (including advanced persistent threat intrusions) and add to the risks to internal networks, cloud deployed enterprise and customer-facing environments and the information they store and process. Despite significant efforts to create security barriers to such threats, it is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate these risks. We, and our third-party software and service providers, have experienced and will continue to experience security threats and attacks from a variety of sources. 
 
 As part of our business, we store our data, including intellectual property, and certain data about our employees, customers and vendors in our information technology systems. Our security measures may be breached as a result of third-party action, including intentional misconduct by computer hackers, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise. Third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as usernames, passwords, or other information to gain access to our customers' data or our data, including our intellectual property and other confidential business information, or our information technology systems. In addition, given their size and complexity, our information systems could be vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, third-party vendors and/or business partners, or from cyber-attacks by malicious third parties attempting to gain unauthorized access to our products, systems or confidential information. 

9

Table of Contents 

We are subject to increasingly complex and evolving laws, regulations and customer-imposed controls, that govern privacy and cybersecurity. These laws and regulations have been adopted by multiple agencies at the federal and state level, as well as in foreign jurisdictions, and the regimes have not been harmonized. Our failure to comply with these regulatory regimes may result in significant liabilities or penalties. 
 
 If a third party gained unauthorized access to our data, including any data regarding our employees, customers or vendors, the security breach could expose us to risks. Such unauthorized access and a failure to effectively recover from breaches could compromise confidential information, disrupt our business, harm our reputation, result in the loss of customer confidence, business and assets (including trade secrets and other intellectual property), result in regulatory proceedings and legal claims, and have a negative impact on our financial results. 
 
 Our business and operations have been, and may in the future, be adversely affected by epidemics, pandemics, outbreaks of disease and other adverse public health developments. 
 
 Epidemics, pandemics, outbreaks of novel diseases and other adverse public health developments in countries and states where we operate may arise at any time. Such developments, including the COVID-19 pandemic, have had, and in the future may have, an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These effects include a potentially negative impact on the availability of our key personnel, labor shortages and increased turnover, temporary closures of our facilities or facilities of our business partners, customers, suppliers, third-party service providers or other vendors, and interruption of domestic and global supply chains, distribution channels and liquidity and capital or financial markets. In particular, restrictions on or disruptions of transportation, port closures or increased border controls or closures, or other impacts on domestic and global supply chains or distribution channels, could increase our costs for raw materials and commodity costs, increase demand for raw materials and commodities from competing purchasers, limit our ability to meet customer demand or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations or cash flows. Precautionary measures that we may take in the future intended to limit the impact of any epidemic, pandemic, disease outbreak or other public health development, may result in additional costs. In addition, such epidemics, pandemics, disease outbreaks or other public health developments may adversely affect economies and financial markets throughout the world, such as the effect that COVID-19 has had on world economies and financial markets, which may affect our ability to obtain additional financing for our businesses and demand for our products and services. The extent to which major public health issues impact our business and our financial results in the future will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. As a result, it is not possible to predict the overall future impact of major public health issues on our business, liquidity, capital resources and financial results. 
 
 We experience substantial competition in each of the operating segments and geographic areas in which we operate. 
 
 Our wide variety of products are sold in numerous markets, each of which is highly competitive. Our competitive position in markets is, in part, subject to external factors. For example, supply and demand for certain of our products is driven by end-use markets and worldwide capacities which, in turn, impact demand for and pricing of our products. Many of our direct competitors are part of large multinational companies and may have more resources than we do. Any increase in competition may result in lost market share or reduced prices, which could result in reduced profit margins. This may impair the ability to grow or even to maintain current levels of revenues and earnings. While we have an extensive customer base, loss of certain top customers could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations until such business is replaced, and no assurances can be made that we would be able to regain or replace any lost customers. 
 
 Failure to develop and/or acquire new products and protect our intellectual property could negatively impact our future performance and growth. 
 
 Ongoing innovation and product development are important factors in our competitiveness, as is acquisition of new technologies. Failure to create and/or acquire new products and generate new ideas could negatively impact our ability to grow and deliver strong financial results. We may face difficulties marketing products produced using new technologies including, but not limited to, sustainable adhesives, which may adversely impact our sales and financial results. Failure of the products to work as predicted could lead to liability and damage to our reputation. 
 
 We continually apply for and obtain U.S. and foreign patents to protect the results of our research for use in our operations and licensing. We are party to a number of patent licenses and other technology agreements. We rely on patents, confidentiality agreements and internal security measures to protect our intellectual property. Failure to protect this intellectual property could negatively affect our future performance and growth. 

10

Table of Contents 

Our operations may present health and safety risks. 
 
 Notwithstanding our emphasis on the safety of our employees and contractors and the precautions we take related to health and safety, we may be unable to avoid safety incidents relating to our operations that result in injuries or deaths. Certain safety incidents may result in legal or regulatory action that could result in increased expenses or reputational damage. We maintain workers' compensation insurance to address the risk of incurring material liabilities for injuries or deaths, but there can be no assurance that the insurance coverage will be adequate or will continue to be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which could result in material liabilities to us for any injuries or deaths. Changes to federal, state and local employee health and safety regulations, and legislative, regulatory or societal responses to safety incidents may result in heightened regulations or public scrutiny that may increase our compliance costs or result in reputational damage. 
 
 A failure in our information technology systems could negatively impact our business. 
 
 We rely on information technology to record and process transactions, manage our business and maintain the financial accuracy of our records. Our computer systems are subject to damage or interruption from various sources, including power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, vandalism, catastrophic events and human error. Interruptions of our computer systems could disrupt our business, for example by leading to plant downtime and/or power outages and could result in the loss of business and cause us to incur additional expense. 
 
 We are in the process of implementing a global Enterprise Resource Planning ERP system, including upgrading to SAP S/4HANA which is anticipated to occur at the beginning of fiscal 2025, that we refer to as Project ONE, which will upgrade and standardize our information system. Implementation of Project ONE began in our North America adhesives business in 2014 and, through 2023, we completed implementation of this system in various parts of our business including Latin America (except Brazil), Australia and various other businesses in North America and Europe, India, Middle East and Africa (EIMEA). During 2024 and beyond, we will continue implementation in North America; Europe, India, the Middle East and Africa ("EIMEA"); Brazil and Asia Pacific. 
 
 Any delays or other failure to achieve our implementation goals may adversely impact our financial results. In addition, the failure to either deliver the application on time or anticipate the necessary readiness and training needs could lead to business disruption and loss of business. Failure or abandonment of any part of the ERP system could result in a write-off of part or all of the costs that have been capitalized on the project. 
 
 Risks associated with acquisitions could have an adverse effect on us and the inability to execute organizational restructuring may affect our results. 
 
 As part of our growth strategy, we have made, and will likely continue to make, acquisitions of complementary businesses or products. The ability to grow through acquisitions depends upon our ability to identify, negotiate, complete and integrate suitable acquisitions. If we fail to successfully integrate acquisitions into our existing business, our results of operations and our cash flows could be adversely affected. Our acquisition strategy also involves other risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, greater than expected liabilities and expenses, inadequate return on capital, unidentified issues not discovered in our investigations and evaluations of those strategies and acquisitions, and difficulties implementing and maintaining consistent standards, controls, procedures, policies and systems. Future acquisitions could result in additional debt and other liabilities, and increased interest expense, restructuring charges and amortization expense related to intangible assets. 
 
 Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to further penetrate markets outside the United States, where there is the potential for significant economic and political disruptions. Our operations in these markets may be subject to greater risks than those faced by our operations in the United States, including political and economic instability, project delay or abandonment due to unanticipated government actions, inadequate investment in infrastructure, undeveloped property rights and legal systems, unfamiliar regulatory environments, relationships with local partners, language and cultural differences and increased difficulty recruiting, training and retaining qualified employees. 
 
 In addition, our profitability is dependent on our ability to drive sustainable productivity improvements such as cost savings through organizational restructuring. Delays or unexpected costs may prevent us from realizing the full operational and financial benefits of such restructuring initiatives and may potentially disrupt our operations. 

11

Table of Contents 

Macroeconomic Risks 
 
 Uncertainties in foreign economic, political, regulatory and social conditions and fluctuations in foreign currency may adversely affect our results. 
 
 Appr oximately 56 percent, or 2.0 billion, of our net revenue was generated outside the United States in 2023. International operations could be adversely affected by changes in economic, political, regulatory, and social conditions, especially in Brazil, Russia, China, the Middle East, including Turkey and Egypt, and other developing or emerging markets where we do business. An economic downturn in the businesses or geographic areas in which we sell our products could reduce demand for these products and result in a decrease in sales volume that could have a negative impact on our results of operations. Product demand often depends on end-use markets. Economic conditions that reduce consumer confidence or discretionary spending may reduce product demand. Challenging economic conditions may also impair the ability of our customers to pay for products they have purchased, and as a result, our reserves for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable may increase. In addition, trade protection measures, anti-bribery and anti-corruption regulations, restrictions on repatriation of earnings and cash, currency controls implemented by foreign governments, differing intellectual property rights and changes in legal and regulatory requirements that restrict the sales of products or increase costs could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Fluctuations and volatility in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies could potentially result in increases or decreases in net revenue, cost of raw materials and earnings and may adversely affect the value of our assets outside the United States. In 2023, the change in foreign currencies negatively impacted our net revenue by approximately 88.5 million. In 2023, we spent approximately 1.9 billion for raw materials worldwide of which approximately 1.0 billion was purchased outside the United States. Based on 2023 financial results, a hypothetical one percent change in our cost of sales due to foreign currency rate changes would have resulted in a change in net income of approximately 9.4 million or 0.17 per diluted share. Although we utilize risk management tools, including hedging, as appropriate, to mitigate market fluctuations in foreig n currencies, any changes in strategy in regard to risk management tools can also affect revenue, expenses and results of operations and there can be no assurance that such measures will result in cost savings or that all market fluctuation exposure will be eliminated. 
 
 Distressed financial markets may result in dramatic deflation of financial asset valuations and high interest rates may disrupt the availability of capital . 
 
 Adverse equity market conditions and volatility in the credit markets could have a negative impact on the value of our pension trust assets, our future estimated pension liabilities and other postretirement benefit plans. In addition, we could be required to provide increased pension plan funding. As a result, our financial results could be negatively impacted. 
 
 In a rising interest rate environment, more costly debt and reduced access to capital markets may affect our ability to invest in strategic growth initiatives such as acquisitions. In addition, the reduced credit availability could limit our customers ability to invest in their businesses, refinance maturing debt obligations, or meet their ongoing working capital needs. If these customers do not have sufficient access to the financial markets, demand for our products may decline. 
 
 The military conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and Israel and Hamas, and the global response to these events, could adversely impact our revenues, gross margins and financial results. 
 
 The U.S. government and other nations have imposed significant restrictions on most companies ability to do business in Russia as a result of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Increases in energy demand and supply disruptions caused by the Russia and Ukraine conflict have resulted in significantly higher energy prices, particularly in Europe. Further, in October 2023, a military conflict commenced between Israel and Hamas. It is not possible to predict the broader or longer-term consequences of these conflicts, which could include further sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, energy shortages, geopolitical shifts and adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, security conditions, currency exchange rates and financial markets. Such geopolitical instability and uncertainty could have a negative impact on our ability to sell to, ship products to, collect payments from, and support customers in certain regions based on trade restrictions, embargoes and export control law restrictions, and logistics restrictions including closures of air space, and could increase the costs, risks and adverse impacts from these new challenges. We may also be the subject of increased cyber-attacks. While the countries involved in these conflicts do not constitute a material portion of our business, a significant escalation or expansion of economic disruption or the conflicts' current scope could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

12

Table of Contents 

Catastrophic events could disrupt our operations or the operations of our suppliers or customers, having a negative impact on our financial results. 
 
 Unexpected events, including global pandemics, natural disasters and severe weather events, fires or explosions at our facilities or those of our suppliers, acts of war or terrorism, supply disruptions or breaches of security of our information technology systems could increase the cost of doing business or otherwise harm our operations, our customers and our suppliers. Such events could reduce demand for our products or make it difficult or impossible for us to receive raw materials from suppliers and deliver products to our customers. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 The impact of changing laws or regulations or the manner of interpretation or enforcement of existing laws or regulations could adversely impact our financial performance and restrict our ability to operate our business or execute our strategies. 
 
 New laws or regulations, or changes in existing laws or regulations or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement, could increase our cost of doing business and restrict our ability to operate our business or execute our strategies. In addition, compliance with laws and regulations is complicated by our substantial global footprint, which will require significant and additional resources to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations in the various countries where we conduct business. 
 
 Our global operations expose us to trade and economic sanctions and other restrictions imposed by the U.S., the EU and other governments and organizations. The U.S. Departments of Justice, Commerce, State, Homeland Security, and Treasury and other federal agencies and authorities have a broad range of civil and criminal penalties they may seek to impose against corporations and individuals for violations of economic sanctions laws, export control laws, the FCPA and other federal statutes and regulations, including those established by the OFAC. Under these laws and regulations, as well as other anti-corruption laws, anti-money-laundering laws, export control laws, customs laws, sanctions laws and other laws governing our operations, various government agencies may require export licenses, may seek to impose modifications to business practices, including cessation of business activities in sanctioned countries or with sanctioned persons or entities and modifications to compliance programs, including import restrictions, which may increase compliance costs, and may subject us to fines, penalties and other sanctions. A violation of these laws, regulations, policies or procedures could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Although we have implemented policies and procedures in these areas, we cannot assure that our policies and procedures are sufficient or that directors, officers, employees, representatives, manufacturers, suppliers and agents have not engaged and will not engage in conduct in violation of such policies and procedures. 
 
 Costs and expenses resulting from compliance with environmental laws and regulations may negatively impact our operations and financial results. 
 
 We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations that impose various environmental controls on us or otherwise relate to environmental protection, the sale and export of certain chemicals or hazardous materials, and various health and safety matters. The costs of complying with these laws and regulations can be significant and may increase as applicable requirements and their enforcement become more stringent and new rules are implemented. Adverse developments and/or periodic settlements could negatively impact our results of operations and cash flows. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings for a discussion of current environmental matters. 
 
 Climate change, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change, may materially adversely affect our financial condition and business operations. 
 
 Climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could present risks to our future operations from natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, wildfires or flooding. Such extreme weather conditions could pose physical risks to our facilities and disrupt operation of our supply chain and may increase operational costs. The impacts of climate change on global water resources may result in water scarcity, which could in the future impact our ability to access sufficient quantities of water in certain locations and result in increased costs. Concern over climate change continues to result in new legal or regulatory requirements designed to mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment, such as the EU's CSRD, California s Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act and Climate Related Financial Risk Act, and similar regulations under consideration by the SEC. We are experiencing increased compliance burdens and costs to meet the regulatory obligations and these regulatory obligations may adversely affect raw material sourcing, manufacturing operations and the distribution of our products. 

13

Table of Contents 

Our business exposes us to potential product liability, warranty, and tort claims, and recalls, which may negatively impact our operations, financial results, and reputation. 
 
 The development, manufacture and sale of adhesives, sealants, and other specialty chemical products by us, including products produced for the medical device, automotive, food and beverage, aerospace and defense, construction, and hygiene products end markets, involves a risk of exposure to product liability, warranty, and tort claims, product recalls, product seizures and related adverse publicity. A product liability, warranty, or tort claim or judgment against us could also result in substantial and unexpected expenditures, affect customer confidence in our products, and divert management's attention from other responsibilities. Although we maintain product liability insurance, there can be no assurance that the level of coverage is adequate, that coverage will apply, or that we will be able to continue to maintain our existing insurance or obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. We also have contracting policies and controls in place to limit our exposure to third party claims, though we might not always be able to limit our exposure to those claims. 
 
 We have lawsuits and claims against us with uncertain outcomes. 
 
 Our operations from time to time are parties to or targets of lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings, including product liability, personal injury, asbestos, patent and intellectual property, commercial, contract, environmental, antitrust, health and safety, and employment matters, which are handled and defended in the ordinary course of business. The results of any future litigation or settlement of such lawsuits and claims are inherently unpredictable, but such outcomes could be adverse and material in amount. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings for a discussion of current litigation. 
 
 The Company s effective tax rate could be volatile and materially change as a result of the adoption of new tax legislation and other factors. 
 
 A change in tax laws is one of many factors that impact the Company s effective tax rate. The U.S. Congress and other government agencies in jurisdictions where the Company does business have had an extended focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations. As a result, the tax laws in the U.S. and other countries in which the Company does business could change, and any such changes could adversely impact our effective tax rate, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD"), an international association of 38 countries including the United States, finalized and adopted numerous changes to long-standing tax principles. Certain of these changes become effective for the Company in 2025 and will likely increase tax uncertainty and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes. 
 
 Additional income tax expense or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could have a negative impact on our financial results. 
 
 We are subject to income tax laws and regulations in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and accruals for these taxes. Our income tax liabilities are dependent upon the location of earnings among these different jurisdictions. Our income tax provision and income tax liabilities could be adversely affected by the jurisdictional mix of earnings, changes in valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and changes in tax laws and regulations. In the ordinary course of our business, we are also subject to continuous examinations of our income tax returns by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final results of any tax examination or related litigation could be materially different from our related historical income tax provisions and accruals. Adverse developments in an audit, examination or litigation related to previously filed tax returns, or in the relevant jurisdiction s tax laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles and interpretations could have a material effect on our results of operations and cash flows in the period or periods for which that development occurs, as well as for prior and subsequent periods. The decision to repatriate foreign earnings could result in higher withholding taxes. 
 
 Financial Risks 
 
 We may be required to record impairment charges on our goodwill or long-lived assets. 
 
 Weak demand may cause underutilization of our manufacturing capacity or elimination of product lines; contract terminations or customer shutdowns may force sale or abandonment of facilities and equipment; or other events associated with weak economic conditions or specific product or customer events may require us to record an impairment on tangible assets, such as facilities and equipment, as well as intangible assets, such as intellectual property or goodwill, which would have a negative impact on our financial results. 

14

Table of Contents 

Our current indebtedness could have a negative impact on our liquidity or restrict our activities. 
 
 Our current indebtedness contains various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. Our overall leverage and the terms of our financing arrangements could: 

limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity, particularly if any ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating organizations were revised downward; 

make it more difficult to satisfy our obligations under the terms of our indebtedness; 

limit our ability to refinance our indebtedness on terms acceptable to us or at all; 

limit our flexibility to plan for and adjust to changing business and market conditions in the industries in which we operate and increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to make interest and principal payments on our debt, thereby limiting the availability of our cash flow to fund future acquisitions, working capital, business activities and other general corporate requirements; 

subject us to higher levels of indebtedness than our competitors, which may cause a competitive disadvantage and may reduce our flexibility in responding to increased competition; and 

expose us to interest rate risk since a portion of our debt obligations are at variable rates. This could negatively impact our earnings, cash flows and our ability to grow. For example, a one percentage point increase in the average interest rate on our floating rate debt at December 2, 2023 would increase future interest expense by approxim ately 5.3 milli on per year. 

In addition, the restrictive covenants require us to maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy other financial condition tests. Our ability to meet those financial ratios and tests will depend on our ongoing financial and operating performance, which, in turn, will be subject to economic conditions and to financial, market and competitive factors, many of which are beyond our control. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the instruments governing our indebtedness. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

15

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Propertie s 
 
 Principal executive offices and central research facilities are located in the St. Paul, Minnesota area. These facilities are company-owned. Manufacturing operations are carried out at 36 plants located throughout the United States and at 45 plants located in 25 other countries. In addition, numerous sales and service offices are located throughout the world. We believe that the properties owned or leased are suitable and adequate for our business. Operating capacity varies by product line, but additional production capacity is available for most product lines by increasing the number of shifts worked. The following is a list of our manufacturing plants as of December 2, 2023 (each of the listed properties are owned by us, unless otherwise specified): 

Segment 

Segment 

Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives 

Engineering Adhesives 

Argentina 
 Buenos Aires 2 

France 
 Surbourg 

Australia 
 Dandenong South 

Germany 
 Wunstorf 

Australia 
 Sydney 1 

Germany 
 Nienburg 

Brazil 
 Sorocaba 2 

Germany 
 Langelsheim 1 

Brazil 
 Curitiba 1 

Germany 
 Pirmasens 

Brazil 
 Guarulhos 

Italy 
 Pianezze 

Chile 
 Santiago 

People's Republic of China 
 Beijing 

Colombia 
 Rionegro 

People's Republic of China 
 Chongqing 1 

Egypt 
 6th of October City - 3rd Industrial Zone 2 

People's Republic of China 
 Nanjing - ShanXu Road 

Egypt 
 6th of October City - CPC Industrial Park 

People's Republic of China 
 Nanjing - Xinjinhu Road 1 

Finland 
 Valkeakoski 1 

People's Republic of China 
 Suzhou 

France 
 Blois 
 
 ` 
 People's Republic of China 
 Yantai 

Germany 
 Luneburg 

Portugal 
 Mindelo 

Germany 
 Frankfurt - Kilianst dter 1 

United Kingdom 
 Preston 1 

Germany 
 Frankfurt - Vibeler 1 

United States 
 California - Irvine 1 

Greece 
 Lamia 

United States 
 California - Wilmington 1 

India 
 Pune 

United States 
 Connecticut - Enfield 1 

Indonesia 
 Mojokerto 

United States 
 Georgia - Norcross 1 

Kenya 
 Nairobi 1 

United States 
 Georgia - Ball Ground 1 

Malaysia 
 Selangor 

United States 
 Illinois - Frankfort - Corsair 

New Zealand 
 Auckland 1 

United States 
 Illinois - Frankfort - West Drive 

People's Republic of China 
 Guangzhou 

United States 
 Indiana - South Bend 

Philippines 
 Manila 

United States 
 Massachusetts - Peabody 1 

Sweden 
 Landskrona 

United States 
 Michigan - Grand Rapids 

United Kingdom 
 Dukinfield 

United States 
 Minnesota - Fridley 

United Kingdom 
 Milton Keynes 1 

United States 
 Minnesota - Maple Grove 1 

United States 
 Georgia - Covington 

United States 
 New Hampshire - Raymond 1 

United States 
 California - Roseville 

United States 
 Ohio - Bellevue 1 

United States 
 Georgia - Tucker 

United States 
 Illinois - Seneca 

Construction Adhesives 

United States 
 Kentucky - Paducah 

Belgium 
 Antwerp 

United States 
 Ohio - Blue Ash 

Canada 
 Ontario - Toronto 1 

United States 
 Minnesota - Vadnais Heights 

Mexico 
 Coahuila 1 

United States 
 New York - Syracuse 1 

United Arab Emirates 
 Ras Al-Khaimah 1 

United States 
 North Carolina - Charlotte 

United Kingdom 
 Kirby in Ashfield 

United States 
 North Carolina - Hudson 

United Kingdom 
 Mansfield 1 

United States 
 South Carolina - Simpsonville 

United Kingdom 
 Staffordshire 

United States 
 Texas - Mesquite 

United Kingdom 
 Tibshelf 1 

United States 
 Washington - Vancouver 

United States 
 California - La Mirada 

United States 
 Florida - Gainesville 

United States 
 Georgia - Dalton 

United States 
 Illinois - Aurora 

United States 
 Michigan - Michigan Center 

United States 
 New Jersey - Edison 

United States 
 Ohio - Chagrin Falls 

United States 
 Texas - Houston 

United States 
 Texas - Mansfield 

1 Leased Property 
 2 Idle Property 

16

Table of Contents 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 From time to time, we become aware of compliance matters relating to, or receive notices from, federal, state or local entities regarding possible or alleged violations of environmental, health or safety laws and regulations. Also, from time to time, we are identified as a potentially responsible party PRP under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act CERCLA and/or similar state laws that impose liability for costs relating to the clean up of contamination resulting from past spills, disposal or other release of hazardous substances. We are also subject to similar laws in some of the countries where current and former facilities are located. Our environmental, health and safety department monitors compliance with applicable laws on a global basis. 
 
 Currently, we are involved in various environmental investigations, clean up activities and administrative proceedings and lawsuits. In particular, we are currently deemed a PRP in conjunction with numerous other parties, in a number of government enforcement actions associated with landfills and/or hazardous waste sites. As a PRP, we may be required to pay a share of the costs of investigation and clean up of these sites. 
 
 We are also engaged in environmental remediation and monitoring efforts at a number of current and former operating facilities. To the extent we can reasonably estimate the amount of our probable liabilities for environmental matters, we establish a financial provision. It is reasonably possible that we may have additional liabilities related to these known environmental matters. However, the full extent of our future liability for environmental matters is difficult to predict because of uncertainty as to the cost of investigation and clean up of the sites, our responsibility for such hazardous substances and the number of and financial condition of other potentially responsible parties. 
 
 While uncertainties exist with respect to the amounts and timing of the ultimate environmental liabilities, based on currently available information, we have concluded that these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flow. However, adverse developments and/or periodic settlements could negatively impact the results of operations or cash flows in one or more future periods. 
 
 Other Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time and in the ordinary course of business, we are a party to, or a target of, lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings, including product liability, personal injury, asbestos, contract, patent and intellectual property, environmental, health and safety, tax and employment matters. While we are unable to predict the outcome of these matters, we have concluded, based upon currently available information, that the ultimate resolution of any pending matter, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flow. However, adverse developments and/or periodic settlements could negatively impact the results of operations or cash flows in one or more future periods. 
 
 For additional information regarding environmental matters and other legal proceedings, see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

17

Table of Contents 

Part II. 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol FUL. As of January 17, 2024 , there were 1,268 common shareholders of record for our common stock. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Information on our purchases of equity securities during the fourth quarter of 2023 is as follows: 

Total Number of 

Approximate Dollar 

Shares 

Value of Shares that 

Total 

Purchased as 

may yet be 

Number of 

Average 

Part of a Publicly 

Purchased Under the 

Shares 

Price Paid 

Announced Plan 

Plan or Program 

Period 
 
 Purchased 1 

per Share 

or Program 

(thousands) 

September 3, 2023 - October 7, 2023 

16 

68.61 

- 

300,000 

October 8, 2023 - November 4, 2023 

70 

65.93 

- 

300,000 

November 5, 2023 - December 2,2023 

8 

75.41 

- 

300,000 

1 The total number of shares purchased are shares withheld to satisfy the employees' withholding taxes upon vesting of restricted stock. Repurchases of common stock are made to support our stock-based employee compensation plans and for other corporate purposes. Upon vesting of restricted stock awarded to employees, shares are withheld to cover the employees' minimum withholding taxes. 
 
 On April 7, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program of up to 300.0 million of our outstanding common shares for a period of up to five years. Under the program, we are authorized to repurchase shares for cash on the open market, from time to time, in privately negotiated transactions or block transactions, or through an accelerated repurchase agreement. The timing of such repurchases is dependent on price, market conditions and applicable regulatory requirements. Upon repurchase of the shares, we reduce our common stock for the par value of the shares with the excess being applied against additional paid in capital. This authorization replaces the April 6, 2017 authorization to repurchase shares. 

18

Table of Contents 

Total Shareholder Return Graph 
 
 The line graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock for the last five fiscal years with cumulative total return on the S P Small Cap 600 Index and Dow Jones U.S. Specialty Chemicals Index. This graph assumes a 100 investment in each of H.B. Fuller, the S P Small Cap 600 Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Specialty Chemicals Index at the close of trading on December 1, 2018, and also assumes the reinvestment of all dividends. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 
 Reserved. 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Overview 
 
 H.B. Fuller Company is a global formulator, manufacturer and marketer of adhesives and other specialty chemica l products. We have three reportable segments: Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives, Engineering Adhesives and Construction Adhesives. 
 
 The Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives operating segment manufactures and supplies adhesives products in the assembly, packaging, converting, nonwoven and hygiene, health and beauty, flexible packaging, graphic arts and envelope markets. The Engineering Adhesives operating segment provides high-performance adhesives to the transportation, electronics, clean energy, aerospace and defense, performance wood, insulating glass, textile, appliance and heavy machinery markets. The Construction Adhesives operating segment manufactures and provides specialty adhesives, sealants, tapes, mortars, grouts, and application devices for commercial building roofing systems, heavy infrastructure projects, road/highway/airport transportation applications, telecom/5G utilities, industrial LNG plants, building envelope applications, HVAC insulation systems, and for both residential and commercial flooring underlayment solutions. 
 
 Total Company 
 
 When reviewing our financial statements, it is important to understand how certain external factors impact us. These factors include: 

Changes in the prices of our raw materials that are primarily derived from refining crude oil and natural gas, 

19

Table of Contents 

Global supply of and demand for raw materials, 

Economic growth rates, and 

Currency exchange rates compared to the U.S. dollar. 

We purchase thousands of raw materials, the majority of which are petroleum/natural gas derivatives. The price of these derivatives impacts the cost of our raw materials. However, the supply of and demand for key raw materials has a greater impact on our costs. As demand increases in high-growth areas, the supply of key raw materials may tighten, resulting in certain materials being put on allocation. Natural disasters, such as hurricanes, also can have an impact as key raw material producers are shut down for extended periods of time. We continually monitor capacity utilization figures, market supply and demand conditions, feedstock costs and inventory levels, as well as derivative and intermediate prices, which affect our raw materials. With approximately 75 percent of our cost of sales accounted for by raw materials, our financial results are extremely sensitive to changing costs in this area. 
 
 The pace of economic growth directly impacts certain industries to which we supply products. For example, adhesives-related revenues from durable goods customers in areas such as appliances, furniture and other woodworking applications tend to fluctuate with the overall economic activity. In business components such as Construction Adhesives and insulating glass in Engineering Adhesives, revenues tend to move with more specific economic indicators such as housing starts and other construction-related activity. 
 
 The movement of foreign currency exchange rates as compared to the U.S. dollar impacts the translation of the foreign entities financial statements into U.S. dollars. As foreign currencies weaken against the U.S. dollar, our revenues and costs decrease as the foreign currency-denominated financial statements translate into fewer U.S. dollars. The fluctuations of the Euro, Chinese renminbi, British pound sterling, Egyptian pound, Turkish lira, Brazilian real, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar and Mexican peso against the U.S. dollar have the largest impact on our financial results as compared to all other currencies. In 2023 , currency fluctuations had a negative i mpact on net revenue of approximately 88.5 million as compared to 2022. 
 
 K ey financial results and transactions for 2023 included the following: 

Net revenue decreased 6.4 percent from 2022 primarily driven by an 8.4 percent decrease in sales volume and a 2.4 percent decrease due to currency fluctuations, partially offset by a 3.3 percent increase due to acquisitions and 2.9 percent increase in product pricing. Additionally, in 2022, we had a 53-week year compared to a 52-week year in 2023, and 2023 revenue was lower by 1.8 percent due to the extra week in 2022. 

Gross profit margin increased to 28.7 percent in 2023 from 25.7 percent in 2022, due to an increase in product pricing and lower raw material costs partially offset by the impact of lower sales volume. 

Cash flow generated by operating activities was 378.4 million in 2023 as compared to 256.5 million in 2022. 

Our total year organic revenue growth, which we define as the combined variances from sales volume and product pricing, decreased 5.5 percent for 2023 compared to 2022 due to a decrease in sales volume, partially offset by an increase in product pricing. 
 
 In 2023 , our diluted earnings per share was 2.59 compared to 3.26 in 2022 . The lower earnings per share in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to lower net revenue, higher operating costs, interest expense and income tax expense, partially offset by lower raw material costs. 
 
 Information pertaining to fiscal year 2021 was included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 3, 2022, under Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations, which was filed with the SEC on January 24, 2023. 
 
 Project ONE 
 
 In December 2012, our Board of Directors approved a multi-year project to replace and enhance our existing core information technology platforms. The scope for this project includes most of the basic transaction processing for the company including customer orders, procurement, manufacturing and financial reporting. The project envisions harmonized business processes for all of our operating segments supported with one standard software configuration. The execution of this project, which we refer to as Project ONE, is being supported by internal resources and consulting services. Implementation of Project ONE began in our North America adhesives business in 2014 and, through 2023, we completed implementation of this system in various parts of our business including Latin America (except Brazil), Australia, and various other businesses in North America and EIMEA. During 2024 and beyond, we will continue implementation in North America, EIMEA, Brazil and Asia Pacific. 

20

Table of Contents 

Total expenditures for Project ONE are estimated to be 240 to 260 million, of which 60-65 is expected to be capital expenditures. Our total project-to-date expenditures are approximatel y 200 million, of which approximately 120 million are capital expenditures. Given the complexity of the implementation, the total investment to complete the project may exceed our estimate. 
 
 Restructuring Plans 
 
 During the second and third quarters of 2023, the Company approved restructuring plans (the Plans related to organizational changes and other actions to optimize operations and integrate acquired businesses. In implementing the Plans, the Company currently expects to incur costs of approximately 39.1 million to 44.1 million 30.4 million to 34.4 million after-tax), which include (i) cash expenditures of approximately 28.4 million to 29.6 million 22.0 million to 23.0 million after-tax) for severance and related employee costs globally and (ii) other restructuring costs related to the streamlining of processes and the payment of anticipated income taxes in certain jurisdictions related to the Plans. We have incurred costs of 27.0 million under the Plans as of December 2, 2023. The Plans began to be implemented in the second quarter of fiscal year 2023 and are currently expected to be completed during fiscal year 2026. The restructuring costs will be spread across the next several fiscal quarters as the measures are implemented with the majority of the charges recognized and cash payments occurring in fiscal 2023 and 2024. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates 
 
 Management s discussion and analysis of our results of operations and financial condition are based upon the Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We believe the critical accounting policies and areas that require the most significant judgments and estimates to be used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements relate to goodwill impairment; pension and other postretirement assumptions; long-lived assets recoverability; valuation of product, environmental and other litigation liabilities; valuation of deferred tax assets and accuracy of tax contingencies; and valuation of acquired assets and liabilities. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Goodwill is the excess of cost of an acquired entity over the amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a purchase business combination. Goodwill is allocated to our reporting units, which are our operating segments or one level below our operating segments (the component level). Reporting units are determined by the discrete financial information available for the component and whether it is regularly reviewed by segment management. Components are aggregated into a single reporting unit if they share similar economic characteristics. Our reporting units are as follows: Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives, Engineering Adhesives and Construction Adhesives. 
 
 We evaluate our goodwill for impairment annually at the beginning of the fourth quarter or earlier upon the occurrence of substantive unfavorable changes in economic conditions, industry trends, costs, cash flows, or ongoing declines in market capitalization. The quantitative impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, the assignment of assets, liabilities and goodwill to reporting units, and the determination of fair value of each reporting unit. The impairment test requires the comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. In performing the impairment test, we determined the fair value of our reporting units through the income approach by using discounted cash flow DCF analyses. Determining fair value requires the Company to make judgments about appropriate forecasted revenue and related revenue growth rate, the earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") margins rate and the weighted average cost of capital. The cash flows employed in the DCF analysis for each reporting unit are based on the reporting unit's budget, long-term business plan and recent operating performance. Discount rate assumptions are based on an assessment of the risk inherent in the future cash flows of the respective reporting unit and market conditions. Given the inherent uncertainty in determining the assumptions underlying a DCF analysis, actual results may differ from those used in our valuations. In assessing the reasonableness of the determined fair values, we also reconciled the aggregate determined fair value of the Company to the Company's market capitalization, which, at the date of our 2023 impairment test, included a 26 percent control premium. 

21

Table of Contents 

For the 2023 impairment test, the fair value of the reporting units exceeded the respective carrying values by 8 percent to 140 percent. Significant assumptions used in the DCF analysis included discount rates that ranged from 10.1 percent to 12.3 percent and long-term revenue growth rates. The Construction Adhesives reporting unit, with 432.8 million of goodwill assigned to it as of December 2, 2023, exceeded the respective carrying value by 8 percent. An increase in the discount rate of 10 basis points or a decrease in the long-term growth rates of 10 percent would result in the fair value of the Construction Adhesives reporting unit falling below its carrying value. The Engineering Adhesives and Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives reporting units had significant fair value in excess of carrying value. 
 
 Management will continue to monitor these reporting units for changes in the business environment that could impact recoverability. The recoverability of goodwill is dependent upon the continued growth of cash flows from our business activities. If the economy or business environment falter and we are unable to achieve our assumed revenue growth rates or profit margin percentages, our projections used would need to be remeasured, which could impact the carrying value of our goodwill in one or more of our reporting units. Most significantly, for our Construction Adhesives reporting unit, a decrease in the planned volume revenue growth would negatively impact the fair value of the reporting unit and the calculation of excess carrying value. 
 
 See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding goodwill. 
 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Plan Assumptions 
 
 We sponsor defined-benefit pension plans in both the U.S. and non-U.S. entities. Also in the U.S., we sponsor other postretirement plans for health care and life insurance benefits. Expenses and liabilities for the pension plans and other postretirement plans are actuarially calculated. These calculations are based on our assumptions related to the discount rate, expected return on assets, projected salary increases and health care cost trend rates. Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements includes disclosure of assumptions employed in these measurements for both the non-U.S. and U.S. plans. 
 
 The discount rate assumption is determined using an actuarial yield curve approach, which results in a discount rate that reflects the characteristics of the plan. The approach identifies a broad population of corporate bonds that meet the quality and size criteria for the particular plan. We use this approach rather than a specific index that has a certain set of bonds that may or may not be representative of the characteristics of our particular plan. A higher discount rate reduces the present value of the pension obligations. The discount rate for the U.S. pension plan was 5.66 percent at December 2, 2023, 5.36 percent at December 3, 2022 and 2.76 percent at November 27, 2021. Net periodic pension cost for a given fiscal year is based on assumptions developed at the end of the previous fiscal year. A discount rate change of 0.5 percentage points at December 2, 2023 would impact U.S. pension and other postretirement plan (income) expense by 0.1 million (pre-tax) in fiscal 2024. Discount rates for non-U.S. plans are determined in a manner consistent with the U.S. plans. 
 
 The expected long-term rat e of return on plan assets assumption for the U.S. pension plan was 7.75 percent in 2023 , 7.00 percent in 2022 and 7.25 percent in 2021 . Our expected long-term rate of return on U.S. plan assets was based on our target asset allocation assumption of 55 percent equities and 45 percent fixed-income. Management, in conjunction with our external financial advisors, determines the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets by considering the expected future returns and volatility levels for each asset class that are based on historical returns and forward looking observations. For 2023 , the expected long-term rate of return on the target equities allocation was 8.50 percent and the expected long-term rate of return on the target fixed-income allocation was 5.60 percent. The total plan rate of return assumption included an estimate of the effect of diversification and the plan expense. A change of 0.5 percentage points for the expected return on assets assumption would impact U.S. net pension and other postretirement plan expense by approximately 2.3 million (pre-tax). 
 
 Management, in conjunction with our external financial advisors, uses the actual historical rates of return of the asset categories to assess the reasonableness of the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. The most recent 10-year and 20-year historical equity returns are shown in the table below. Our expected rate of return on our total portfolio is consistent with the historical patterns observed over longer time frames. 

Total 

Fixed 

U.S. Pension Plan Historical Actual Rates of Return 
 
 Portfolio 

Equities 

Income 

10-year period 

5.4 

6.9 

3.4 

20-year period 

6.5 

7.1 

5.5 

Beginning in 2022, our target allocation migrated from 60 percent equities and 40 percent fixed-income to 55 percent equities and 45 percent fixed income. The historical actual rate of return for the fixed income of 5.5 percent is since inception (17 years, 11 months). 

22

Table of Contents 

The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption for non-U.S. pension plans was a weighted-average of 5.02 percent in 2023 compared to 3.49 percent in 2022 and 6.15 percent in 2021. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption used in each non-U.S. plan is determined on a plan-by-plan basis for each local jurisdiction and is based on expected future returns for the investment mix of assets currently in the portfolio for that plan. Management, in conjunction with our external financial advisors, develops expected rates of return for each plan, considers expected long-term returns for each asset category in the plan, reviews expectations for inflation for each local jurisdiction, and estimates the effect of active management of the plan s assets. Our largest non-U.S. pension plans are in the United Kingdom and Germany. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets for the United Kingdom was 4.50 percent and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets for Germany was 5.50 percent. Management, in conjunction with our external financial advisors, uses actual historical returns of the asset portfolio to assess the reasonableness of the expected rate of return for each plan. 
 
 The projected salary increase assumption is based on historic trends and comparisons to the external market. Higher rates of increase result in higher pension expenses. As this rate is also a long-term expected rate, it is less likely to change on an annual basis . Under the U.S. pension plan, the compensation amount was locked-in as of May 31, 2011 and thus the benefit no longer includes compensation increases. Projected salary increase assumptions for non-U.S. plans are determined in a manner consistent with the U.S. plans. 
 
 Recoverability of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 The assessment of the recoverability of long-lived assets reflects our assumptions and estimates. Factors that we must estimate when performing impairment tests include sales volume, prices, inflation, currency exchange rates, tax rates and capital spending. Significant judgment is involved in estimating these factors, and they include inherent uncertainties. The measurement of the recoverability of these assets is dependent upon the accuracy of the assumptions used in making these estimates and how the estimates compare to the eventual future operating performance of the specific businesses to which the assets are attributed. 
 
 Judgments made by us include the expected useful lives of long-lived assets. The ability to realize undiscounted cash flows in excess of the carrying amounts of such assets is affected by factors such as the ongoing maintenance and improvement of the assets, changes in economic conditions and changes in operating performance. 
 
 Product, Environmental and Other Litigation Liabilities 
 
 As disclosed in Item 3. Legal Proceedings and in Note 1 and Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we are subject to various claims, lawsuits and other legal proceedings. Reserves for loss contingencies associated with these matters are established when it is determined that a liability is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The assessment of the probable liabilities is based on the facts and circumstances known at the time that the financial statements are being prepared. For cases in which it is determined that a liability is probable but only a range for the potential loss exists, the minimum amount of the range is recorded and subsequently adjusted as better information becomes available. 
 
 For cases in which insurance coverage is available, the gross amount of the estimated liabilities is accrued, and a receivable is recorded for any probable estimated insurance recoveries. A discussion of environmental, product and other litigation liabilities is disclosed in Item 3. Legal Proceedings and Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Based upon currently available facts, we do not believe that the ultimate resolution of any pending legal proceeding, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our long-term financial condition. However, adverse developments and/or periodic settlements could negatively affect our results of operations or cash flows in one or more future quarters. 
 
 Income Tax Accounting 
 
 As part of the process of preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, we are required to estimate income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. The process involves estimating actual current tax expense along with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for book and tax purposes. These temporary differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more-likely-than-not to be realized. We have considered future taxable income and ongoing tax planning strategies in assessing the need for the valuation allowance. Increases in the valuation allowance result in additional expense to be reflected within the tax provision in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets totaled 15.6 million as of December 2, 2023, and 14.4 million as of December 3, 2022. 

23

Table of Contents 

We recognize tax benefits for tax positions for which it is more-likely-than-not that the tax position will be sustained by the applicable tax authority at the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. We do not recognize a financial statement benefit for a tax position that does not meet the more-likely-than-not threshold. We believe that our liabilities for income taxes reflect the most likely outcome. It is difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of the resolution of any particular tax position. Future changes in judgment related to the resolution of tax positions will impact earnings in the quarter of such change. We adjust our income tax liabilities related to tax positions in light of changing facts and circumstances. Settlement with respect to a tax position would usually require cash. Based upon our analysis of tax positions taken on prior year returns and expected tax positions to be taken for the current year tax returns, we have identified gross uncertain tax positions of 14.3 million as of December 2, 2023 and 17.6 million as of December 3, 2022. 
 
 We have not recorded U.S. deferred income taxes for certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries undistributed earnings as such amounts are intended to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S. Should we change our business strategies related to these non-U.S. subsidiaries, additional U.S. tax liabilities could be incurred. It is not practical to estimate the amount of these additional tax liabilities. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on income tax accounting. 
 
 Acquisition Accounting 
 
 As we enter into business combinations, we perform acquisition accounting requirements including the following: 

Identifying the acquirer, 

Determining the acquisition date, 

Recognizing and measuring the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed, and 

Recognizing and measuring goodwill or a gain from a bargain purchase. 

We complete valuation procedures and record the resulting fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities based upon the valuation of the business enterprise and the tangible and intangible assets acquired. Enterprise value allocation methodology requires management to make assumptions and apply judgment to estimate the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If estimates or assumptions used to complete the enterprise valuation and estimates of the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities significantly differed from assumptions made, the resulting difference could materially affect the fair value of net assets. 
 
 The calculation of the fair value of the tangible assets, including property, plant and equipment, utilizes the cost approach, which computes the cost to replace the asset, less accrued depreciation resulting from physical deterioration, functional obsolescence and external obsolescence. The calculation of the fair value of the identified intangible assets are determined using cash flow models following the income approach or a discounted market-based methodology approach. Significant inputs include estimated revenue growth rates, gross margins, operating expenses, and estimated attrition, royalty and discount rates. Goodwill is recorded as the difference in the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities and the purchase price. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Net revenue 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2023 vs 2022 

Net revenue 

3,510.9 

3,749.2 

(6.4) 

24

Table of Contents 

We review variances in net revenue in terms of changes related to sales volume and product pricing (referred to as organic revenue growth), business acquisitions and divestitures (M A) and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The following table shows the net revenue variance analysis for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022: 

2023 vs 2022 

Organic revenue growth 

(5.5) 

Extra week in 2022 (53-week year) 

(1.8) 

M A 

3.3 

Currency 

(2.4) 

Net revenue growth 

(6.4) 

Organic revenue decreased 5.5 percent in 2023 compared to 2022 and consisted of an 11.0 percent decrease in Construction Adhesives, a 5.1 percent decrease in Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives and a 4.2 percent decrease in Engineering Adhesives. The decrease is driven by a decrease in sales volume, partially offset by an increase in product pricing. The 3.3 percent increase from M A is due to acquisitions that occurred during the year. The negative 2.4 percent currency impact was primarily driven by a weaker Egyptian pound, Chinese renminbi, Turkish lira and Argentinian peso offset by a stronger Euro and Mexican peso compared to the U.S. d ollar. Additionally, net revenue in 2023 was lower than 2022 by 1.8 percent from an additional week of revenue in 2022 as it was a 53-week fiscal year compared to a 52-week fiscal year in 2023. 
 
 Cost of sales 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2023 vs 2022 

Cost of sales 

2,502.0 

2,785.5 

(10.2) 

Percent of net revenue 

71.3 

74.3 

Cost of sales in 2023 compared to 2022 decreased 300 basis points as a percentage of net revenue. Lower raw material costs and higher product pricing partially offset by the impact of lower sales volume led to the decrease. 
 
 Gross profit 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2023 vs 2022 

Gross profit 

1,008.9 

963.7 

4.7 

Percent of net revenue 

28.7 

25.7 

Gross profit in 2023 increased 4.7 percent and gross profit margin increased 300 basis points compared to 2022. The increase in gross profit margin was primarily due to lower raw material costs and higher product pricing partially offset by the impact of lower sales volume. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative (SG A) expenses 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2023 vs 2022 

SG A 

653.8 

641.0 

2.0 

Percent of net revenue 

18.6 

17.1 

SG A expenses for 2023 increased 12.8 million, or 2.0 percent compared to 2022. The increase is due to higher restructuring and acquisition project costs and the impact of acquisitions. SG A expenses as a percent of revenue increased by 150 basis points compared to the prior year due to lower net revenue and higher restructuring and acquisition project costs. 

25

Table of Contents 

Other income, net 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Other income, net 

9.8 

12.9 

Other income, net in 2023 included 20.3 million of net defined benefit pension benefits and 1.2 of other income, partially offset by 11.6 million of currency transaction losses and a 0.1 million loss on disposal of assets. Other income, net in 2022 included 26.8 million of net defined benefit pension benefits and a 1.4 million gain on disposal of assets, partially offset by 12.9 million of currency transaction losses and 2.4 of other expense. The 26.8 million of net defined benefit pension benefits for 2022 included a 3.3 million settlement loss related to the termination of our Canadian defined benefit pension plan. 
 
 Interest expense 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Interest expense 

134.6 

91.5 

Interest expense was 134.6 million and 91.5 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively, and was higher primarily due to higher debt balances and higher interest rates. We capitalized 1.8 million and 1.5 million of interest expense in 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Interest income 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Interest income 

3.9 

7.8 

Interest income in 2023 and 2022 was 3.9 million and 7.8 million, respectively, consisting primarily of interest on cross-currency swap activity and other miscellaneous interest income. 
 
 Income tax expense: 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Income tax expense 

93.5 

77.2 

Effective tax rate 

39.9 

30.6 

Income tax expense of 93.5 million in 2023 includes 26.1 million of discrete tax expense, primarily related to the impact of withholding tax recorded on earnings that are no longer permanently reinvested, as well as other various U.S. and foreign tax matters. Excluding the discrete tax expense of 26.1 million, the overall effective tax rate was 28.8 percent. 
 
 Income tax expense of 77.2 million in 2022 includes 9.3 million of discrete tax expense, primarily related to the revaluation of cross-currency swap agreements due to depreciation of the Euro versus the U.S. dollar and several foreign discrete items, offset in part by U.S. tax benefit for state deferred tax rate change and excess tax benefit for stock compensation. Excluding the discrete tax expense of 9.3 million, the overall effective tax rate was 26.9 percent. 

Table of Contents 

The increase in the overall effective tax rate for 2023 compared to 2022 , excluding the impact of discrete items, is primarily due to the change in the mix of earnings across jurisdictions, as well as the impact of withholding tax recorded on current earnings that will not be permanently invested. 

26

Table of Contents 

Income from equity method investments 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Income from equity method investments 

4.4 

5.7 

The income from equity method investments relates to our 50 percent ownership of the Sekisui-Fuller joint venture in Japan. The lower income for 2023 compared to 2022 is due to the unfavorable impact of the weakening of the Japanese yen against the U.S. dollar and lower net income in our joint venture. 
 
 Net income attributable to H.B. Fuller 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2023 vs 2022 

Net income attributable to H.B. Fuller 

144.9 

180.3 

(19.6) 

Percent of net revenue 

4.1 

4.8 

Net income attributable to H.B. Fuller was 144.9 million in 2023 compared to 180.3 million in 2022. Diluted earnings per share were 2.59 per share in 2023 and 3.26 per share in 2022. 

Operating Segment Results 
 
 We are required to report segment information in the same way that we internally organize our business for assessing performance and making decisions regarding allocation of resources. For segment evaluation by the chief operating decision maker, segment operating income is defined as gross profit less SG A expenses. Inter-segment revenues are recorded at cost plus a markup for administrative costs. Corporate expenses, other than those included in Corporate Unallocated, are allocated to each operating segment. 
 
 We have three reportable segments: Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives, Engineering Adhesives and Construction Adhesives. The tables below provide certain information regarding the net revenue and segment operating income of each of our operating segments. Corporate Unallocated includes business acquisition and integration costs, organizational restructuring charges and project costs related to the implementation of Project ONE. 
 
 Net Revenue by Segment 

2023 

2022 

Net 

of 

Net 

of 

in millions) 
 
 Revenue 

Total 

Revenue 

Total 

Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives 

1,601.5 

46 

1,695.9 

45 

Engineering Adhesives 

1,428.7 

41 

1,532.7 

41 

Construction Adhesives 

480.7 

13 

520.6 

14 

Total 

3,510.9 

100 

3,749.2 

100 

Segment Operating Income (Loss) 

2023 

2022 

Operating 

of 

Operating 

of 

in millions) 
 
 Income (Loss) 

Total 

Income (Loss) 

Total 

Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives 

215.1 

61 

165.8 

51 

Engineering Adhesives 

187.3 

53 

168.8 

52 

Construction Adhesives 

6.0 

1 

23.0 

8 

Segment total 

408.4 

115 

357.6 

111 

Corporate Unallocated 

(53.3) 

(15) 

(34.9) 

(11) 

Total 

355.1 

100 

322.7 

100 

27

Table of Contents 

The following table provides a reconciliation of segment operating income to income before income taxes and income from equity method investments, as reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Segment operating income 

355.1 

322.7 

Other income, net 

9.8 

12.9 

Interest expense 

(134.6) 

(91.5) 

Interest income 

3.9 

7.8 

Income before income taxes and income from equity method investments 

234.2 

251.9 

Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2023 vs 2022 

Net revenue 

1,601.5 

1,695.9 

(5.6) 

Segment operating income 

215.1 

165.8 

29.7 

Segment profit margin 

13.4 

9.8 

The following tables provide details of Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives net revenue variances: 

2023 vs 2022 

Organic revenue growth 

(5.1) 

Extra week in 2022 (53-week year) 

(1.8) 

M A 

4.6 

Currency 

(3.3) 

Net revenue growth 

(5.6) 

Net revenue decreased 5.6 percent in 2023 compared to 2022. The decrease in organic revenue growth was attributable to a decrease in sales volume, partially offset by an increase in product pricing. The 4.6 percent increase in net revenue from M A was due to acquisitions of Lemtapes in the first quarter of 2023, Beardow Adams in the second quarter of 2023 and Adhezion in the third quarter of 2023. The negative currency effect was due to a weaker Egyptian pound, Turkish lira, Argentinian peso and Chinese renminbi offset by a stronger Mexican peso and Euro compared to the U .S. dollar. Additionally, net revenue in 2023 was lower than 2022 by 1.8 percent from an additional week of revenue in 2022 as it was a 53-week fiscal year compared to a 52-week fiscal year in 2023. As a percentage of net r evenue, gross margin increased due to lower raw material costs and higher product pricing partially offset by the impact of lower sales volume. SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenue increased due to the impact of acquisitions and lower net revenue. Segment operating income increased 29.7 percent and segment operating margin as a percentage of net revenue increased 360 basis points in 2023 as compared to 2022. 
 
 Engineering Adhesives 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2023 vs 2022 

Net revenue 

1,428.7 

1,532.7 

(6.8) 

Segment operating income 

187.3 

168.8 

11.0 

Segment profit margin 

13.1 

11.0 

The following tables provide details of Engineering Adhesives net revenue variances: 

2023 vs 2022 

Organic revenue growth 

(4.2) 

Extra week in 2022 (53-week year) 

(1.8) 

M A 

1.2 

Currency 

(2.0) 

Net revenue growth 

(6.8) 

28

Table of Contents 

Net revenue decreased 6.8 percent in 2023 compared to 2022. The decrease in organic revenue growth was attributable to a decrease in sales volume, partially offset by a slight increase in product pricing. The 1.2 percent increase in net revenue from M A was due to the acquisitions of ZKLT in the third quarter of 2022 and Aspen in the first quarter of 2023. The negative currency effect was due to a weaker Chinese renminbi and Turkish lira partially offset by a stronger Euro compared to the U.S. dollar. Additionally, net revenue in 2023 was lower than 2022 by 1.8 percent from an additional week of revenue in 2022 as it was a 53-week fiscal year compared to a 52-week fiscal year in 2023. As a percentage of net revenue, gross margin increased due to lower raw material cost s and higher product pricing partially offset by the impact of lower sales volume. SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenue increased due to lower net revenue. Segment operating income increased 11.0 percent and segment operating margin as a percentage of net revenue increased 210 basis points in 2023 as compared to 2022. 
 
 Construction Adhesives 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2023 vs 2022 

Net revenue 

480.7 

520.6 

(7.7) 

Segment operating income 

6.0 

23.0 

(73.9) 

Segment profit margin 

1.2 

4.4 

The following tables provide details of Construction Adhesives net revenue variances: 

2023 vs 2022 

Organic revenue growth 

(11.0) 

Extra week in 2022 (53-week year) 

(1.6) 

M A 

5.4 

Currency 

(0.5) 

Net revenue growth 

(7.7) 

Net revenue decreased 7.7 percent in 2023 compared to 2022. The decrease in organic revenue growth was attributable to a decrease in sales volume, partially offset by an increase in product pricing. The 5.4 percent increase in net revenue from M A was due to the acquisitions of GSSI in the fourth quarter of 2022, XChem in the third quarter of 2023 and Sanglier in the fourth quarter of 2023. The negative currency effect was due to a weaker Australian dollar and Canadian dollar offset by a stronger Euro compared to the U.S. doll ar. Additionally, net revenue in 2023 was lower than 2022 by 1.6 percent from an additional week of revenue in 2022 as it was a 53-week fiscal year compared to a 52-week fiscal year in 2023. As a percentage of net revenue, gross margin decreased slightly primarily due to the impact of lower sales volume partially offset by higher product pricing and lower raw material costs. SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenue increased due to the impact of acquisitions and lower net revenue. Segment operating income decreased 73.9 percent and segment operating margin as a percentage of net revenue decreased 320 basis points in 2023 as compared to 2022. 
 
 Corporate Unallocated 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2023 vs 2022 

Segment operating loss 

(53.3) 

(34.9) 

52.7 

Segment profit margin 
 
 NMP 

NMP 

NMP = Non-meaningful percentage 
 
 Corporate Unallocated includes acquisition and integration-related charges, restructuring-related charges and costs related to the implementation of Project ONE. 
 
 Segment operating loss increased 52.7 percent in 2023 reflecting higher restructuring and acquisition project costs compared to 2022. 

29

Table of Contents 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Total cash and cash equivalents as of December 2, 2023 were 179.5 million compared to 79.9 million as of December 3, 2022. Total long and short-term debt was 1,838.4 million as of December 2, 2023 and 1,765.1 million as of December 3, 2022. 
 
 We believe that cash flows from operating activities will be adequate to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity and capital expenditure needs. In addition, we believe we have the ability to obtain both short-term and long-term debt to meet our financing needs for the foreseeable future. Cash available in the United States has historically been sufficient and we expect it will continue to be sufficient to fund U.S. operations, U.S. capital spending and U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit contributions in addition to funding U.S. acquisitions, dividend payments, debt service and share repurchases as needed. For those international earnings considered to be reinvested indefinitely, we currently have no intention to, and plans do not indicate a need to, repatriate these funds for U.S. operations. 
 
 Our credit agreements include restrictive covenants that, if not met, could lead to a renegotiation of our credit lines and a significant increase in our cost of financing. At December 2, 2023, we were in compliance with all covenants of our contractual obligations as shown in the following table: 

Covenant 
 Debt Instrument 
 Measurement 
 Result as of December 2, 2023 

Secured Total Indebtedness / TTM 1 EBITDA 
 Revolving Facility and Term Loan A Facility 
 Not greater than 4.75 2 
 2.1 

TTM 1 EBITDA / Consolidated Interest Expense 
 Revolving Facility and Term Loan A Facility 
 Not less than 2.0 
 4.6 

1 
 TTM = trailing 12 months 

2 
 The Maximum Secured Leverage Ratio prior to June 1, 2024, shall be 4.75 to 1.00 and will step down to 4.50 to 1.00 with respect to quarters ending after June 1, 2024 

EBITDA for covenant purposes is defined as consolidated net income, plus (i) interest expense, (ii) expense for taxes paid or accrued, (iii) depreciation and amortization, (iv) certain non-cash impairment losses, (v) extraordinary non-cash losses incurred other than in the ordinary course of business, (vi) nonrecurring extraordinary non-cash restructuring charges and the non-cash impact of purchase accounting, (vii) any non-cash charge for the excess of rent expense over actual cash rent paid due to the use of straight-line rent, non-cash charge pursuant to any management equity plan, stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit, (viii) any non-cash finance charges in respect of any pension liabilities or other provisions and income (loss) attributable to deferred compensation plans, (ix) any non-recurring or unusual cash restructuring charges and operating improvements, (x) cost savings initiative and cost synergies related to acquisitions within 12 months, (xi) non-capitalized charges relating to the Company s SAP implementation, (xii) fees, costs, expenses and charges incurred in connection with the financing, (xiii) fees, costs, expenses, make-whole or penalty payments and other similar items arising out of acquisitions, investments and dispositions, the incurrence, issuance, repayment or refinancing of indebtedness and any issuance of equity interests; minus, non-recurring or unusual non-cash gains incurred not in the ordinary course of business. Provided that the aggregate amounts that may be added back for any period pursuant to clauses (ix), (x) and (xi) shall not exceed 15 of EBITDA for such period (calculated prior to giving effect to all addbacks and adjustments). For Secured Total Indebtedness / TTM EBITDA ratio, TTM EBITDA is adjusted for the pro forma results from Material Acquisitions and Material Divestitures, both as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, as if the acquisition or divestiture occurred at the beginning of the calculation period. The full definition is set forth in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement the Company filed as an exhibit to its 8-K filing dated February 21, 2023. 

Consolidated Interest Expense for covenant purposes is defined as the interest expense (including without limitation to the portion of capital lease obligations that constitutes imputed interest in accordance with GAAP) of the Company and its subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis for such period with respect to all outstanding indebtedness allocable to such period in accordance with GAAP, including net costs (or benefits) under Interest Rate Swap Agreements and commissions, discounts and other fees and charges with respect to letters of credit and the interest component of all Attributable Receivables Indebtedness. 

We believe we have the ability to meet all of our contractual obligations and commitments in fiscal 2024. 

30

Table of Contents 

Net Financial Assets (Liabilities) 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Financial assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

179.5 

79.9 

Foreign exchange contracts 

13.5 

10.3 

Interest rate swaps 

3.6 

- 

Financial liabilities: 

Notes payable 

(1.8) 

(28.9) 

Long-term debt 

(1,836.6) 

(1,736.3) 

Foreign exchange contracts 

(5.0) 

(4.6) 

Interest rate swaps 

(41.6) 

(42.5) 

Net investment hedges 

(72.6) 

(54.0) 

Net financial liabilities 

(1,761.1) 

(1,776.1) 

Of the 179.5 million in cash and cash equivalents as of December 2, 2023, 152.9 million was held outside the U.S. Of the 152.9 million of cash held outside the U.S., earnings on 136.0 million are indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S. It is not practical for us to determine the U.S. tax implications of the repatriation of these funds. 
 
 There are no contractual or regulatory restrictions on the ability of consolidated and unconsolidated subsidiaries to transfer funds in the form of cash dividends, loans or advances to us. Our credit facilities have the following restrictions related to investments and general limitations: 1) a credit facility limitation restricting investments, loans, advances or capital contributions from Loan Parties to non-Loan Parties in excess of 150.0 million, 2) a credit facility limitation that provides total investments, loans, advances or guarantees not otherwise permitted in the credit agreement for all subsidiaries shall not exceed 150.0 million in the aggregate, 3) a credit facility limitation that provides total investments, dividends, and distributions shall not exceed the Available Amount defined in these agreements, all three of which do not apply when our secured leverage ratio is below 4.0x, and 4) typical statutory restrictions, which prohibit distributions in excess of net capital or similar tests. Additionally, we have taken the income tax position that the majority of our cash in non-U.S. locations is indefinitely reinvested. 
 
 Debt Outstanding and Debt Capacity 
 
 Notes Payable 
 
 Notes payable were 1.8 million at December 2, 2023 and 28.9 million at December 3, 2022. These amounts primarily represented various foreign subsidiaries short-term borrowings that were not part of committed lines. The current weighted-average interest rates on these short-term borrowings wer e approximately 10.75 p ercent in 2023 and 16.2 percent in 2022. 

31

Table of Contents 

Long-Term Debt 
 
 Long-term debt consists of a senior secured term loan Term Loan A with an aggregate principal amount of 500.0 million and a senior secured term loan Term Loan B with an aggregate principal amount of 800.0 million. Interest on Term Loan A is payable at the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus an adjustment of 0.10 percent and an interest rate spread of 1.50 percent (6.95 percent at December 2, 2023). The interest rate spread is bas ed on a secured leverage grid. Term Loan A matures on February 15, 2028. At December 2, 2023 , a balance of 487.5 million was outstanding on Term Loan A. Interest on Term Loan B is payable at SOFR plus an interest rate spread of 2.25 percent with a SOFR floor of 0.50 percent (7.60 percent at December 2, 2023 ). Term Loan B matures on February 15, 2030. At December 2, 2023 , a balance of 796.0 million was outstanding on Term Loan B. O n January 12, 2023, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement (amended on February 28, 2023) to convert 400,000 of our variable rate 1-month SOFR to a fixed rate of 3.7260. On March 16, 2023, we entered into interest rate swap agreements to convert 300,000 of our 1-month SOFR rate debt to a fixed rate of 3.7210 percent and to convert 100,000 of our 1-month SOFR rate debt to a fixed rate of 3.8990 percent. 
 
 Long-term debt also consists of 10-year unsecured public notes 10-year Public Notes with an aggregate principal amount of 300.0 million due February 15, 2027 with a fixed coupon of 4.00 percent and 8-year unsecured public notes 8-year Public Notes with an aggregate principal amount of 300.0 million due October 15, 2028 with a fixed coupon of 4.25 percent. We currently have no intention to prepay the Public Notes. On February 12, 2021, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement to convert our 8-year Public Notes to a variable interest rate of 1-month LIBOR plus 3.28 percent. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of this interest rate swap. 
 
 Interest payable on our long-term debt to taled 1.7 mil lion as of December 2, 2023. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 We have a revolving credit agreement with a consortium of financial institutions at December 2, 2023. This revolving credit agreement creates a secured multi-currency revolving credit facility that we can draw upon to repay existing indebtedness, finance working capital needs, finance acquisitions and for general corporate purposes up to a maximum of 700.0 million. Interest on the revolving credit facility is payable at SOFR plus an adjustment of 0.10 percent and an interest rate spread of 1.50 percent (6.95 percent at December 2, 2023). A facility fee of 20 basis points of the unused commitment under the revolving credit facility is payable quarterly. The interest rate spread and the facility fee are based on a secured lever age grid. At December 2, 2023 , there was no balance outstand ing on the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility matures on February 15, 2028. 
 
 We are subject to mandatory prepayments in the first quarter of each fiscal year equal to 50 percent of Excess Cash Flow, as defined in our debt agreement, of the prior fiscal year less any voluntary prepayments made during that fiscal year. The Excess Cash Flow Percentage shall be reduced to 25 percent when our Secured Leverage Ratio is below 4.25:1.00 and to 0 percent when our Secured Leverage Ratio is below 3.75:1.00. 

For further information related to debt outstanding and debt capacity, see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 
 As of December 2, 2023, goodwill totaled 1,486.5 million (31.5 percent of total assets) and other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, totaled 729.1 million (15.4 percent of total assets). 

32

Table of Contents 

The components of goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets, net of amortization, by segment are as follows: 

2023 

Hygiene, Health 

and Consumable 

Engineering 

Construction 

in millions) 
 
 Adhesives 

Adhesives 

Adhesives 

Total 

Goodwill 

402.6 

651.1 

432.8 

1,486.5 

Purchased technology and patents 

41.7 

28.9 

14.5 

85.1 

Customer relationships 

126.8 

226.9 

250.6 

604.3 

Tradenames 

11.6 

13.6 

10.2 

35.4 

Other finite-lived intangible assets 

1.5 

- 

2.4 

3.9 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets 

- 

0.5 

- 

0.5 

2022 

Hygiene, Health 

and Consumable 

Engineering 

Construction 

in millions) 
 
 Adhesives 

Adhesives 

Adhesives 

Total 

Goodwill 

329.0 

637.9 

425.7 

1,392.6 

Purchased technology and patents 

5.7 

31.5 

15.1 

52.3 

Customer relationships 

105.8 

228.5 

281.3 

615.6 

Tradenames 

4.5 

14.6 

9.8 

28.9 

Other finite-lived intangible assets 

1.9 

0.1 

2.8 

4.8 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets 

- 

0.5 

- 

0.5 

33

Table of Contents 

Selected Metrics of Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Key metrics we monitor are net working capital as a percent of annualized net revenue, trade receivables days sales outstanding (DSO), inventory days on hand, free cash flow after dividends and debt capitalization ratio. 

December 2, 

December 3, 

2023 

2022 

Net working capital as a percentage of annualized net revenue 1 

16.1 

16.6 

Trade receivables DSO (in days) 2 

58 

62 

Inventory days on hand (in days) 3 

67 

71 

Trade accounts payable DPO (in days) 4 

64 

64 

Free cash flow after dividends 5 

215.9 

87.3 

Debt capitalization ratio 6 

51.1 

52.3 

1 Net working capital (trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts plus inventory minus trade payables) divided by annualized net revenue (current quarter, multiplied by 4). 
 
 2 Trade receivables net of allowance for doubtful accounts multiplied by 91 (13 weeks) and divided by the net revenue for the quarter. 
 
 3 Total inventory multiplied by 91 and divided by cost of sales (excluding delivery costs) for the quarter. 
 
 4 Trade accounts payable multiplied by 91 (13 weeks) and divided by the net revenue for the quarter. 
 
 5 Net cash provided by operating activities less purchased property, plant and equipment and dividends paid. See reconciliation to net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow after dividends below. 
 
 6 Total debt divided by (total debt plus total stockholders equity). 
 
 Free cash flow after dividends, a non-GAAP financial measure, is defined as net cash provided by operating activities less purchased property, plant and equipment and dividends paid. Free cash flow after dividends is an integral financial measure used by the Company to assess its ability to generate cash in excess of its operating needs, therefore, the Company believes this financial measure provides useful information to investors. The following table reflects the manner in which free cash flow after dividends is determined and provides a reconciliation of free cash flow after dividends to net cash provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

34

Table of Contents 

Reconciliation of Net cash provided by operating activities to "Free cash flow after dividends" 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

378.4 

256.5 

Less: Purchased property, plant and equipment 

119.1 

130.0 

Less: Dividends paid 

43.4 

39.2 

Free cash flow after dividends 

215.9 

87.3 

Summary of Cash Flows 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

378.4 

256.5 

Net income including non-controlling interest was 145.0 million in 2023 and 180.4 million in 2022. Depreciation and amortization expense totaled 159.8 million in 2023 compared to 147.0 million in 2022. The higher depreciation and amortization expense in 2023 is related to the assets acquired in our business acquisitions. 
 
 Changes in net working capital (trade receivables, inventory and trade payables) accounted for a source of cash of 83.5 million compared to a use of cash of 103.2 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively. Following is an assessment of each of the net working capital components: 

Trade Receivables, net Changes in trade receivables resulted in a 68.7 million source of cash in 2023 compared to a 24.8 million use of cash in 2022. The source of cash in 2023 compared to a use of cash in 2022 was related to higher collections in the current year compared to the prior year. The DSO was 58 days at December 2, 2023 and 62 days at December 3, 2022. 

Inventory Changes in inventory resulted in a 72.6 million source of cash in 2023 compared to a 55.8 million use of cash in 2022. The source of cash in 2023, compared to the use of cash in 2022 is due to lower inventory purchases at lower prices in 2023 compared to the prior year. Inventory days on hand were 67 days at the end of 2023 compared to 71 days at the end of 2022. 

Trade Payables Changes in trade payables resulted in a 57.8 million and 22.6 million use of cash in 2023 and 2022, respectively. The higher use of cash in 2023 compared to 2022 reflects higher payments on trade payables in the current year compared to the prior year. The DPO was 64 days at both the end of 2023 and 2022. 

Contributions to our pension and other postretirement benefit plans were 4.3 million and 3.0 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively. Income taxes payable resulted in a 41.2 million source of cash and a 12.9 million use of cash in 2023 and 2022, respectively. Other asse ts resulted in a 7.9 million use of cash and a 46.5 million source of cash in 2023 and 2022 , respectively. The use of cash in 2023 compared to a source of cash in 2022 is primarily driven by a smaller decrease in pension and post-retirement assets related to the year-end pension valuation compared to the prior year and an increase in derivative assets in 2023 compared to a decrease in 2022. Accrued compensation was a 13.8 million use of cash and a 1.1 million source of cash in 2023 and 2022, respectivel y, relating to lower accruals for our employee incentive plans in 2023 . Other liabilities resulted in a 22.9 million and 4.1 million source of cash in 2023 and 2022 , respectively. The higher source of cash in 2023 compared to 2022 was due to an increase in hedging liabilities from interest rate swap activity in 2023 compared to the prior year. Ot her operating activity was a 28.0 million use of cash and a 6.2 million source of cash in 2023 and 2022, respectively. Other operating activity includ es equity adjustments related to year-end pension valuations and valuation adjustments for our derivatives . 
 
 Cash Flows Used In Investing Activities 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(319.2) 

(375.3) 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment were 119.1 million in 2023 compared to 130.0 million in 2022. The lower purchases in 2023 reflect the timing of capital projects and expenditures related to growth initiatives. Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment were 5.0 million in 2023 compared to 1.6 million in 2022. We paid cash, net of cash acquired, of 205.1 million and 250.8 million for purchased businesses in 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

35

Table of Contents 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

in millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

35.1 

160.3 

In 2023, we received 2,233.3 million in proceeds and repaid 2,126.5 million of long-term debt including borrowings and repayments on our revolving credit facility and in 2022, we received 335.0 million in proceeds and repaid 159.5 million of long-term debt. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of debt borrowings and repayments. Debt issuance costs of 10.2 million were paid in 2023 compared to 0.6 million paid in 2022. Cash paid for dividends were 43.4 million and 39.2 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively. Cash generated from the exercise of stock options was 14.6 million and 30.1 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively. Indirect repurchases of common stock through a net-settlement feature related to statutory minimum tax withholding upon vesting of restricted stock were 2.6 million in 2023 compared to 4.0 million in 2022. There were no repurchases from our share repurchase program in 2023 and 2022. 

We expect 2024 capital expenditures to be approximately 140.0 million. 

Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors 
 
 The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may be identified by the use of words like "plan," "expect," "aim," "believe," "project," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "will," "should," "could" (including the negative or variations thereof) and other expressions that indicate future events and trends. These plans and expectations are based upon certain underlying assumptions, including those mentioned with the specific statements. Such assumptions are in turn based upon internal estimates and analyses of current market conditions and trends, our plans and strategies, economic conditions and other factors. These plans and expectations and the assumptions underlying them are necessarily subject to risks and uncertainties inherent in projecting future conditions and results. Actual results could differ materially from expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements if one or more of the underlying assumptions and expectations proves to be inaccurate or is unrealized. In addition to the factors described in this report, Item 1A. Risk Factors identifies some of the important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in any such forward-looking statements. In order to comply with the terms of the safe harbor, we have identified these important factors which could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual results for future periods to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements. These factors should be considered, together with any similar risk factors or other cautionary language that may be made elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The list of important factors in Item 1A. Risk Factors does not necessarily present the risk factors in order of importance. This disclosure, including that under Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, and other forward-looking statements and related disclosures made by us in this report and elsewhere from time to time, represents our best judgment as of the date the information is given. We do not undertake responsibility for updating any of such information, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Investors are advised, however, to consult any further public company disclosures (such as in filings with the SEC or in our press releases) on related subjects. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to various market risks, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency rates and prices of raw materials. Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. 

36

Table of Contents 

Our financial performance may be negatively affected by unfavorable economic conditions. Recessionary economic conditions may have an adverse impact on our sales volumes, pricing levels and profitability. As domestic and international economic conditions change, trends in discretionary consumer spending also become unpredictable and subject to reductions due to uncertainties about the future. A general reduction in consumer discretionary spending due to a recession in the domestic and international economies, or uncertainties regarding future economic prospects, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Exposure to changes in interest rates results primarily from borrowing activities used to fund operations. Committed floating rate credit facilities are used to fund a portion of operations. We believe that probable near-term changes in interest rates would not materially affect financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The annual impact on interest expense of a one-percentage point interest rate change on the outstanding balance of our variable rate debt, net of interest rate swap derivatives as of December 2, 2023, would have resulted in a change in net income of approximately 5.3 million or 0.09 per diluted share. 
 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 
 
 As a result of being a global enterprise, there is exposure to market risks from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our operating results, financial condition and net investment in foreign subsidiaries are subject to both currency translation and currency transaction risk. Approximately 56 percent of net revenue was generated outside of the United States in 2023. Principal foreign currency exposures relate to the Euro, Chinese renminbi, British pound sterling, Egyptian pound, Turkish lira, Brazilian real, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar and Mexican peso . 
 
 We enter into cross border transactions through importing and exporting goods to and from different countries and locations. These transactions generate foreign exchange risk as they create assets, liabilities and cash flows in currencies other than their functional currency. This also applies to services provided and other cross border agreements among subsidiaries. Our objective is to balance, where possible, non-functional currency denominated assets to non-functional currency denominated liabilities to have a natural hedge and minimize foreign exchange impacts. 
 
 In the event a natural hedge is not available, we take steps to minimize risks from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations through normal operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative instruments. We do not enter into any speculative positions with regard to derivative instruments. 
 
 Based on 2023 financial results, a hypothetical one percent change in our cost of sales due to foreign currency rate changes would have resulted in a change in net income attributable to H.B. Fuller of approximately 9.4 million or 0.17 per diluted share. Based on 2023 financial results and foreign currency balance sheet positions as of December 2, 2023, a hypothetical overall 10 percent change in the U.S. dollar would have resulted in a change in net income of approximately 16.7 million or 0.30 per diluted share. 
 
 Raw Materials 
 
 The principal raw materials used to manufacture products include resins, polymers, synthetic rubbers, vinyl acetate monomer and plasticizers. We generally avoid sole source supplier arrangements for raw materials. While alternate supplies of most key raw materials are available, unplanned supplier production outages may lead to strained supply-demand situations for several key raw materials such as ethylene and propylene, several polymers and other petroleum derivatives such as waxes. 
 
 The purchase of raw materials is our largest expenditure. Our objective is to purchase raw materials that meet both our quality standards and production needs at the lowest total cost. Most raw materials are purchased on the open market or under contracts that limit the frequency but not the magnitude of price increases. In some cases, however, the risk of raw material price changes is managed by strategic sourcing agreements which limit price increases to increases in supplier feedstock costs, while requiring decreases as feedstock costs decline. The leverage of having substitute raw materials approved for use wherever possible is used to minimize the impact of possible price increases. Based on 2023 financial results, a hypothetical one percent change in our raw material costs would have resulted in a change in net income of approximately 13.3 million or 0.24 per diluted share. 

37

Table of Contents 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information concerning new accounting standards and the impact of the implementation of these standards on our financial statements. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of H.B. Fuller Company 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of H.B. Fuller Company and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, total equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 2, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 2, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 2, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated January 24, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 

38

Table of Contents 

Valuation of Goodwill for the Construction Adhesives reporting unit 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 
 At December 2, 2023, the Company had goodwill of approximately 432.8 million related to the Construction Adhesives reporting unit. As discussed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, the Company performs goodwill impairment testing on an annual basis as of the beginning of the fourth quarter, and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. 
 
 Auditing management s goodwill impairment test for the Construction Adhesives reporting unit was complex and judgmental due to the significant estimation required in determining the fair value of the reporting unit. In particular, the Company estimates fair value using the income approach which is sensitive to certain assumptions, such as forecasted revenue and related revenue growth rate, the earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) margins rate, and the weighted average cost of capital which are affected by management s business plans and expectations about future market or economic conditions. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company's goodwill impairment review process, including controls over management s review of the significant assumptions described above. 
 
 To test the estimated fair value of the Construction Adhesive reporting unit, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the valuation methodology used by management and testing the significant assumptions discussed above, as well as the underlying data used by the Company in its analysis. For example, we compared the significant assumptions used by management in the prospective financial information to current industry, market and economic trends as well as other relevant factors. We assessed the reasonableness of the forecasted future revenue growth rate and EBITDA margins rate by comparing the forecasts to historical results. We involved our valuation specialists to assist in our evaluation of the valuation models, methodologies and significant assumptions used by the Company, specifically the weighted average cost of capital. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

January 24, 2024 

39

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of H.B. Fuller Company 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited H.B. Fuller Company and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 2, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, H.B. Fuller Company and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 3, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, total equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 2, 2023, and the related notes, and our report dated January 24, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 

January 24, 2024 

40

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 H.B. Fuller Company and Subsidiaries 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Fiscal Years 
 December 2, December 3, November 27, 
 2023 2022 2021 
 Net revenue 
 Cost of sales 
 Gross profit 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Other income, net 
 Interest expense 
 Interest income 
 Income before income taxes and income from equity method investments 
 Income tax expense 
 Income from equity method investments 
 Net income including non-controlling interest 
 Net income attributable to non-controlling interest 
 Net income attributable to H.B. Fuller 
 
 Earnings per share attributable to H.B. Fuller common stockholders: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 
 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 
 
 Dividends declared per common share 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

41

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 H.B. Fuller Company and Subsidiaries 
 (In thousands) 

Fiscal Years 

December 2, 

December 3, 

November 27, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Net income including non-controlling interest 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

() 

Defined benefit pension plans adjustment, net of tax 

() 

Interest rate swaps, net of tax 

Cash-flow hedges, net of tax 

() 

() 

Net investment hedges, net of tax 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Less: Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to H.B. Fuller 

() 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

42

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 H.B. Fuller Company and Subsidiaries 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 2, December 3, 
 2023 2022 
 Assets 
 Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Trade receivables, net 
 Inventories 
 Other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Goodwill 
 Other intangibles, net 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 
 Liabilities, non-controlling interest and total equity 
 Current liabilities: 
 Notes payable 
 Trade payables 
 Accrued compensation 
 Income taxes payable 
 Other accrued expenses 
 Total current liabilities 
 
 Long-term debt, net of current maturities 
 Accrued pension liabilities 
 Other liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 
 
 Equity: 
 H.B. Fuller stockholders' equity: 
 Preferred stock no shares outstanding) Shares authorized 10,045,900 
 Common stock, par value 1.00 per share, Shares authorized 160,000,000 , Shares outstanding 54,092,987 and 53,676,576 for 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Total H.B. Fuller stockholders' equity 
 Non-controlling interest 
 Total equity 
 Total liabilities, non-controlling interest and total equity 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

43

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF TOTAL EQUITY 
 H.B. Fuller Company and Subsidiaries 
 (In thousands) 

H.B. Fuller Company Shareholders 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Non- 

Common 

Paid-in 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Controlling 

Stock 

Capital 

Earnings 

Income (Loss) 

Interest 

Total 

Balance at November 28, 2020 

() 

Comprehensive income 

Dividends 

() 

() 

Stock option exercises 

Share-based compensation plans other, net 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at November 27, 2021 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Dividends 

() 

() 

Stock option exercises 

Share-based compensation plans other, net 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 3, 2022 

() 

Comprehensive income 

Dividends 

() 

() 

Stock option exercises 

Share-based compensation plans other, net 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 2, 2023 

() 

44

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS of CASH FLOWS 
 H.B. Fuller Company and Subsidiaries 
 (In thousands) 

Fiscal Years 
 December 2, December 3, November 27, 
 2023 2022 2021 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 Net income including non-controlling interest 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income including non-controlling interest to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation 
 Amortization 
 Deferred income taxes 
 Income from equity method investments, net of dividends received 
 Loss (gain) on sale of assets 
 Share-based compensation 
 Pension and other postretirement benefit plan contributions 
 Pension and other postretirement benefit plan income 
 Debt issuance cost write-off 
 Loss on fair value adjustment on contingent consideration liabilities 
 Change in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions: 
 Trade receivables, net 
 Inventories 
 Other assets 
 Trade payables 
 Accrued compensation 
 Other accrued expenses 
 Income taxes payable 
 Other liabilities 
 Other 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Purchased property, plant and equipment 
 Purchased businesses, net of cash acquired 
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 
 Cash received from government grant 
 Cash outflow related to government grant 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 
 Repayment of long-term debt 
 Payment of debt issue costs 
 Net (payment on) proceeds from notes payable 
 Dividends paid 
 Contingent consideration payment 
 Proceeds from stock options exercised 
 Repurchases of common stock 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 
 Dividends paid with company stock 
 Cash paid for interest, net of amount capitalized of 1,769 , 1,518 , and 905 for the years ended December 2, 2023, December 3, 2022 and November 27, 2021, respectively 
 Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

45

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 H.B. Fuller Company and Subsidiaries 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

countries in North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific, India, the Middle East and Africa. 
 
 We have three reportable segments: Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives, Engineering Adhesives and Construction Adhesives. In 2023 , as a percentage of total net revenue by operating segment, Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives accounted for percent, Engineering Adhesives percent and Construction Adhesives percent. 
 
 Our Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives operating segment produces and supplies a full range of specialty industrial adhesives such as thermoplastic, thermoset, reactive, water-based and solvent-based products for applications in various markets, including packaging (food and beverage containers, flexible packaging, consumer goods, package integrity and re-enforcement, and non-durable goods), converting (corrugation, folding carton, tape and label, paper converting, envelopes, books, multi-wall bags, sacks, and tissue and towel), nonwoven and hygiene (disposable diapers, feminine care and medical garments) and health and beauty. 
 
 Our Engineering Adhesives operating segment produces and supplies high performance industrial adhesives such as reactive, light cure, two -part liquids, polyurethane, silicone, film and fast cure products to the durable assembly (appliances and filters), performance wood (windows, doors and wood flooring) and textile (footwear and sportswear), transportation, electronics, clean energy, aerospace and defense, appliance, heavy machinery and insulating glass markets. 
 
 Our Construction Adhesives operating segment includes products used for tile setting (adhesives, grouts, mortars, sealers and levelers), the commercial roofing industry (pressure-sensitive adhesives, tapes and sealants) and heating, ventilation and air conditioning and insulation applications (duct sealants, weather barriers and fungicidal coatings and block fillers). This operating segment also includes caulks and sealants for the consumer market and professional trade, sold through retailers, primarily in Australia. 
 
 percent ownership in Sekisui-Fuller Company, Ltd., our Japan joint venture, is accounted for under the equity method of accounting as we do not exercise control over the investee. In fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 , this equity method investment was not significant as defined in Regulation S- X under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As such, financial information as of December 2, 2023, December 3, 2022, and November 27, 2021 for Sekisui-Fuller Company, Ltd. is not required. 
 
 Our fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to November 30. Fiscal year-end dates were December 2, 2023, December 3, 2022, and November 27, 2021 for 2023, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Every five or six years we have a 53rd week in our fiscal year. 2022 was a 53 -week year. 

, and in 2023, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 For certain products, consigned inventory is maintained at customer locations. For this inventory, revenue is recognized in the period that the inventory is consumed. Sales to distributors require a distribution agreement or purchase order. As a normal practice, distributors do not have a right of return. 

and represent the cash surrender value of life insurance contracts as of December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022 , respectively. These assets are held to primarily support supplemental pension plans and are recorded in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The corresponding gain or loss associated with these contracts is reported in earnings each period as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 for the year ended December 3, 2022 and did not have any impairment of our equity investments for the years ended December 2, 2023 and November 27, 2021. The book value of the equity investments was as of both December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022 . 
 
 to years for buildings and improvements, to years for machinery and equipment, and the shorter of the lease or expected life for leasehold improvements. Fully depreciated assets are retained in property and accumulated depreciation accounts until removed from service. Upon disposal, assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed. Upon sale of an asset, the difference between the proceeds and remaining net book value is charged or credited to other income, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Expenditures that add value or extend the life of the respective assets are capitalized, while expenditures that are typical recurring repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Interest costs associated with construction and implementation of property, plant and equipment of , and were capitalized in 2023, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 to years. The straight-line method of amortization of these assets reflects an appropriate allocation of the costs of the intangible assets to earnings in proportion to the amount of economic benefits obtained in each reporting period. 

percent equities and percent fixed income. Management, in conjunction with our external financial advisors, determines the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets by considering the expected future returns and volatility levels for each asset class that are based on historical returns and forward-looking observations. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption used in each non-U.S. plan is determined on a plan-by-plan basis for each local jurisdiction and is based on expected future returns for the investment mix of assets currently in the portfolio for that plan. Management, in conjunction with our external financial advisors, develops expected rates of return for each plan, considers expected long-term returns for each asset category in the plan, reviews expectations for inflation for each local jurisdiction, and estimates the impact of active management of the plan s assets. Note 10 includes disclosure of assumptions employed in these measurements for both the non-U.S. and U.S. plans. 
 
 and at December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022 , respectively. 

Weighted-average common shares basic 
 Equivalent shares from share-based compensation plans 
 Weighted-average common and common equivalent shares diluted 
 
 Basic earnings per share 
 Diluted earnings per share 

Share-based compensation awards for , and shares for 2023, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation because they were antidilutive. 

, and shares of common stock in 2023, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, through a net-settlement feature in connection with the statutory minimum tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock. 

British pound sterling, or approximately which was funded through existing cash. This includes a holdback amount of British pound sterling that will be paid on the 18 -month anniversary of the closing date. Sanglier, headquartered in Mansfield, United Kingdom, is a manufacturer and filler of sprayable (aerosol and cannister) industrial adhesives. The acquisition of Sanglier expands our innovation capabilities and product portfolio across the United Kingdom and Europe transforming adhesives applications to enable sprayable delivery providing end users with an opportunity to greatly improve labor efficiency. The acquisition fair value measurement was preliminary as of December 2, 2023 and includes intangible assets of and other net assets of . Sanglier is included in our Construction Adhesives operating segment. 
 
 Adhezion Biomedical LLC 
 
 On June 23, 2023, we acquired Adhezion Biomedical LLC Adhezion for a base purchase price of which was funded through borrowings on our credit facility. This includes a holdback amount of that will be paid on the 12 -month anniversary of the closing date. The agreement includes a payment of contingent consideration up to following the completion of certain performance goals and conditions. Adhezion, headquartered in Wyomissing, Pennsylvania, is a manufacturer of cyanoacrylate-based healthcare adhesives and infection prevention products. The acquisition of Adhezion positions us for expansion in the healthcare adhesives industry and creates a solid, unique platform from which to scale and innovate in the healthcare adhesives industry. The acquisition fair value measurement was preliminary as of December 2, 2023 and includes intangible assets of , goodwill of and other net assets of . Goodwill represents expected synergies from combining Adhezion with our existing business. As of December 2, 2023, the amount of goodwill that is deductible for tax purposes i s . Adhezion is included in our Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives operating segment. 
 
 XChem International LLC 
 
 On June 12, 2023, we acquired XChem International LLC ("XChem") for a base purchase price of approximately which was funded through borrowings on our credit facility. This includes a holdback amount of that will be paid on the 18 -month anniversary of the closing date. XChem, headquartered in Ras Al-Khaimah, United Arab Emirates, is a manufacturer of adhesives and sealants for construction-related applications. The acquisition of XChem provides our construction adhesives global business with additional manufacturing presence for certain brands outside the U.S. and broadens our construction adhesives portfolio of highly specified applications and diversifies it toward both non-U.S. and infrastructure-oriented markets. The acquisition fair value measurement was preliminary as of December 2, 2023 and includes intangible assets of , goodwill of and other net assets of . Goodwill represents expected synergies from combining XChem with our existing business. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. XChem is included in our Construction Adhesives operating segment. 
 
 Beardow Adams Holdings Ltd. 
 
 On May 1, 2023, we acquired Beardow Adams Holdings Ltd. Beardow Adams for a total purchase price of British pound sterling, or approximately , which was funded through borrowings on our credit facility. This includes a holdback amount of British pound sterling that will be paid on the 18 -month anniversary of the closing date. Beardow Adams, based in the United Kingdom, develops and manufactures adhesives, sealants and coatings, principally in the fields of packaging and related applications. The acquisition of Beardow Adams is expected to accelerate profitable growth in many of our core end markets and generate business synergies through better raw material pricing, production optimization and an expanded distribution platform. The acquisition fair value measurement was preliminary as of December 2, 2023 and includes intangible assets of , goodwill of and other net assets of . Goodwill represents expected synergies from combining Beardow Adams with our existing business. As of December 2, 2023, the amount of goodwill that is deductible for tax purposes is . The remaining goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Beardow Adams is included in our Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives operating segment. 

Aspen Research Corporation 
 
 On January 31, 2023, we acquired the assets of Aspen Research Corporation Aspen for a total purchase price of , which was funded through existing cash. This includes a holdback amount of that will be paid on the 18 -month anniversary of the closing date. Aspen, located in Maple Grove, Minnesota, is a contract research organization that develops and manufactures innovative solutions for some of the adhesives used in our insulating glass market. Aspen is known for their superior understanding of materials science, engineering and analytical testing and specializes in custom materials manufacturing for chemicals and adhesives products. The acquisition of Aspen is expected to expand our Engineering Adhesives footprint in North America and strengthen our capabilities in the insulating glass market, in addition to bringing additive continuous flow, process manufacturing capabilities that we plan to leverage. The acquisition fair value measurement was final as of December 2, 2023 and includes intangible assets of , goodwill of and other net assets of . Goodwill represents expected synergies from combining Aspen with our existing business. Goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. Aspen is included in our Engineering Adhesives operating segment. 
 
 Lemtapes Oy 
 
 On December 15, 2022, we acquired Lemtapes Oy Lemtapes for a total purchase price of Euro, or approximately which was funded through existing cash. This includes a holdback amount of Euro that will be paid on the 18 -month anniversary of the closing date. Lemtapes, located in Valkeakoski, Finland, is a solutions provider of ecological, innovative tapes and adhesives for the packaging and plywood industries. The acquisition of Lemtapes is expected to reinforce our strategic position in Europe, especially for our adhesives coated solutions products. This acquisition will also accelerate our growth strategy of fast-growing, high margin businesses while adding technology capabilities and strong customer relationships. The acquisition fair value measurement was final as of December 2, 2023 and includes intangible assets of , goodwill of and other net assets of . Goodwill represents expected synergies from combining Lemtapes with our existing business. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Lemtapes is included in our Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives operating segment. 
 
 GSSI Sealants 
 
 On October 24, 2022, we acquired GSSI Sealants, Inc. ("GSSI") for a total purchase price of , which was funded through existing cash. This includes a holdback amount of that was paid on the 12 -month anniversary of the closing date. In addition, we recorded a liability for contingent consideration of , to be paid following the completion of certain performance goals and conditions. GSSI, headquartered in Houston, Texas, is a manufacturer of premier elastomeric butyl rubber sealant tapes. The acquisition of GSSI is expected to support our strategy to expand our Construction Adhesives business selectively via high margin applications. The acquisition fair value measurement was final as of September 2, 2023 and includes intangible assets of , goodwill of and other net assets of . Goodwill represents expected synergies from combining GSSI with our existing business. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. See Note 13 for further discussion of the fair value of the contingent consideration. GSSI is included in our Construction Adhesives operating segment. 
 
 ZKLT Polymer Co. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, we acquired ZKLT Polymer Co., Ltd. ("ZKLT") for a base purchase price of Chinese renminbi, or approximately , which was funded through existing cash. This includes a holdback of Chinese renminbi, or approximately , half of which was paid on the 12 -month anniversary of the closing date and half to be paid on the 18 -month anniversary of the closing date. In addition, we recorded a liability for contingent consideration of Chinese renminbi, or approximately , which was paid in the fourth quarter of 2023 following the completion of certain performance goals and conditions. ZKLT, headquartered in Chongquin City, China, is a manufacturer of liquid adhesives primarily for the automotive market. The acquisition of ZKLT is expected to add unique technology, strong customer relationships and a strategic manufacturing location to further strengthen our presence in central China. The acquisition fair value measurement was final as of September 2, 2023 and includes intangible assets of , goodwill of and other net assets of . Goodwill represents expected synergies from combining ZKLT with our existing business. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. See Note 13 for further discussion of the fair value of the contingent consideration. ZKLT is included in our Engineering Adhesives operating segment. 

Apollo 

On January 26, 2022, we acquired Apollo Chemicals Limited, Apollo Roofing Solutions Limited and Apollo Construction Solutions Limited (collectively, "Apollo") for a total purchase price of British pound sterling, or approximately 
 , which was funded through borrowings on our credit facility. Apollo, headquartered in Tamworth, UK, is a manufacturer of liquid adhesives, coatings and primers for the roofing, industrial and construction markets. Apollo is expected to enhance our position in key high-value, high-margin markets in the UK and throughout Europe. The acquisition fair value measurement was final as of
 December 3, 2022 and includes intangible assets of
 , goodwill of
 and other net assets of
 . Goodwill represents expected synergies from combining Apollo with our existing business. Goodwill is
 not deductible for tax purposes. The acquisition is included in our Construction Adhesives operating segment.

Fourny NV 
 
 On January 11, 2022, we acquired Fourny NV ("Fourny") for a base purchase price of Euro, or approximately , which was funded through existing cash. The agreement required us to pay an additional holdback amount 18 months following the date of acquisition and during the three months ended September 2, 2023 we paid . Fourny, headquartered in Willebroek, Belgium, is a manufacturer of construction adhesives. Fourny is expected to enhance our position in key high-value, high-margin markets in Europe. The acquisition fair value measurement was final as of December 3, 2022 and includes intangible assets of , goodwill of and other net assets of . Goodwill represents expected synergies from combining Fourny with our existing business. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Fourny is included in our Construction Adhesives operating segment. 
 
 All acquisitions, individually and in the aggregate, are not material and therefore pro forma financial information is not provided. 

to for severance and related employee costs globally, other restructuring costs related to the streamlining of processes and the payment of anticipated income taxes in certain jurisdictions related to the Plans. 
 
 The following table summarizes the pre-tax distribution of charges under these restructuring plans by income statement classification: 

Selling, general and administrative 

The restructuring charges are all recorded in Corporate Unallocated for segment reporting purposes. 
 
 A summary of the restructuring liability is presented below: 

Expense incurred 
 Non-cash charges 
 Cash payments 
 Foreign currency translation 
 Balance at December 3, 2022 
 Expense incurred 
 Non-cash charges 
 Cash payments 
 Foreign currency translation 
 Balance at December 2, 2023 

Non-cash charges include accelerated depreciation resulting from the cessation of use of certain long-lived assets, the recording of a provision related to the discontinuance of certain products and lease termination payments. Restructuring liabilities have been classified as a component of other accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Gain (loss) on disposal of assets 
 Net periodic pension benefit 
 Other, net 
 Total other income, net 
 
 Research and development expenses (included in SG A expenses) 

Balance Sheet Information 
 
 Additional details of balance sheet amounts as of December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022 are as follows: 

Finished goods 
 Total inventories 
 
 Other current assets 
 Other receivables 
 Prepaid income taxes 
 Prepaid taxes other than income taxes 
 Prepaid expenses 
 Total other current assets 
 
 Property, plant and equipment 
 Land 
 Buildings and improvements 
 Machinery and equipment 
 Construction in progress 
 Total, at cost 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 Net property, plant and equipment 
 
 Other assets 
 Investments in company owned life insurance 
 Equity method investments 
 Equity investments 
 Long-term deferred income taxes 
 Prepaid pension costs 
 Postretirement other than pension asset 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 Other long-term receivables 
 Other long-term assets 
 Total other assets 
 
 Other accrued expenses 
 Taxes other than income taxes 
 Miscellaneous services 
 Customer rebates 
 Interest 
 Product liability 
 Contingent consideration liability 
 Current operating lease liabilities 
 Current obligations of finance leases 
 Accrued expenses 
 Total other accrued expenses 
 
 Other liabilities 
 Asset retirement obligations 
 Long-term deferred income taxes 
 Long-term income tax liability 
 Long-term deferred compensation 
 Postretirement other than pension 
 Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 
 Environmental liabilities 
 Net investment hedge liabilities 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Total other liabilities 

Additional details on the trade receivables allowance for doubtful accounts, credits related to pricing or quantities shipped and early payment discounts for 2023, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Charged to expenses and other adjustments 
 Write-offs 
 Foreign currency translation effect 
 Balance at end of year 

Statement of Comprehensive Income Information 
 
 The following tables provides details of total comprehensive income (loss): 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 1 - 
 Defined benefit pension plans adjustment 2 - 
 Interest rate swap 3 - 
 Net investment hedges 3 - 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Comprehensive income 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 1 - 
 Defined benefit pension plans adjustment 2 - 
 Interest rate swap 3 - 
 Other cash flow hedges 3 - 
 Net investment hedges 3 - 
 Other comprehensive income 
 Comprehensive income 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 1 - 
 Defined benefit pension plans adjustment 2 - 
 Interest rate swap 3 - 
 Other cash flow hedges 3 - 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income 
 Comprehensive income 

1 Income taxes are not provided for foreign currency translation relating to indefinite investments in international subsidiaries. 
 
 2 Loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings as part of net periodic cost related to pension and other postretirement benefit plans is reported in cost of sales and SG A expenses. 
 
 3 Loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings is reported in other income, net. 
 
 Statement of Total Equity Information 
 
 Components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are as follows: 
 Defined benefit pension plans adjustment, net of taxes of 66,982 
 Interest rate swap, net of taxes of 1,460 
 Net investment hedges, net of taxes of 17,744 
 Reclassification of AOCI tax effects 
 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Defined benefit pension plans adjustment, net of taxes of 67,744 - 
 Net investment hedges, net of taxes of 13,297 
 Reclassification of AOCI tax effects - 
 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Defined benefit pension plans adjustment, net of taxes of 63,925 
 Interest rate swap, net of taxes of 3,224 
 Cash flow hedges, net of taxes of 53 
 Reclassification of AOCI tax effects 
 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Acquisitions 
 Foreign currency translation effect 
 As of December 2, 2023 

We evaluate our goodwill for impairment annually at the beginning of the fourth quarter or earlier upon the occurrence of substantive unfavorable changes in economic conditions, industry trends, costs, cash flows, or ongoing declines in market capitalization. The quantitative impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, the assignment of assets, liabilities and goodwill to reporting units, and the determination of fair value of each reporting unit. The impairment test requires the comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. In performing the impairment test, we determined the fair value of our reporting units through the income approach by using DCF analyses. Determining fair value requires the company to make judgments about appropriate discount rates, perpetual growth rates and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. The cash flows employed in the DCF analysis for each reporting unit are based on the reporting unit's budget, long-term business plan and recent operating performance. Discount rate assumptions are based on an assessment of the risk inherent in the future cash flows of the respective reporting unit and market conditions. Based on the analysis performed during the fourth quarter of 2023 , there were no indications of impairment for any of our reporting units. 

Balances of amortizable identifiable intangible assets, excluding goodwill and other non-amortizable intangible assets, are as follows: 

Accumulated amortization 
 Net identifiable intangibles 
 Weighted-average useful lives (in years) 
 As of December 3, 2022 
 Original cost 
 Accumulated amortization 
 Net identifiable intangibles 
 Weighted-average useful lives (in years) 

Amortization expense with respect to amortizable intangible assets was , and in 2023, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 Estimated aggregate amortization expense based on the current carrying value of amortizable intangible assets for the next five fiscal years are as follows: 

The above amortization expense forecast is an estimate. Actual amounts may change from such estimated amounts due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, additional intangible asset acquisitions, potential impairment, accelerated amortization or other events. 
 
 Non-amortizable intangible assets as of December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022 were and , respectively, and relate to trademarks and trade names. The change in non-amortizable assets in 2023 compared to 2022 was due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 

61

Table of Contents 

Finance lease cost: 
 Amortization of assets 
 Interest on lease liabilities 
 Variable lease cost 
 Total net lease cost 

Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases is as follows: 

Current operating lease liabilities Other accrued expenses 
 Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Other liabilities 
 Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 Finance leases: 
 Equipment right-of-use assets Property, plant and equipment 
 Building right-of-use asset Property, plant and equipment 
 
 Current obligations of finance leases Other accrued expenses 
 Finance leases, net of current obligations Other liabilities 
 Total finance lease liabilities 

As of December 2, 2023 , the weighted average remaining lease term is years and the weighted average discount rate is for the company's operating lease agreements. The weighted average remaining lease term is years and the weighted average discount rate is for the company's finance lease agreements. 
 
 Supplemental information related to leases is as follows: 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 
 Financing cash flows from finance leases 
 
 Non-cash investing and financing activities - 
 additions to right-of-use assets obtained from: 
 New operating lease liabilities 
 New finance lease liabilities 

Maturities of lease liabilities are as follows: 

2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 2029 and beyond 
 Total 
 Less: amounts representing interest 
 Present value of future minimum payments 
 Less: current obligations 
 Noncurrent lease liabilities 

and at December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022 , respectively. This amount primarily represents various foreign subsidiaries other short-term borrowings that were not part of committed lines. The weighted-average interest rates on short-term borrowings outstanding at December 2, 2023 were approximately percent, percent in 2022 and percent in 2021. Fair values of these short-term obligations approximate their carrying values due to their short maturity. There were funds drawn from the short-term committed lines at December 2, 2023 . 

Long-Term Debt 

Term Loan A 1 
 Term Loan B 2 
 Public Notes 3 
 Public Notes 4 
 Other, including debt issuance cost and discount 
 Total debt 
 Less: current maturities - - 
 Total long-term debt, excluding current maturities 

1 Term Loan A, due on February 15, 2028, variable rate at the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plu s an adjustment of percent and an interest rate spread of percent based on a leverage grid percent at December 2, 2023 ). 
 
 2 Term Loan B, due on February 15, 2030, variable rate at the SOFR plu s percent with a SOFR floor of percent percent at December 2, 2023 ). 
 
 3 Public Notes, due February 15, 2027, percent fixed. 
 
 4 Public Notes, due October 15, 2028, percent fixed; swapped to a floating rate as detailed below. 
 
 On February 15, 2023, we entered into a credit agreement with a consortium of financial institutions Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement which replaces our existing revolving credit agreement under the amended and restated revolving credit agreement dated October 20, 2020 and also replaces our secured term loan credit agreement dated October 20, 2017. The Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement provides for a new senior secured term loan A facility in an aggregate principal amount of Term Loan A ), a new senior secured term loan B facility in an aggregate principal amount of Term Loan B and amendments to and extension of our existing senior secured revolving credit facility with an aggregate commitment in the amount of Revolving Credit Facility ). A portion of the proceeds of the combined facilities, (the Credit Facilities was used to pay off the existing term loan and revolver. Additionally, we wrote off of debt issuance costs related to this payoff which was recorded in interest expense for the year ended December 2, 2023 . The Credit Facilities will generally be used to finance working capital needs and acquisitions, and for general corporate purposes. All of our obligations under the Credit Facilities are secured by a first -lien security interest in substantially all personal property and material real property of the Company and its material U.S. subsidiaries, and are guaranteed by all of the Company s material U.S. subsidiaries. 

Term Loans 
 
 Interest on Term Loan A is payable at a rate of SOFR plus an adjustment of percent and an interest rate spread of percent percent at December 2, 2023 ). The interest rate spread is based on a secured leverage grid. Term Loan A matures on February 15, 2028. At December 2, 2023 , a balance of was outstanding on the Term Loan A. On August 16, 2023, we amended the Term Loan B agreement to an interest rate of SOFR plus an interest rate spread of percent with a SOFR floor of percent percent at December 2, 2023 ). Term Loan B matures on February 15, 2030. At December 2, 2023 , a balance of was outstanding on the Term Loan B. 
 
 On January 12, 2023, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement to convert of our variable rate 1 -month LIBOR rate debt to a fixed rate of percent. On February 28, 2023, after entering into the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, we amended the interest rate swap agreement to 1 -month SOFR and a fixed rate of in accordance with the practical expedients included in ASC 848, Reference Rate Reform . See Note 12 for further discussion of this interest rate swap. 
 
 On March 16, 2023, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement to convert of our 1 -month SOFR rate debt to a fixed rate of percent and to convert of our 1 -month SOFR rate debt to a fixed rate of percent. See Note 12 for further discussion of this interest rate swap. 
 
 Public Notes 
 
 On February 14, 2017, we issued aggregate principal of 10 -year unsecured public notes 10 -year Public Notes due February 15, 2027 with a fixed coupon of percent. Proceeds from this debt issuance were used to repay outstanding under the revolving credit facility at that time and prepay of our Term Loan A under the credit agreement at that time. On February 14, 2017, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement to convert of the -year Public Notes to a variable interest rate of 1 -month LIBOR plus percent and on May 1, 2020, we terminated the swap. See Note 12 for further discussion of this interest rate swap. 
 
 On October 20, 2020, we issued aggregate principal of -year unsecured public notes 8 -year Public Notes due October 15, 2028 with a fixed coupon of percent. Proceeds from this debt issuance were used to prepay of our Term Loan B at that time. On February 12, 2021, we entered into interest rate swap agreements to convert our 8 -year Public Notes to a variable interest rate of 1 -month LIBOR plus percent. See Note 12 for further discussion of these interest rate swaps. 
 
 The Public Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the company and will rank equally with the company s other unsecured and unsubordinated debt from time to time outstanding. 
 
 Fair Value of Long-Term Debt 
 
 Long-term debt had an estimated fair value of and as of December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022 , respectively. The fair value of long-term debt is based on quoted market prices for the same or similar issues or on the current rates offered for debt of similar maturities. The estimated fair value of these long-term obligations is not necessarily indicative of the amount that would be realized in a current market exchange. 
 
 Long-term Debt Maturities 
 
 Maturities of long-term debt for the next five fiscal years are as follows: 

Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 Interest on the Revolving Credit Facility is payable at SOFR plus an adjustment of percent and an interest rate spread of percent percent at December 2, 2023 ). A facility fee of basis points of the unused commitment under the Revolving Credit Facility is payable quarterly. The interest rate spread and the facility fee are based on a secured leverage grid. At December 2, 2023 , there was balance outstanding on the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility matures on February 15, 2028. 
 
 As of December 2, 2023 , amounts related to our revolving credit facility was as follows: 

The secured, multi-currency revolving credit facility can be drawn upon for general corporate purposes up to a maximum of , less issued letters of credit. At December 2, 2023 , letters of credit reduced the available amount under the revolving credit facility by . 
 
 Covenants and Other 
 
 Under the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, the Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan A are subject to certain covenants and restrictions. For these facilities, we are required to maintain a secured leverage ratio, as defined in the agreement, no greater than to 1.00 for our fiscal quarters ending on or prior to June 1, 2024 and then to 1.00 thereafter. We are also required to maintain an interest coverage ratio of not less than to 1.00. 
 
 Restrictive covenants include, but are not limited to, limitations on secured and unsecured borrowings, interest coverage, intercompany transfers and investments, third party investments, dispositions of assets, leases, liens, dividends and distributions, and contains a maximum total debt to trailing twelve months EBITDA requirement. Certain covenants become less restrictive after meeting leverage or other financial ratios. In addition, we cannot be a member of any consolidated group as defined for income tax purposes other than with our subsidiaries. 
 We are subject to mandatory prepayments in the first quarter of each fiscal year equal to percent of Excess Cash Flow, as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, of the prior fiscal year less any voluntary prepayments made during that fiscal year. The Excess Cash Flow Percentage shall be reduced to percent when our Secured Leverage Ratio is below 4.25:1.00 and to percent when our Secured Leverage Ratio is below 3.75:1.00. 
 
 The principal balance of the Term Loan B loans will be repayable in equal quarterly installments in an aggregate annual amount equal to percent of the original principal amount thereof, with the balance due at maturity on February 15, 2030. The principal balance of the Term Loan A loans will be repayable in quarterly installments as follows: (i) with respect to the first eight fiscal quarters ended after the effective date of the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, percent of the aggregate principal amount of the original principal of the Term Loan A loans, (ii) with respect to the eight fiscal quarters ended after the end of the period set forth in the preceding clause (i), percent of the aggregate principal amount of the original principal amount of the Term Loan A loans, and (iii) thereafter, percent of the original principal amount of the Term Loan A loans, with the balance due at maturity on February 15, 2028. 
 
 The Indenture under which the Public Notes have been issued contains covenants imposing certain limitations on the ability of the company to incur liens or enter into sales and leaseback transactions. It also provides for customary events of default (subject in certain cases to customary grace and cure periods), which include among other things nonpayment, breach of covenants in the Indenture and certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency. If an event of default occurs and is continuing with respect to the Public Notes, the Trustee or holders of at least 25 in principal amount outstanding of the Public Notes may declare the principal and the accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all of the outstanding Public Notes to be due and payable. These covenants and events of default are subject to a number of important qualifications, limitations and exceptions that are described in the Indenture. 

shares of preferred stock that may be issued in one or more series and with such stated value and terms as the Board of Directors may determine. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 There were shares of common stock with a par value of authorized and and shares issued and outstanding at December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022 , respectively. 
 
 On April 7, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program of up to of our outstanding common shares for a period of up to five years. Under the program, we are authorized to repurchase shares for cash on the open market, from time to time, in privately negotiated transactions or block transactions, or through an accelerated repurchase agreement. The timing of such repurchases is dependent on price, market conditions and applicable regulatory requirements. Upon repurchase of the shares, we reduce our common stock for the par value of the shares with the excess being applied against additional paid-in capital. This authorization replaces the April 6, 2017 authorization to repurchase shares. We did not repurchase any shares during 2023, 2022 and 2021 under our share repurchase program. Up to of our outstanding common shares may still be repurchased under the current share repurchase program. 

Stock options exercised 
 Deferred compensation paid 
 Restricted units vested 
 Shares withheld for taxes 
 Ending balance 

Share-based Compensation Plans 
 
 We currently grant stock options and restricted stock units under equity compensation and deferred compensation plans. 
 
 Stock options are granted to officers and key employees at prices not less than the fair market value at the date of grant. Non-qualified stock options are generally exercisable beginning one year from the date of grant in cumulative yearly amounts of percent. Incentive stock options are based on certain performance-based criteria and are generally exercisable at a stated date when the performance criteria is measured. Stock options generally have a contractual term of years. Options exercised represent newly issued shares. 
 
 Restricted stock awards are nonvested stock-based awards that include grants of restricted stock units. Restricted stock awards are independent of option grants and are subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to the release of the restrictions. Time-based restricted stock awards generally vest beginning one year from the date of grant or percent per year for three years, depending on the grant. Performance-based restricted stock awards vest three years from the date of grant. During the vesting period, ownership of the shares cannot be transferred. 
 
 Restricted stock units have dividend equivalent rights equal to the cash dividend paid on restricted stock shares. However, restricted stock units do not have voting rights of common stock and are not considered issued and outstanding upon grant. Restricted stock units become newly issued shares when vested. The dividend equivalent rights for restricted stock units are forfeitable. 
 
 We expense the cost, which is the grant date fair market value, of the restricted stock units ratably over the period during which the restrictions lapse. The grant date fair value is our closing stock price on the date of grant. 
 
 We are required to recognize compensation expense when an employee is eligible to retire. We consider employees eligible to retire at age 55 and after 10 years of service. Awards granted to retirement-eligible employees are forfeited if the retirement-eligible employees retire prior to 180 days after the grant. Accordingly, the related compensation expense is recognized during the 180 day period for awards granted to retirement-eligible employees or over the period from the grant date to the date retirement eligibility is achieved, if less than the stated vesting period. 
 
 2020 Master Incentive Plan 
 
 This plan allows for granting of awards to any employee, officer, non-employee director, consultant, independent contractor or advisor providing services to us or any of our affiliates, or any person to whom an offer of employment or engagement with us or any of our affiliates has been made. The plan permits granting of (a) stock options; (b) stock appreciation rights; (c) restricted stock and restricted stock units; (d) performance awards; (e) dividend equivalents; (f) other awards based on our common stock, including shares for amounts employees or non-employee directors deferred under the deferred compensation plans. There were common shares available for grant as of December 2, 2023 . 
 
 2018 Master Incentive Plan 
 
 This plan allows for granting of awards to employees. The plan permits granting of (a) stock options; (b) stock appreciation rights; (c) restricted stock and restricted stock units; (d) performance awards; (e) dividend equivalents; (f) other awards based on our common stock, including shares for amounts employees deferred under the Key Employee Deferred Compensation Plan. 

Year 2016 Master Incentive Plan 
 
 This plan allows for granting of awards to employees. The plan permits granting of (a) stock options; (b) stock appreciation rights; (c) restricted stock awards; (d) performance awards; (e) dividend equivalents; and (f) other awards based on our common stock, including shares for amounts employees deferred under the Key Employee Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 
 2009 Directors Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 This plan permits granting of (a) shares for amounts non-employee directors defer under the Directors Deferred Compensation Plan and (b) discretionary grants of restricted stock, stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance awards and other stock awards. 
 
 Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 This plan allows non-employee directors to defer all or a portion of their retainer and meeting fees in a number of investment choices, including units representing shares of our common stock. We provide a percent match on deferred compensation invested in these units. These units are required to be paid out in our common stock. 
 
 Key Employee Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 This plan allows key employees to defer a portion of their eligible compensation in a number of investment choices, including units representing shares of company common stock. We provide a percent match on deferred compensation invested in these units. 
 
 Grant-Date Fair Value 
 
 We use the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to calculate the grant-date fair value of stock option awards. The fair value of options granted during 2023, 2022 and 2021 were calculated using the following assumptions: 

Weighted-average expected volatility 
 Expected volatility range - - - 
 Risk-free interest rate - - - 
 Weighted-average expected dividend 
 Expected dividend yield range - - - 
 Weighted-average fair value of grants 

Expected life We use historical employee exercise and option expiration data to estimate the expected life assumption for the Black-Scholes grant-date valuation. We believe that this historical data is currently the best estimate of the expected term of a new option. We use a weighted-average expected life for all awards. 
 
 Expected volatility Volatility is calculated using our stock s historical volatility for the same period of time as the expected life. We have no reason to believe that its future volatility will differ from the past. 
 
 Risk-free interest rate The rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant for the same period of time as the expected life. 
 
 Expected dividend yield The calculation is based on the total expected annual dividend payout divided by the closing stock price on the date of grant. 
 
 Expense 
 
 We use the straight-line attribution method to recognize share-based compensation expense for option awards and restricted stock units with graded and cliff vesting. Incentive stock options and performance awards are based on certain performance-based metrics and the expense is adjusted quarterly, based on our projections of the achievement of those metrics. The amount of share-based compensation expense recognized during a period is based on the value of the portion of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest. The expense is recognized over the requisite service period, which for us is the period between the grant date and the earlier of the award s stated vesting term or the date the employee is eligible for early vesting based on the terms of the plans. 

Total share-based compensation expense was , and for 2023, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. All share-based compensation was recorded as SG A expense. 
 
 As of December 2, 2023 , of unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested stock option awards is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested restricted stock units was which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Stock Option Activity 
 
 The stock option activity for the years ended December 2, 2023, December 3, 2022, and November 27, 2021 is summarized below: 

Granted 
 Exercised 
 Forfeited or cancelled 
 Outstanding at November 27, 2021 
 Granted 
 Exercised 
 Forfeited or cancelled 
 Outstanding at December 3, 2022 
 Granted 
 Exercised 
 Forfeited or cancelled 
 Outstanding at December 2, 2023 

The fair value of options granted during 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , respectively. Total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , respectively. For options outstanding at December 2, 2023 , the weighted-average remaining contractual life was years and the aggregate intrinsic value was . There were options exercisable at December 2, 2023 , with a weighted-average remaining contractual life of years and an aggregate intrinsic value of . Intrinsic value is the difference between our closing stock price on the respective trading day and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of options exercised. Proceeds received from option exercises during the year ended December 2, 2023, December 3, 2022, and November 27, 2021 were , and , respectively. The company s actual tax benefits realized for the tax deductions related to the exercise of stock options for 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , respectively. 

Restricted Stock Unit Activity 
 
 The nonvested restricted stock unit activity for the years ended December 2, 2023, December 3, 2022, and November 27, 2021 is summarized below: 

Granted 
 Vested - 
 Forfeited 
 Nonvested at November 27, 2021 
 Granted 
 Vested - 
 Forfeited 
 Nonvested at December 3, 2022 
 Granted 
 Vested - 
 Forfeited 
 Nonvested at December 2, 2023 

Total fair value of restricted stock units vested during 2023 , 2022 , and 2021 was , and , respectively. The total fair value of nonvested restricted stock at December 2, 2023 was . 
 
 We indirectly repurchased , and shares during 2023, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, through a net-settlement feature in connection with the statutory minimum tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock. The company s actual tax benefits realized for the tax deductions related to the restricted stock vested for 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , respectively. 
 
 Deferred Compensation Activity 
 
 Deferred compensation units are fully vested at the date of contribution. The deferred compensation units outstanding for the years ended December 2, 2023, December 3, 2022, and November 27, 2021 is summarized below: 

Participant contributions 
 Company match contributions 1 
 Payouts 
 Units outstanding November 27, 2021 
 Participant contributions 
 Company match contributions 1 
 Payouts 
 Units outstanding December 3, 2022 
 Participant contributions 
 Company match contributions 1 
 Payouts 
 Units outstanding December 2, 2023 

1 The non-employee directors company match includes , and deferred compensation units paid as discretionary awards to all non-employee directors in 2023, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

The fair value of non-employee directors company matches for 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , respectively. The fair value of the non-employee directors discretionary award was , and for 2023 , 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The fair value of employee company matches was , and for 2023, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

percent of their pre-tax earnings to a 401 (k) plan, subject to IRS limitations. We match up to the first percent of each employee's pre-tax earnings, based on the employee s contributions. All U.S. employees are eligible for a separate annual non-discretionary retirement contribution to the 401 (k) plan of percent of pay, that is invested based on the election of the individual participant. The percent contribution is in addition to our percent matching contribution described above and is in lieu of participation in our defined benefit pension plan. The total contribution to the 401 (k) plan for 2023 was which included the cost of the percent company match of and the additional percent contribution of . T he total contributions to the 401 (k) plan were and in 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 All U.S. employees are eligible to receive an annual discretionary non-elective contribution to the 401 (k) plan of up to 3 percent based on achieving the company s earnings per share target. This discretionary contribution is in addition to the contributions described above. There was discretionary non-elective contribution for 2023 and a discretionary non-elective contribution of was accrued for 2022 . 
 
 The defined contribution plan liability recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets was and in 2023 and 2022 , respectively, for the U.S. Plan and several statutorily required non-U.S. Plans. 
 
 Defined Benefit Plans 
 
 Noncontributory defined benefit pension plans cover all U.S. employees employed prior to January 1, 2007. Benefits for these plans are based primarily on each employee s years of service and average compensation. During 2011, we made significant changes to our U.S. pension plan. The changes included: benefits under the plan were locked-in using service and salary as of May 31, 2011, participants no longer earn benefits for future service and salary as they had in the past, affected participants receive a three percent increase to the locked-in benefit for every year they continue to work for us and we are making a retirement contribution of three percent of eligible compensation to the 401 (k) Plan for those participants. The funding policy is consistent with the funding requirements of federal law and regulations. Plan assets consist principally of listed equity securities and bonds. During 2020, we amended the U.S. pension plan to add a program for eligible employees to take a lump sum distribution. amounts were paid under this program in 2023 or 2022. Other U.S. postretirement benefits are funded through a Voluntary Employees' Beneficiaries Association Trust. 

Health care and life insurance benefits are provided for eligible retired employees and their eligible dependents. These benefits are provided through various insurance companies and health care providers. Costs are accrued during the years the employee renders the necessary service. 
 
 Certain non-U.S. subsidiaries provide pension benefits for their employees consistent with local practices and regulations. These plans are primarily defined benefit plans covering substantially all employees upon completion of a specified period of service. Benefits for these plans are generally based on years of service and annual compensation. 
 
 Following is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets as of December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022 : 

Service cost 
 Interest cost 
 Participant contributions 
 Actuarial gain 1 
 Curtailments 
 Settlement payments 
 Benefits paid 
 Foreign currency translation effect 
 Benefit obligation at end of year 
 
 Change in plan assets 
 Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 
 Actual return on plan assets 
 Employer contributions 
 Participant contributions 
 Settlement payments 
 Benefits paid 2 
 Foreign currency translation effect 
 Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
 Plan assets in excess of (less than) benefit obligation as of year end 

1 Actuarial gain in 2023 and 2022 for the U.S. Plans is primarily due to assumption changes. Actuarial gain in 2023 and 2022 for the Non-U.S. Plans are due to both assumption changes and plan experience. 
 2 Amount excludes benefit payments made from sources other than plan assets. 

Unrecognized prior service cost 
 Ending balance 

Accrued benefit cost 
 Current liabilities 
 Non-current liabilities 
 Ending balance 

The accumulated benefit obligation of the U.S. pension and other postretirement plans was at December 2, 2023 and at December 3, 2022 . The accumulated benefit obligation of the non-U.S. pension plans was at December 2, 2023 and at December 3, 2022 . 
 
 The following amounts relate to pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022 : 

Fair value of plan assets 

The following amounts relate to pension plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022 : 

Fair value of plan assets 

Information about the expected cash flows is as follows: 

Expected benefit payments 
 2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028- 2033 

The components of our net period defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit costs other than service cost are presented as non-operating expenses and service cost is presented in operating expenses. 
 
 Components of net periodic benefit cost and other supplemental information for the years ended December 2, 2023, December 3, 2022, and November 27, 2021 are as follows: 

Interest cost 
 Expected return on assets 
 Amortization: 
 Prior service (benefit) cost 
 Actuarial loss (gain) 
 Settlement charge 
 Net periodic (benefit) cost 

Rate of compensation increase 1 N/A N/A N/A 

Expected return on plan assets 
 Rate of compensation increase 1 0.00 0.00 0.00 

1 Under the U.S. pension plan, the compensation amount was locked-in as of May 31, 2011 and thus the benefit no longer includes compensation increases. 

The discount rate assumption is determined using an actuarial yield curve approach, which results in a discount rate that reflects the characteristics of the plan. The approach identifies a broad population of corporate bonds that meet the quality and size criteria for the particular plan. We use this approach rather than a specific index that has a certain set of bonds that may or may not be representative of the characteristics of our particular plan. A higher discount rate reduces the present value of the pension obligations. The discount rate for the U.S. pension plan was percent at December 2, 2023 , percent at December 3, 2022 and percent at November 27, 2021 . Net periodic pension cost for a given fiscal year is based on assumptions developed at the end of the previous fiscal year. A discount rate change of percentage points at December 2, 2023 would impact U.S. pension and other postretirement plan (income) expense by approximately (pre-tax) in fiscal 2024. Discount rates for non-U.S. plans are determined in a manner consistent with the U.S. plans. 
 
 For the U.S. pension plan, we adopte d the Adjusted Pri- 2012 base mortality table projected generationally using scale MP- 2021. 
 
 The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption for the U.S. pension plan was percent in 2023 , percent in 2022 and percent in 2021 . Our expected long-term rate of return on U.S. plan assets was based on our target asset allocation assumption of percent equities and percent fixed-income. Management, in conjunction with our external financial advisors, determines the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets by considering the expected future returns and volatility levels for each asset class that are based on historical returns and forward-looking observations. For 2023 , the expected long-term rate of return on the target equities allocation was p ercent and the expected long-term rate of return on the target fixed-income allocation was percent. The total plan rate of return assumption included an estimate of the effect of diversification and the plan expense. A change of percentage points for the expected return on assets assumption would impact U.S. net pension and other postretirement plan expense by approxi mately (pre-tax). 
 
 Management, in conjunction with our external financial advisors, uses the actual historical rates of return of the asset categories to assess the reasonableness of the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. 
 
 The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption for non-U.S. pension plans was a weighted-average of percent in 2023 compared to percent in 2022 and percent in 2021 . The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption used in each non-U.S. plan is determined on a plan-by-plan basis for each local jurisdiction and is based on expected future returns for the investment mix of assets currently in the portfolio for that plan. Management, in conjunction with our external financial advisors, develops expected rates of return for each plan, considers expected long-term returns for each asset category in the plan, reviews expectations for inflation for each local jurisdiction, and estimates the effect of active management of the plan s assets. Our largest non-U.S. pension plans are in the United Kingdom and Germany. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets for the United Kingdom was percent and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets for Germany was percent. Management, in conjunction with our external financial advisors, uses actual historical returns of the asset portfolio to assess the reasonableness of the expected rate of return for each plan. 

Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) 
 Fiscal year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 

The asset allocation for the company s U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans at the end of 2023 and 2022 follows. 

Fixed income 
 Insurance 
 Cash 1 
 Total 

Plan Asset Management 
 
 Plan assets are held in trust and invested in mutual funds, separately managed accounts and other commingled investment vehicles holding U.S. and non-U.S. equity securities, fixed income securities and other investment classes. We employ a total return approach whereby a mix of equities and fixed income investments are used to maximize the long-term return of plan assets for a prudent level of risk. Futures and options may also be used to enhance risk-adjusted long-term returns while improving portfolio diversification and duration. Risk management is accomplished through diversification across asset classes, utilization of multiple investment managers and general plan-specific investment policies. Risk tolerance is established through careful consideration of the plan liabilities, plan funded status and our assessment of our overall liquidity position. This asset allocation policy mix is reviewed annually and actual versus target allocations are monitored regularly and rebalanced on an as-needed basis. Plan assets are invested using a combination of active and passive investment strategies. Passive, or indexed strategies, attempt to mimic rather than exceed the investment performance of a market benchmark. The plans active investment strategies employ multiple investment management firms which in aggregate cover a range of investment styles and approaches. Performance is monitored and compared to relevant benchmarks on a regular basis. 
 
 The U.S. pension plans consist of two plans: a pension plan and a supplemental executive retirement plan SERP ). There were assets in the SERP in 2023 and 2022 . Consequently, all of the data disclosed in the asset allocation table for the U.S. pension plans pertain to our U.S. pension plan. 
 
 During 2023 , we maintained our assets within the allowed ranges of the target asset alloca tion mix of percent equities and pe rcent fixed income plus or minus 5 percent and continued our focus to reduce volatility of plan assets in future periods and to more closely match the duration of the assets with the duration of the liabilities of the plan. 
 
 The non-U.S. pension plans consist of all the pension plans administered outside the U.S., principally consisting of plans in Germany and the United Kingdom. During 2023 , we maintained our assets for the non-U.S. pension plans at the specific target asset allocation mix determined for each plan plus or minus the allowed rate and continued our focus to reduce volatility of plan assets in future periods and to more closely match the duration of the assets with the duration of the liabilities of the individual plans. We plan to maintain the portfolios at their respective target asset allocations in 2024. 
 
 Other postretirement benefits plans consist of two U.S. plans: a retiree medical health care plan and a group term life insurance plan. There were no assets in the group term life insurance plan for 2023 and 2022 . Consequently, all of the data disclosed in the asset allocation table for other postretirement plans pertain to our retiree medical health care plan. Our investment strategy for other postretirement benefit plans is to own insurance policies that maintain an asset allocation nearly completely in equities. These equities are invested in a passive portfolio indexed to the S P 500. 

Fair Value of Plan Assets 
 
 The following table presents plan assets categorized within a three -level fair value hierarchy as described in Note 13. 

Fixed income 
 Cash 
 Total categorized in the fair value hierarchy 
 Other investments measured at NAV 1 - - - 
 Total 

Fixed income 
 Cash 
 Total categorized in the fair value hierarchy 
 Other investments measured at NAV 1 
 Total 

Cash 
 Total 

Fixed income 
 Insurance 
 Cash 
 Total categorized in the fair value hierarchy 

Fixed income 
 Cash 
 Total categorized in the fair value hierarchy 
 Other investments measured at NAV 1 
 Total 

Cash 
 Total 

1 In accordance with ASC Topic 820 - 10, Fair Value Measurement , certain investments that are measured at NAV (Net Asset Value per share) (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts represented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the statement of financial position. 
 
 The definitions of fair values of our pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets at December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022 by asset category are as follows: 
 
 Equities Primarily publicly traded common stock for purposes of total return and to maintain equity exposure consistent with policy allocations. Investments include: (i) U.S. and non-U.S. equity securities and mutual funds valued at closing prices from national exchanges; and (ii) commingled funds valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers, which are based on the fair value of the underlying investments. Funds valued at net asset value have various investment strategies including seeking maximum total returns consistent with prudent investment management, seeking current income consistent with preservation of capital and daily liquidity and seeking to approximate the risk and return characterized by a specific index fund. There are no restrictions for redeeming holdings out of these funds and the funds have no unfunded commitments. 
 
 Fixed income Primarily corporate and government debt securities for purposes of total return and managing fixed income exposure to policy allocations. Investments include (i) mutual funds valued at closing prices from national exchanges, (ii) corporate and government debt securities valued at closing prices from national exchanges, (iii) commingled funds valued at unit values or net asset value provided by the investment managers, which are based on the fair value of the underlying investments, and (iv) an annuity contract, the value of which is determined by the provider and represents the amount the plan would receive if the contract were cashed out at year-end. 
 
 Insurance Insurance contracts for purposes of funding postretirement medical benefits. Fair values are the cash surrender values as determined by the providers which are the amounts the plans would receive if the contracts were cashed out at year end. 
 
 Cash Cash balances on hand, accrued income and pending settlements of transactions for purposes of handling plan payments. Fair values are the cash balances as reported by the Trustees of the plans. 

The following is a roll forward of the Level 3 investments of our pension and postretirement benefit plan assets during the years ended December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022 : 

Net transfers (out of)/into level 3 
 Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements, net 
 Level 3 balance at end of year 

Net transfers into level 3 
 Net losses 
 Currency change effect 
 Level 3 balance at end of year 

Net transfers out of level 3 
 Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements, net 
 Net gains/(losses) 
 Level 3 balance at end of year 

Note 11: Income Taxes 

Non-U.S. 
 Total 

State 
 Non-U.S. 
 
 Deferred: 
 U.S. federal 
 State 
 Non-U.S. 
 
 Total 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 
 Foreign dividend repatriation 1 
 Foreign operations 
 Executive compensation over 1.0 million 
 Non-U.S. stock option expense 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 Research and development tax credit 
 Foreign-derived intangible income 
 Global intangible low-taxed income 
 Provision to return 
 Cross currency swap 
 Contingency reserve 
 Other 
 Total income tax expense 

1 Foreign dividend repatriation line includes impact of withholding tax recorded on earnings that are no longer permanently reinvested. 

Employee benefit costs 
 Foreign tax credit carryforward 
 Tax loss carryforwards 
 Leases 
 Hedging activity 
 Interest deduction limitation 
 Other 
 Gross deferred tax assets 
 Less: valuation allowance 
 Total net deferred tax assets 
 Deferred tax liability: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Pension and other post-retirement benefit plans 
 Undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries 
 Leases 
 Total deferred tax liability 
 Net deferred tax liability 

The difference between the change in the deferred tax liability on the balance sheet and the deferred tax provision is primarily related to the defined benefit pension plan adjustment and hedges recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) offset by liabilities established in purchase accounting. 
 
 Valuation allowances primarily relate to foreign net operating loss carryforwards and branch foreign tax credit carryforwards where the future potential benefits do not meet the more-likely-than- not realization test. The increase in the valuation allowance is primarily related to a decrease in foreign net operating losses for which the Company does not expect to receive a full tax benefit. 
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect for the years in which those deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. We record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more-likely-than- not to be realized. We believe it is more-likely-than- not that reversal of deferred tax liabilities and forecasted income will be sufficient to fully recover the net deferred tax assets not already offset by a valuation allowance. In the event that all or part of the gross deferred tax assets are determined not to be realizable in the future, an adjustment to the valuation allowance would be charged to earnings in the period such determination is made. 

U.S. income taxes have not been provided on approximately of undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries. We intend to indefinitely reinvest these undistributed earnings. Cash available in the United States has historically been sufficient and we expect it will continue to be sufficient to fund U.S. cash flow requirements. In the event these earnings are later distributed to the U.S., such distributions would likely result in additional U.S. tax. 
 
 While non-U.S. operations have been profitable overall, there are cumulative tax losses of in various countries. These tax losses can be carried forward to offset the income tax liabilities on future income in these countries. Cumulative tax losses of can be carried forward indefinitely, while the remaining of tax losses must be utilized during 2024 to 2041. 
 
 The U.S. has a branch foreign tax credit carryforward of . A valuation allowance has been recorded against this foreign tax credit carryforward to reflect that this amount is not more-likely-than- not to be realized. 
 
 The table below sets forth the changes to our gross unrecognized tax benefit as a result of uncertain tax positions, excluding accrued interest. We do not anticipate that the total unrecognized tax benefits will change significantly within the next twelve months. 

Tax positions related to the current year: 
 Additions 
 
 Tax positions related to prior years: 
 Additions 
 Reductions 
 Settlements 
 Lapses in applicable statutes of limitation 
 Balance at end of year 

Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022 are potential benefits of and respectively, that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. 
 
 We report accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. For the year ended December 2, 2023 , we recognized a net benefit for interest and penalties of relating to unrecognized tax benefits and had net accumulated accrued interest and penalties of as of December 2, 2023 . For the year ended December 3, 2022 , we recognized a net benefit for interest and penalties of relating to unrecognized tax benefits and had net accumulated accrued interest and penalties of as of December 3, 2022 . 
 
 We are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax in numerous state and foreign jurisdictions. We are no longer subject to U.S. federal tax examination for years prior to 2020 or Swiss income tax examination for years prior to 2020. During the second quarter of 2016, H.B. Fuller (China) Adhesives, Ltd. was notified of a transfer pricing audit covering the calendar years 2005 through 2014. We are in various stages of examination and appeal in other foreign jurisdictions. Although the final outcomes of these examinations cannot currently be determined, we believe that we have recorded adequate liabilities with respect to these examinations. 

84

Table of Contents 

of our variable rate 1 -month LIBOR rate debt to a fixed rate of percent that matures on January 12, 2028. On February 28, 2023, after refinancing our debt, we amended the interest rate swap agreement to our 1 -month SOFR rate debt to a fixed rate of in accordance with the practical expedients included in ASC 848, Reference Rate Reform . The combined fair value of the interest rate swap was an asset of at December 2, 2023 and was included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The swap was designated for hedge accounting treatment as a cash flow hedge. We are applying the hypothetical derivative method to assess hedge effectiveness for this interest rate swap. Changes in the fair value of a hypothetically perfect swap with terms that match the critical terms of our variable rate debt are compared with the change in the fair value of the swap. 
 
 O n March 16, 2023, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement to convert of our 1 -month SOFR rate debt to a fixed rate of percent that matures on February 15, 2028. The combined fair value of the interest rate swap was an asset of at December 2, 2023 and was included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The swap was designated for hedge accounting treatment as a cash flow hedge. We are applying the hypothetical derivative method to assess h edge effectiveness for this interest rate swap. Changes in the fair value of a hypothetically perfect swap with terms that match the critical terms of our variable rate debt are compared with the change in the fair value of the swaps. 
 
 On March 16, 2023, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement to convert of our 1 -month SOFR rate debt to a fixed rate of percent that matures on February 15, 2028. The combined fair value of the interest rate swap was a liability of at December 2, 2023 and was included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The swap was designated for hedge accounting treatment as a cash flow hedge. We are applying the hypothetical derivative method to assess hedge effectiveness for these interest rate swaps. Changes in the fair value of a hypothetically perfect swap with terms that match the critical terms of our variable rate debt are compared with the change in the fair value of the swaps. 

Table of Contents 

The amounts of pretax gains (losses) recognized in comprehensive income related to derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges are as follows: 

Interest rate swap contracts 
 Net investment hedges 

Fair Value Hedges 
 
 On February 12, 2021, we entered into interest rate swap agreements to convert our Public Notes that were issued on October 20, 2020 to a variable interest rate of 1 -month LIBOR plus percent. On June 30, 2023, 1 -month LIBOR rates ceased to exist and the IBOR Fallbacks Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association ("ISDA") took effect as outlined in the interest rate swap agreement. As a result, the interest rate swap agreements were converted to Overnight SOFR plus percent. We applied the practical expedients included in ASC 848, Reference Rate Reform . See Note 7 for further discussion on the issuance of our Public Notes. These interest rate swap agreements mature on October 15, 2028. The combined fair value of the interest rate swaps w as a liability of at December 2, 2023 , and was included in other liabilities in the Cons olidated Balance Sheets. The swaps were designated for hedge accounting treatment as fair value hedges. We apply the short cut method and assume hedge effectiveness. Changes in the fair value of a hypothetically perfect swap with terms that match the critical terms of our fixed rate Public Notes are compared with the change in the fair value of the swaps. 
 
 On February 14, 2017, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement to convert of our Public Notes that were issued on February 14, 2017 to a variable interest rate of 1 -month LIBOR plus percent. The swap was designated for hedge accounting treatment as a fair value hedge. We applied the hypothetical derivative method to assess hedge effectiveness for this interest rate swap. Changes in the fair value of a hypothetically perfect swap with terms that match the critical terms of our fixed rate Public Notes are compared with the change in the fair value of the swap. On May 1, 2020, we terminated the swap agreement. Upon termination, we received in cash. The remaining swap liability will be accounted for as a discount on long-term debt and will be amortized to interest expense over the remaining life of the Public Notes of seven years. 
 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 
 On October 17, 2022, we entered into a float-to-float cross-currency interest rate swap agreement with a notional amount of 307,173 maturing in October 2028. On October 20, 2022, we entered into fixed-to-fixed cross-currency interest rate swap agreements for a total notional amount of 300,000 with tranches maturing in August 2025, August 2026 and February 2027. On June 30, 2023, 1 -month LIBOR rates ceased to exist and the IBOR Fallbacks Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) took effect as outlined in the interest rate swap agreement. As a result, the 1 -month LIBOR leg of the float-to-float agreement was converted to Overnight SOFR plus percent. On July 17, 2023, we amended the 1 -month EURIBOR leg of the float-to-float agreement to Overnight ESTR plus percent. We applied the practical expedients included in ASC 848, Reference Rate Reform . As of December 2, 2023 , the combined fair value of the swaps was a liability of and was included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The cross-currency interest rate swaps hedge a portion of the Company s investment in Euro denominated foreign subsidiaries. 
 
 The swaps are designated as net investment hedges for accounting treatment. The net gains or losses attributable to changes in spot exchange rates are recorded in the cumulative translation adjustment within other comprehensive income (loss). The gains or losses are reclassified into earnings upon a liquidation event or deconsolidation of the foreign subsidiary. Any ineffective portions of net investment hedges are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings during the period of change. The amount in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to net investment hedge cross-currency sw aps was a loss of as of December 2, 2023 . The amounts of pretax loss recognized in comprehensive income related to the net investment hedge was in 2023. As of December 2, 2023 , we did not reclassify any gains or losses into earnings from net investment hedges and we do not expect to reclassify any such gain or loss into earnings within the next twelve months. No amounts related to net investment hedges have been excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 

Derivatives Not Designated As Hedging Instruments 
 
 The company uses foreign currency forward contracts to offset its exposure to the change in value of certain foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities held at foreign subsidiaries that are remeasured at the end of each period. Although the contracts are effective economic hedges, they are not designated as accounting hedges. Foreign currency forward contracts are recorded as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet at fair value. Changes in the value of these derivatives are recognized immediately in earnings, thereby offsetting the current earnings effect of the related foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. See Note 13 for fair value amounts of these derivative instruments. 
 
 As of December 2, 2023 , we had forward foreign currency contracts maturing bet ween December 4, 2023 and May 13, 2024. The mark-to-market effect associated with these contracts was largely offset by the underlying transaction gains and losses resulting from the foreign currency exposures for which these contracts relate. 
 
 The amounts of pretax gains (losses) recognized in other income, net related to derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments are as follows: 

Concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable are limited due to the large number of entities in the customer base and their dispersion across many different industries and countries. As of December 2, 2023 , there were no significant concentrations of credit risk. 

Balances Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 
 The following table presents information about our financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022 , and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques utilized to determine such fair value. 
 
 - - 
 Foreign exchange contract assets - - 
 Interest rate swaps, cash flow hedge assets 
 
 Liabilities: 
 Foreign exchange contract liabilities - - 
 Interest rate swaps, cash flow hedge liabilities - - 
 Interest rate swaps, fair value hedge liabilities 
 Net investment hedge liability 
 Contingent consideration liability 

- - 
 Foreign exchange contract assets - - 
 
 Liabilities: 
 Foreign exchange contract liabilities - - 
 Cross-currency cash flow hedge liabilities 
 Interest rate swaps, cash flow hedge liabilities - - 
 Contingent consideration liability - - 

The valuation of our contingent consideration liability related to the acquisitions of GSSI and TissueSeal was and , respectively, as of December 2, 2023 . As of December 2, 2023 , the agreement provisions for the ZKLT contingent consideration were met, and as a result, was paid during 2023. Adjustments to the fair value of contingent consideration are recorded to selling, general and administrative expenses in the Statement of Income. See Note 2 for further discussion regarding our acquisitions. 

Fair value adjustment 
 Payment of contingent consideration 
 Mark to market adjustment 
 Level 3 balance at end of year 

Balances Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 
 We measure certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These assets include intangible assets acquired in an acquisition. The identified intangible assets of customer relationships, technology and tradenames acquired in connection with our acquisitions were measured using unobservable (Level 3 inputs. The fair value of the intangible assets was calculated using either the income or cost approach. Significant inputs include estimated revenue growth rates, gross margins, operating expenses, attrition rate, royalty rate and discount rate. 

See Note 2 for further discussion regarding our acquisitions. 
 
 See Note 7 for discussion regarding the fair value of debt. 

and as of December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022 , respectively, for probable and reasonably estimable environmental remediation costs. Of the amount reserved, and as of December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022 , respectively, is attributable to a facility we own in Simpsonville, South Carolina as a result of our Royal Adhesives acquisition that is a designated site under CERCLA. 
 
 Currently we are involved in various environmental investigations, clean up activities and administrative proceedings and lawsuits. In particular, we are currently deemed a PRP in conjunction with numerous other parties, in a number of government enforcement actions associated with landfills and/or hazardous waste sites. As a PRP, we may be required to pay a share of the costs of investigation and clean up of these sites. In addition, we are engaged in environmental remediation and monitoring efforts at a number of current and former operating facilities. While uncertainties exist with respect to the amounts and timing of the ultimate environmental liabilities, based on currently available information, we have concluded that these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flow. 
 
 Other Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time and in the ordinary course of business, we are a party to, or a target of, lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings, including product liability, personal injury, contract, patent and intellectual property, environmental, health and safety, tax and employment matters. While we are unable to predict the outcome of these matters, we have concluded, based upon currently available information, that the ultimate resolution of any pending matter, individually or in the aggregate, including the asbestos litigation described in the following paragraphs, will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flow. 
 
 We have been named as a defendant in lawsuits in which plaintiffs have alleged injury due to products containing asbestos manufactured more than 35 years ago. The plaintiffs generally bring these lawsuits against multiple defendants and seek damages (both actual and punitive) in very large amounts. In many cases, plaintiffs are unable to demonstrate that they have suffered any compensable injuries or that the injuries suffered were the result of exposure to products manufactured by us. We are typically dismissed as a defendant in such cases without payment. If the plaintiff presents evidence indicating that compensable injury occurred as a result of exposure to our products, the case is generally settled for an amount that reflects the seriousness of the injury, the length, intensity and character of exposure to products containing asbestos, the number and solvency of other defendants in the case, and the jurisdiction in which the case has been brought. 

A significant portion of the defense costs and settlements in asbestos-related litigation is paid by third parties, including indemnification pursuant to the provisions of a 1976 agreement under which we acquired a business from a third party. Currently, this third party is defending and paying settlement amounts, under a reservation of rights, in most of the asbestos cases tendered to the third party. 
 
 In addition to the indemnification arrangements with third parties, we have insurance policies that generally provide coverage for asbestos liabilities, including defense costs. Historically, insurers have paid a significant portion of our defense costs and settlements in asbestos-related litigation. However, certain of our insurers are insolvent. We have entered into cost-sharing agreements with our insurers that provide for the allocation of defense costs and settlements and judgments in asbestos-related lawsuits. These agreements require, among other things, that we fund a share of settlements and judgments allocable to years in which the responsible insurer is insolvent. 
 
 A summary of the number of and settlement amounts for asbestos-related lawsuits and claims is as follows: 

Settlement amounts 
 Insurance payments received or expected to be received 

We do not believe that it would be meaningful to disclose the aggregate number of asbestos-related lawsuits filed against us because relatively few of these lawsuits are known to involve exposure to asbestos-containing products that we manufactured. Rather, we believe it is more meaningful to disclose the number of lawsuits that are settled and result in a payment to the plaintiff. To the extent we can reasonably estimate the amount of our probable liabilities for pending asbestos-related claims, we establish a financial provision and a corresponding receivable for insurance recoveries. 
 
 Based on currently available information, we have concluded that the resolution of any pending matter, including asbestos-related litigation, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flow. 

We have reportable segments: Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives, Engineering Adhesives and Construction Adhesives. The business components within each operating segment are managed to maximize the results of the overall operating segment rather than the results of any individual business component of the operating segment. Results of individual components of each operating segment are subject to numerous allocations of segment-wide costs that may or may not have been focused on that particular component for a particular reporting period. The costs for these allocated resources are not tracked on a where-used basis as financial performance is assessed at the total operating segment level. 
 
 Reportable operating segment financial information for all periods presented is as follows: 

Engineering Adhesives 
 Construction Adhesives 
 Total 
 
 Segment operating income (loss) 
 Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives 
 Engineering Adhesives 
 Construction Adhesives 
 Total segment 
 Corporate Unallocated 1 
 Total 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives 
 Engineering Adhesives 
 Construction Adhesives 
 Corporate Unallocated 1 
 Total 
 
 Total assets 2 
 Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives 
 Engineering Adhesives 
 Construction Adhesives 
 Corporate 
 Total 
 
 Capital expenditures 
 Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives 
 Engineering Adhesives 
 Construction Adhesives 
 Corporate 
 Total 

1 Consistent with our internal management reporting, Corporate Unallocated amounts in the tables above include net revenue and charges that are not allocated to the Company s reportable segments. 
 
 2 Segment assets include primarily inventory, accounts receivable, property, plant and equipment, goodwill, intangible assets and other miscellaneous assets. Corporate assets include primarily corporate property, plant and equipment, deferred tax assets, certain investments and other assets. 

Reconciliation of segment operating income to income before income taxes and income from equity method investments: 

Other income, net 
 Interest expense 
 Interest income 
 Income before income taxes and income from equity method investments 

Financial information about geographic areas 

China 
 Germany 
 Countries with more than 10 percent of total 
 All other countries with less than 10 percent of total 
 Total 

Germany 
 China 
 All other countries with less than 10 percent of total 
 Total 

We view the following disaggregation of net revenue by geographic region as useful to understanding the composition of revenue recognized during the respective reporting periods: 

EIMEA 
 Asia Pacific 

EIMEA 
 Asia Pacific 

EIMEA 
 Asia Pacific 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, management conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our President and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act )). Based on its evaluation, our management concluded that, as of December 2, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective (1) to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) to ensure that information require to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to us, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 
 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 2, 2023. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) . Based on its assessment, management concluded that, as of December 2, 2023, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. Ernst and Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting as of December 2, 2023, which is included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

93

Table of Contents 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 None. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information under the headings Proposal 1 - Election of Directors , Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports and Corporate Governance - Audit Committee contained in the company's Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 11, 2024 (the 2024 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The information contained at the end of Item 1. hereof under the heading Information About Our Executive Officers is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Since the date of our 2023 Proxy Statement, there have been no material changes to the procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors. 
 
 The company has a code of business conduct applicable to all of its directors and employees, including its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller and other employees performing similar functions. A copy of the code of business conduct is available under the Investor Relations section of the company s website at www.hbfuller.com . The company intends to disclose on its website information with respect to any amendment to or waiver from a provision of its code of business conduct that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller and other employees performing similar functions within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information under the headings Executive Compensation, Director Compensation and CEO Pay Ratio Disclosure contained in the 2024 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and "Equity Compensation Plan Information" contained in the 2024 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

94

Table of Contents 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

(c) 

Number of securities 

(a) 

(b) 

remaining available for 

Number of securities 

Weighted-average 

future issuance under 

to be issued upon 

exercise price 

equity compensation 

exercise of outstanding 

of outstanding 

plans (excluding 

options, warrants 

options, warrants 

securities reflected 

Period 
 
 and rights 

and rights 

in column (a)) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

5,470,575 
 1 

53.27 
 2 

3,413,652 
 3 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

- 

N/A 

- 

Total 

5,470,575 

47.77 

3,413,652 

1 Consists of outstanding stock options to acquire 4,941,885 shares of common stock, 283,714 outstanding time-based restricted stock units and 244,976 outstanding performance-based restricted stock units granted under the Company's equity compensation plans. 
 
 2 Consists of the weighted average exercise price of stock options granted under the Company's equity compensation plans. 
 
 3 Number of shares of common stock remaining available for future issuance under the Second Amended and Restated H.B. Fuller Company 2020 Master Incentive Plan. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 The information under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Corporate Governance - Director Independence contained in the 2024 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information under the heading Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm contained in the 2024 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

95

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 Documents filed as part of this report: 

1. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended December 2, 2023, December 3, 2022, and November 27, 2021. 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended December 2, 2023, December 3, 2022, and November 27, 2021. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 2, 2023 and December 3, 2022. 

Consolidated Statements of Total Equity for the fiscal years ended December 2, 2023, December 3, 2022, and November 27, 2021. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended December 2, 2023, December 3, 2022, and November 27, 2021. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules are omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 

96

Table of Contents 

3. 
 Exhibits 

Item 
 
 Incorporation by Reference 

3.1 
 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of H.B. Fuller Company, as amended 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 2, 2006. 

3.2 
 
 By-Laws of H.B. Fuller Company 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 2, 2015. 

3.3 
 
 Statement of Cancellation, dated October 13, 2016 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 12, 2016. 

4.1 
 
 Form of Certificate for common stock, par value 1.00 per share 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 10-Q dated March 30, 2023. 

4.2 
 
 Indenture, dated February 14, 2017, between H.B. Fuller Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 9, 2017. 

4.3 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated February 14, 2017, between H.B. Fuller Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, relating to the 4.0000 Notes due 2027 
 
 Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 9, 2017. 

4.4 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to First Supplemental Indenture, dated February 14, 2017 between H.B. Fuller Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, relating to the 4.0000 Notes due 2027 
 
 Exhibit 4.6 to the Current Report on Form 10-K dated January 31, 2018. 

4.5 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated October 20, 2020, between H.B. Fuller Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, relating to the 4.250 Notes due 2028 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 20, 2020. 

4.6 
 
 Form of Global Note representing the 4.000 Notes due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.3) 
 
 Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 9, 2017. 

4.7 
 
 Form of Global Note representing the 4.250 Notes due 2028 (included in Exhibit 4.5) 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 20, 2020. 

4.8 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 Exhibit 4.8 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K dated January 24, 2020. 

10.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated February 15, 2023, among H.B. Fuller Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and the various other parties named thereto. 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 21, 2023. 

10.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1, dated as of August 16, 2023, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated February 15, 2023, among H.B. Fuller Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and the various other parties named thereto. 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 10-Q dated September 28, 2023. 

10.3 
 
 Amended and Restated H.B. Fuller Company Year 2000 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 5, 2006. 

10.4 
 
 H.B. Fuller Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan II 2008 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 19, 2007. 

10.5 
 
 First Declaration of Amendment dated December 15, 2008 to the H.B. Fuller Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan II - 2008 
 
 Exhibit 10.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 29, 2008. 

97

Table of Contents 

10.6 
 
 Second Declaration of Amendment dated May 31, 2011 to the H.B. Fuller Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan II - 2008 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 28, 2011. 

10.7 
 
 Third Declaration of Amendment dated September 30, 2021 to the H.B. Fuller Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan II - 2008 
 
 Exhibit 10.9 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 27, 2021. 

10.8 
 
 H.B. Fuller Company Executive Benefit Trust dated October 25, 1993 between H.B. Fuller Company and U.S. Bank, National Association, as Trustee, as amended, relating to the H.B. Fuller Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 
 Exhibit 10(k) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 29, 1997. 

10.9 
 
 Amendments to H.B. Fuller Company Executive Benefit Trust, dated October 1, 1997 and March 2, 1998, between H.B. Fuller Company and First Trust National Association, as Trustee, relating to the H.B. Fuller Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 
 Exhibit 10(k) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K405 for the year ended November 28, 1998, 

10.10 
 
 Amendment to the H.B. Fuller Company Executive Benefit Trust dated December 19, 2007 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 19, 2007. 

10.11 
 
 Amendment to the H.B. Fuller Company Executive Benefit Trust dated March 31, 2009 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 30, 2009. 

10.12 
 
 H.B. Fuller Company Key Employee Deferred Compensation Plan (2021 Restatement) 
 
 Exhibit 10.11 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 27, 2021. 

10.13 
 
 Form of Change-in-Control Agreement between H.B. Fuller Company and each of its executive officers 
 
 Exhibit 10.11 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 29, 2008. 

10.14 
 
 Form of Change-in-Control Agreement between H.B. Fuller Company and each of its executive officers for agreements entered into after January 24, 2019 
 
 Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 24, 2019. 

10.15 
 
 Form of Severance Agreement between H.B. Fuller Company and each of its executive officers 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31, 2008. 

10.16 
 
 Form of Severance Agreement between H.B. Fuller Company and each of its executive officers hired on or after October 2023 
 
 Filed herewith. 

10.17 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated H.B. Fuller Company Year 2000 Stock Incentive Plan for awards made on or after January 24, 2013 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 24, 2013. 

10.18 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the H.B. Fuller Company 2013 Master Incentive Plan for awards made on or after January 23, 2014 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 23, 2014. 

10.19 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the H.B. Fuller Company 2016 Master Incentive Plan for awards made on or after April 7, 2016 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 6, 2016. 

98

Table of Contents 

10.20 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the H.B. Fuller Company 2016 Master Incentive Plan for awards made on or after October 20, 2017 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 20, 2017. 

10.21 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the H.B. Fuller Company 2018 Master Incentive Plan for awards made on or after April 12, 2018 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2018. 

10.22 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the H.B. Fuller Company 2018 Master Incentive Plan for awards made on or after January 24, 2019 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 24, 2019. 

10.23 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the H.B. Fuller Company 2020 Master Incentive Plan for awards made on or after April 2, 2020 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 2, 2020. 

10.24 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the H.B. Fuller Company 2020 Master Incentive Plan for awards made on or after April 2, 2020 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 2, 2020. 

10.25 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for the CEO under the H.B. Fuller Company 2020 Master Incentive Plan for awards made on or after April 2, 2020 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 2, 2020. 

10.26 
 
 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under the H.B. Fuller Company 2020 Master Incentive Plan for awards made on or after April 2, 2020 
 
 Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 2, 2020. 

10.27 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the H.B. Fuller Company 2020 Master Incentive Plan for awards made on or after April 2, 2020 
 
 Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 2, 2020. 

10.28 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit (CEO) Award Agreement under the H.B. Fuller Company 2020 Master Incentive Plan 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 27, 2021. 

10.29 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Non-Qualified Stock Option (CEO TSR) Award Agreement under the H.B. Fuller Company 2020 Master Incentive Plan 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 27, 2021. 

10.30 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated H.B. Fuller Company 2020 Master Incentive Plan for awards made on or after January 24, 2022 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 10-K dated January 24, 2022. 

10.31 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated H.B. Fuller Company 2020 Master Incentive Plan for awards made on or after January 24, 2022 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 10-K dated January 24, 2022. 

10.32 
 
 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated H.B. Fuller Company 2020 Master Incentive Plan for awards made on or after January 24, 2022 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 10-K dated January 24, 2022. 

10.33 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Amended and Restated H.B. Fuller Company 2020 Master Incentive Plan for awards made on or after April 7, 2022 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 10-Q dated June 23, 2022. 

10.34 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Second Amended and Restated H.B. Fuller Company 2020 Master Incentive Plan for awards made on or after April 6, 2023 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 10-Q dated June 29, 2023. 

10.35 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Second Amended and Restated H.B. Fuller Company 2020 Master Incentive Plan for awards made on or after April 6, 2023 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 10-Q dated June 29, 2023. 

99

Table of Contents 

10.36 
 
 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under the Second Amended and Restated H.B. Fuller Company 2020 Master Incentive Plan for awards made on or after April 6, 2023 
 
 Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 10-Q dated June 29, 2023. 

10.37 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Second Amended and Restated H.B. Fuller Company 2020 Master Incentive Plan for awards made on or after April 6, 2023 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 10-Q dated June 23, 2022. 

10.38 
 
 H.B. Fuller Company Defined Contribution Restoration Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2008) 
 
 Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 19, 2007. 

10.39 
 
 First Amendment of the H.B. Fuller Company Defined Contribution Restoration Plan (2008 Amendment and Restatement) 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31, 2008. 

10.40 
 
 Second Amendment of the H.B. Fuller Company Defined Contribution Restoration Plan (2008 Amendment and Restatement) 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 1, 2019. 

10.41 
 
 Third Amendment of the H.B. Fuller Company Defined Contribution Restoration Plan 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 2, 2019. 

10.42 
 
 Fourth Amendment of the H.B. Fuller Company Defined Contribution Restoration Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2008) 
 
 Exhibit 10.43 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 28, 2020. 

10.43 
 
 Fifth Amendment to the H.B. Fuller Company Defined Contribution Restoration Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2008) 
 
 Exhibit 10.40 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 27, 2021. 

10.44 
 
 H.B. Fuller Company Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (2008 Amendment and Restatement 
 
 Exhibit 10.22 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 29, 2008. 

100

Table of Contents 

10.45 
 
 First Amendment of H.B. Fuller Company Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (2008 Amendment and Restatement 
 
 Exhibit 10.23 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 29, 2008. 

10.46 
 
 H.B. Fuller Company 2009 Director Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 30, 2009. 

10.47 
 
 H.B. Fuller Company Management Short-Term Incentive Plan for Executive Officers 
 
 Filed herewith. 

10.48 
 
 H.B. Fuller Company 2013 Master Incentive Plan 
 
 Annex B to the H.B. Fuller Company Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2013. 

10.49 
 
 H.B. Fuller Company 2016 Master Incentive Plan 
 
 Annex B to the H.B. Fuller Company Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2016. 

10.50 
 
 H.B. Fuller Company 2018 Master Incentive Plan 
 
 Annex B to the H.B. Fuller Company Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2018. 

10.51 
 
 Amended and Restated H.B. Fuller Company 2020 Master Incentive Plan 
 
 Annex B to the H.B. Fuller Company Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2021. 

10.52 
 
 Second Amended and Restated H.B. Fuller Company 2020 Master Incentive Plan 
 
 Annex B to the H.B. Fuller Company Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22, 2023. 

21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 

24 
 
 Power of Attorney 

31.1 
 
 302 Certification Celeste B. Mastin 

101

Table of Contents 

31.2 
 
 302 Certification John J. Corkrean 

32.1 
 
 906 Certification Celeste B. Mastin 

32.2 
 
 906 Certification John J. Corkrean 

97.1 
 
 Executive and Key Manager Compensation Recovery Policy 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101 
 
 The following materials from the H.B. Fuller Company Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 2, 2023 formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (Inline XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Total Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Asterisked items are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed. 

(b) 
 See Exhibit Index and Exhibits attached to this Form 10-K. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None 

102

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

H.B. FULLER COMPANY 

By: 
 /s/ Celeste B. Mastin 

Dated: January 24, 2024 
 
 CELESTE B. MASTIN 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Celeste B. Mastin 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer and Director 

CELESTE B. MASTIN 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ John J. Corkrean 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

JOHN J. CORKREAN 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Robert J. Martsching 
 
 Vice President, Controller 

ROBERT J. MARTSCHING 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Director 

DANIEL L. FLORNESS 

Director 

THOMAS W. HANDLEY 

Director 

MICHAEL J. HAPPE 

Director 

RUTH S. KIMMELSHUE 

Director 

CHARLES T. LAUBER 

Director 

LEE R. MITAU 

Director 

TERESA J. RASMUSSEN 

Director 

SRILATA A. ZAHEER 

by /s/ Gregory O. Ogunsanya 

GREGORY O. OGUNSANYA, Attorney in Fact 

Dated: January 24, 2024 

103

<EX-10.16>
 2
 ex_612610.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.16

ex_612610.htm 

Exhibit 10.16 

SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 

THIS SEVERANCE AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made this _____ day of _______________, 20 (the Effective Date ), by and between H.B. Fuller Company, a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), and _______________ (the Executive ). 

W I T N E S S E T H : 

WHEREAS, the Company desires to continue to employ the Executive in accordance with the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement; 

WHEREAS, the Executive is a key member of the management of the Company and is expected to devote substantial skill and effort to the affairs of the Company, and the Company desires to recognize the significant personal contribution that the Executive makes, and is expected to continue to make, to further the best interests of the Company and its shareholders; 

WHEREAS, it is desirable and in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to continue to obtain the benefits of the Executive s services and attention to the affairs of the Company; 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive are parties to a Change in Control Agreement dated as of ______________, and as may be amended from time to time (the Change in Control Agreement ), which provides the Executive the opportunity to receive certain benefits upon termination of the Executive s employment under certain conditions during a limited period following a change in control; 

WHEREAS , the Company desires to provide the Executive the opportunity to receive certain benefits when, in the absence of a Change in Control, Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason, according to the terms, conditions and obligations set forth below; 

WHEREAS , the Executive understands that the Executive s receipt of the benefits provided for in this Agreement depends on, among other things, the Executive s willingness to agree to and abide by the non-disclosure, [non-competition,] non-solicitation, and other covenants contained in Exhibit A attached to this Agreement (the Non-Disclosure Agreement and Executive s execution of a release of claims in favor of the Company upon termination; 

WHEREAS, it is desirable and in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to protect confidential, proprietary and trade secret information of the Company, to prevent unfair competition by former Executives of the Company following separation of their employment with the Company and to secure cooperation from former Executives with respect to matters related to their employment with the Company; and 

WHEREAS , the Executive understands that nothing in this Agreement limits the Company s right to terminate the Executive s employment at any time and for any reason, 

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the Executive s employment with the Company, the compensation and benefits payable in connection with such employment, and the foregoing premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Executive and the Company agree as follows: 

1. Definitions . The capitalized terms used in this Agreement have the following meanings: 

(a) Affiliated Organization means a business entity that is treated as a single employer with the Company under the rules of section 414(b) and (c) of the Code, including the eighty percent (80 standard therein. 

(b) Annual Cash Compensation means an amount equal to the sum of: (A) the Executive s annual base salary in effect as of the Date of Termination plus (B) the amount of the annual target bonus opportunity of the Executive, pursuant to the bonus plan described in Section 3(b) below, for the fiscal year of the Company in which the Date of Termination occurs. 

(c) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company, including any authorized committee of the Board. 

(d) Cause means: 

(i) any act by the Executive that is materially inimical to the best interests of the Company and that constitutes common law fraud, a felony or other gross malfeasance of duty on the part of the Executive; 

(ii) any material disloyalty or dishonesty by the Executive related to or connected with the Executive s employment by the Company or otherwise likely to cause material harm to the Company or its reputation; 

(iii) a willful and material violation by the Executive of the Company s written policies or codes of conduct; 

(iv) wrongful appropriation by the Executive of Company funds or property or other material breach of the Executive s fiduciary duties to the Company; or 

(v) the willful and material breach by the Executive of this Agreement, the Non-Disclosure Agreement, or any other written agreement between the Company and the Executive. 

(e) Change in Control has the meaning prescribed for such term in the Change in Control Agreement. 

(f) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Any reference to a specific provision of the Code will include a reference to such provision as it may be amended from time to time and to any successor provision. 

(g) Company means the Company as defined in the first sentence of this Agreement and any successor to its business and/or assets which assumes or agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, assignment or otherwise. If at any time during the Term of this Agreement the Executive is employed by an Affiliated Organization, the term Company as used in this Agreement shall in addition include such Affiliated Organization. In such event, the Company agrees that it shall pay or provide, or shall cause such Affiliated Organization to pay or provide, any amounts or benefits due the Executive pursuant to this Agreement. 

(h) Date of Termination means the date of the Executive s separation from service with the Company (including all Affiliated Organizations, as applicable), within the meaning of section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code. 

(i) Disability means leaving active employment and qualifying for and receiving disability benefits under the Company s long-term disability plan or, if not elected or eligible under the Company s long-term disability plan, the Executive qualifies for disability benefits under the federal Social Security Act. 

(j) Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following without the Executive s consent: 

(i) A material reduction of the Executive s base salary (unless such reduction is part of an across-the-board uniformly applied reduction affecting all senior executives of the Company); 

(ii) A material diminution in the Executive s authority and duties; provided, however, that a change of the individual or officer to whom the Executive reports, in and of itself, would not constitute diminution; or 

(iii) a required change of the Executive s principal work location of fifty (50) or more miles. 

Notwithstanding the above, the occurrence of any of the events described above will not constitute Good Reason unless (A) the Executive gives the Company written notice within ninety (90) days after the initial occurrence of any of such event that the Executive believes that such event constitutes Good Reason and describing the details of such event, (B) the Company thereafter fails to cure any such event within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice, and (C) the Executive s Date of Termination as a result of such event occurs within 180 days after the initial occurrence of such event. 

(k) Protected Period has the meaning prescribed for such term in the Change in Control Agreement. 

(l) Term means the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the last business day of the Company s fiscal year ending in 20[__] , provided that such period will be automatically extended for successive one-year periods ending on the last business day of each subsequent fiscal year, unless either party gives written notice of non-renewal to the other party at least six (6) months prior to the last business day of the Company s fiscal year 20[__] , or the last business day of each subsequent fiscal year, as the case may be, that such party elects not to extend the Term under this Agreement. 

- 2 -

2. Position and Duties . During employment with the Company, the Executive will perform such duties and responsibilities as the Company may assign from time to time. Executive will serve the Company faithfully and to the best of the Executive s ability and will devote full working time, attention, and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company. Executive will follow and comply with applicable policies and procedures adopted by the Company from time to time, including without limitation policies relating to business ethics, conflict of interest, non-discrimination, confidentiality and protection of trade secrets, and insider trading. Executive will not engage in other employment or other material business activity, except as approved in writing by the Board. It shall not be a violation of this Agreement for the Executive to (i) serve on corporate, civic or charitable boards or committees or (ii) manage personal investments, so long as such activities do not materially interfere with the performance of the Executive s responsibilities to the Company. Executive hereby represents and confirms that the Executive is under no contractual or legal commitments that would prevent the Executive from fulfilling Executive s duties and responsibilities as set forth in this Agreement. 

3. Compensation . During employment with the Company, the Executive will be provided with the following compensation and benefits: 

(a) Base Salary . The Company will pay to the Executive for services provided hereunder a base salary at a rate determined from time to time by the Board, which base salary will be paid in accordance with the Company s normal payroll policies and procedures. 

(b) Incentive Compensation . Executive will be eligible to participate in an annual cash bonus plan of the Company as designated by the Board, in accordance with the terms and conditions of such plan as may be in effect from time to time. 

(c) Employee Benefits . Executive will be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans and programs generally available to executive employees of the Company, as determined by the Company and to the extent that the Executive meets the eligibility requirements for each individual plan or program. Executive s participation in any plan or program will be subject to the provisions, rules, and regulations of, or applicable to, the plan or program. The Company provides no assurance as to the adoption or continuation of any particular employee benefit plan or program. 

(d) Expenses . The Company will reimburse the Executive for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business, travel, and entertainment expenses incurred by the Executive in the performance of duties and responsibilities to the Company during the Executive s employment. Such reimbursement shall be subject to the Company s normal policies and procedures for expense verification, documentation, and reimbursement. 

4. Termination of Employment . Executive shall at all times be an employee at will, and either the Company or the Executive may terminate Executive s employment with or without Cause at any time, with or without advance notice, subject to the obligations of the parties under this Agreement. 

5. Payments Upon Involuntary Termination . If the Executive s Date of Termination occurs during the Term, and if such separation from service (A) is involuntary at the initiative of the Company for any reason other than Cause or Disability or at the initiative of the Executive for Good Reason, and (B) does not occur during a Protected Period, then, in addition to such compensation that has been earned but not paid to the Executive as of the Date of Termination, the Company will provide to the Executive the severance benefits set forth in this Section 5, subject to the conditions in Section 6. 

(a) Separation Pay . 

(i) The Company will pay to the Executive an amount equal to [ for CEO add: two times] the Executive s Annual Cash Compensation, payable to the Executive in equal installments in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices and schedule over the [twelve (12)] [ for CEO: twenty-four (24)] month period following the Date of Termination, but in no event shall such amount paid under this Section 5(a)(i) exceed the lesser of (A) 660,000.00 or (B) two (2) times the Executive s annualized compensation based upon the annual rate of pay for services to the Company for the calendar year prior to the calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs (adjusted for any increase during that year that was expected to continue indefinitely if the Executive had not separated from service). The separation pay under this Section 5(a)(i) is intended to constitute a separation pay plan due to involuntary separation from service under Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii). 

- 3 -

(ii) In the event that the amount payable to the Executive under Section 5(a)(i) is limited by Section 5(a)(i)(A) or (B) above, then the Company will also pay to the Executive a lump sum payment equal to the difference between (A) [ for CEO add: two times] the Executive s Annual Cash Compensation and (B) the amount payable under Section 5(a)(i). Such payment will be paid to the Executive in a lump sum on the earlier of: (x) the date that is six (6) months after the Date of Termination, or (y) the date of Executive s death. 

(b) Continued Benefits . If the Executive (and/or the Executive s covered dependents) is eligible and properly elects to continue group medical and/or dental insurance coverage, as in place immediately prior to the Date of Termination, the Company will continue to pay the Company s portion of any such premiums or costs of coverage until the earlier of (A) [twelve (12)] [ for CEO: eighteen (18)] months after the Date of Termination, or (B) the date the Executive (and the Executive s covered dependents) is provided such form of coverage by a subsequent employer. All such Company-provided medical and/or dental insurance premiums, or costs of coverage, will be paid directly to the insurance carrier or other provider by the Company and the Executive shall make arrangements with the Company to pay: (i) the Executive s portion of such coverage in an amount equal to such portion that the Executive would pay if actively employed by the Company, and (ii) any amounts due for federal, state and local income and employment taxes as the Company shall determine are required or authorized to be withheld and/or paid on amounts paid pursuant to this Paragraph 5. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company will use reasonable efforts to withhold any federal, state and local income and employment taxes owed by Executive under this Paragraph 5 from other amounts paid to Executive under this Agreement. 

(c) Outplacement Services . For a period of up to one year following the Date of Termination, the Company will provide to the Executive executive-level outplacement services from a provider selected by the Company, with a total cost not to exceed 20,000.00. The Company shall pay (or, at its option, reimburse the Executive) for such services within ten days after its receipt of a statement from the service provider; provided that in no event shall reimbursements be paid to the Executive after the last day of the Executive s third taxable year following the taxable year in which the Date of Termination occurs. The Executive shall not be eligible to receive cash in lieu of outplacement services. 

6. Termination Payment Conditions . Notwithstanding anything above to the contrary, the Company will not be obligated to provide any benefits to the Executive under Section 5 hereof unless: (a) the Executive has signed a release of claims in favor of the Company and its affiliates and related entities, and their directors, officers, insurers, employees and agents, in a form prescribed by the Company (which release will not include any claims the Executive may have to indemnification or advancement of expenses with respect to the Executive s actions as an officer or director of the Company); (b) all applicable rescission periods provided by law for releases of claims have expired and the Executive has not rescinded the release of claims; and (c) the Executive is in strict compliance with the terms of this Agreement, the Non-Disclosure Agreement and any other written agreements between the Company and the Executive as of the dates of such payments. 

7. Other Terminations . If Executive s Date of Termination occurs: 

(a) by reason of Executive s abandonment of employment or resignation from employment for any reason other than Good Reason; 

(b) by reason of termination of Executive s employment by the Company for Cause; 

(c) because of Executive s death or Disability; 

(d) upon or following expiration of the Term; or 

(e) during a Protected Period, 

then the Company will pay to Executive, or Executive s beneficiary or Executive s estate, as the case may be, such compensation that has been earned but not paid to Executive as of the Date of Termination, payable pursuant to the Company s normal payroll practices and procedures, and the Executive shall not be entitled to any additional compensation or benefits provided under this Agreement. In no event shall the Executive be entitled to payments in connection with any separation from service under both this Agreement and under the Change in Control Agreement. 

8. Restrictive Covenants . At the same time as the Executive signs this Agreement, the Executive will sign the Non-Disclosure Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A, among other things in consideration of the payments and benefits provided to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement. 

- 4 -

9. Successors . This Agreement shall not be assignable, in whole or in part, by either party without the written consent of the other party, except that the Company may, without the consent of the Executive, assign or delegate all or any portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any corporation or other business entity (i) with which the Company may merge or consolidate, (ii) to which the Company may sell or transfer all or substantially all of its assets or capital stock, or (iii) that is or becomes an Affiliated Organization. Any such current or future successor to which any right or obligation has been assigned or delegated shall be deemed to be the Company for purposes of such rights or obligations of this Agreement. In the event of the Executive s death after the Executive has become eligible for any payments under Section 5 of this Agreement, all amounts payable to the Executive thereunder shall be paid to a beneficiary designated by the Executive in the form established by the Company or, if no such beneficiary is designated, then to the Executive s estate, heirs or representatives. 

10. Miscellaneous . 

(a) Tax Withholding . The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state and local income and employment taxes as the Company shall determine are required or authorized to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 

(b) Section 409A . This Agreement is intended to satisfy the requirements of sections 409A(a)(2), (3) and (4) of the Code, including current and future guidance and regulations interpreting such provisions, and should be interpreted accordingly. 

(c) Governing Law . All matters relating to the interpretation, construction, application, validity, and enforcement of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule, whether of the State of Minnesota or any other jurisdiction, that would cause the application of laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Minnesota. 

(d) Jurisdiction and Venue . The Executive and the Company consent to jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Minnesota and/or the United States District Court, District of Minnesota, for the purpose of resolving all issues of law, equity, or fact arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. Any action involving claims of a breach of this Agreement must be brought in such courts. Each party consents to personal jurisdiction over such party in the state and/or federal courts of Minnesota and hereby waives any defense of lack of personal jurisdiction. Venue, for the purpose of all such suits, will be in Ramsey County, State of Minnesota. 

(e) Waiver of Jury Trial . To the extent permitted by law, the Executive and the Company waive any and all rights to a jury trial with respect to any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement. 

(f) Notice . Notices and all other communications provided for in the Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered, sent by reliable overnight courier or mailed by United States registered mail (or its equivalent for overseas delivery), return receipt requested, postage prepaid, and addressed as follows: 

If to the Company: 

H.B. Fuller Company 
P.O. Box 64683 
St. Paul, MN 55164-0683 
Attention: General Counsel 

If to the Executive, to the Executive s 
most recent address on file with the Company 

or to such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt. 

- 5 -

(g) Modifications; Waiver . No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing signed by the Executive and the Company. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. 

(h) Entire Agreement . This Agreement, the Change in Control Agreement, and the Non-Disclosure Agreement constitute the entire understandings and agreements between the Company and the Executive with regard to payments and benefits upon a termination of the Executive s employment or other separation from service with the Company. This Agreement supersedes and renders null and void all prior agreements, offer letters, plans, programs or other undertakings between the parties with regard to such subject matter (other than those specifically referenced herein), whether written or oral. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

H.B. FULLER COMPANY 

By: 

As its: 

[The Executive] 

- 6 -

EXHIBIT A 

TO SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 

NON-DISCLOSURE AND [NON-COMPETITION][NON-SOLICITATION] 

H.B. Fuller Company 

H.B. Fuller s continuing growth offers opportunity and security to all employees. This growth is dependent on specialized knowledge not generally known to other companies in the areas of research, technical service, production, marketing and management. 

H.B. Fuller spends great amounts of money to obtain and use this specialized knowledge in the form of equipment, study and personnel. By far the largest contribution to this knowledge comes from our people. 

This knowledge is only useful, obviously, when it remains with H.B. Fuller. Once the specialized information is generally known it eliminates any advantage to the company or to H.B. Fuller employees. 

In other words, all H.B. Fuller employees have a common interest and responsibility in seeing that no one single employee uses this specialized information outside of the company to the detriment of the rest of the employees. 

To help protect you and other employees, this Non-Disclosure and [Non-Competition][Non-Solicitation Agreement] points out our common responsibility. 

We ask that you read it very carefully before signing. 

By: 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

- 7 -

H.B. Fuller Company 

NON-DISCLOSURE AND [NON-COMPETITION][NON-SOLICITATION AGREEMENT] 

I am employed by or desire to be employed by H.B. Fuller in a capacity in which I may receive or contribute Confidential Information. To protect such Confidential Information, as well as H.B. Fuller s other legitimate business interests, and in consideration of such employment or continued employment, the wages and benefits provided to me, being given access to Confidential Information, my rights under the Severance Agreement dated __________ , 20__, and the other consideration set forth in this Agreement, H.B. Fuller and I agree as follows: 

A. 

DEFINITIONS 

In this Agreement the following definitions shall apply: 

1. 

"H.B. Fuller" means H.B. Fuller Company and any of its existing or future subsidiaries, partnerships, joint ventures and affiliates. 

2. 

"CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION" means all confidential information of H.B. Fuller including, but not limited to, the following: 

All Trade Secrets 

Product formulas, designs and specifications 

Product and production know how, technologies and concepts 

new Product ideas 

testing methods, know how, techniques, concepts and results 

customer lists including identities of existing and potential customers, identities of contacts or possible contacts at customers and prospective customers regardless of who at H.B. Fuller compiled such information 

customer purchasing histories, pricing and other contract terms, product preferences, buying habits, business plans, Product plans and expectations 

other information disclosed by customers and prospective customers to H.B. Fuller a) where disclosure of such information may be harmful to a customer or prospective customer; b) that the customer or prospective customer has informed H.B. Fuller is not to be disclosed to third parties; or c) where there is an expectation created through any means that H.B. Fuller will keep such information confidential 

marketing studies, methods, plans and strategies 

business relationships, contracts, methods, models, analyses, plans and strategies 

new business ideas 

financial and accounting information including budgets, forecasts, projections, costs, prices, margins, profits and sales 

supplier and potential supplier identity, sales history, pricing and other contract terms, business plans, and production plans 

- 8 -

other information disclosed by suppliers and prospective suppliers to H.B. Fuller a) where disclosure of such information may be harmful to a supplier or prospective supplier; b) that the supplier or prospective supplier has informed H.B. Fuller is not to be disclosed to third parties; or c) where there is an expectation of confidentiality created through any means that H.B. Fuller will keep such information confidential 

software ideas and programs 

computer user identifiers, access codes and passwords and the like 

any other information which H.B. Fuller has an obligation to keep confidential 

Information shall be considered Confidential Information regardless of the means, media or format in which it is maintained or communicated. Confidential Information shall not include information the entirety of which is now or subsequently becomes generally and publicly known, other than as a direct or indirect result of the breach of this Agreement by me or a breach of a confidentiality obligation owed to H.B. Fuller by any third party. 

3. ["CONFLICTING PRODUCT" means any Product of any person or organization (other than H.B. Fuller), that resemble, or competes with an H.B. Fuller Product (a) with which I was involved or upon which I have worked during the term of my work for H.B. Fuller; or (b) that I have sold or been authorized to sell during my last two (2) years of my work with H.B. Fuller; or (c) for which I may have solicited or assisted in the solicitation of sales during the last two (2) years of my employment by H.B. Fuller; or (d) about which I acquired Confidential Information at any time through my work with H.B. Fuller.][Reserved.] 

4. "INVENTIONS" means all formulas, processes, practices, methods, discoveries, improvements, ideas, devices, designs, apparatuses and works of authorship, whether or not patentable or copyrightable. 

5. PRODUCT means any product, process, equipment, concept or service (in existence or under development). 

6. "TRADE SECRETS" may include Confidential Information, and means, without limitation, information, including any formula, pattern, compilation, program, device, method, figure, or process that derives actual or potential independent economic value from not being generally known to the public or to other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure; and is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy. 

B. 

EMPLOYEE'S OBLIGATIONS TO H.B. FULLER 

1. FULL-TIME COMMITMENT . I will devote my full-time and energy to furthering H.B. Fuller s business. I will not pursue any other business activity without H.B. Fuller s written consent if such business activity would otherwise violate this Agreement or any of H.B. Fuller's policies on conflicts of interest or outside employment including H.B. Fuller's Code of Ethics. 

2. WORK PRODUCT AND INVENTIONS. 

(a) I agree that H.B. Fuller owns and shall continue to be the sole proprietor, in all countries, of all Inventions that I may learn of, have access to, have a part in developing, first conceive, or first reduce to practice (alone or jointly with others) (i) during my work with H.B. Fuller , whether or not during normal work time or at H.B. Fuller's premises; (ii) at any time after termination of my employment with H.B. Fuller that relate directly to H.B. Fuller s business or actual or anticipated research about which I became aware at anytime; (iii) at any time after termination of my H.B. Fuller employment if based on Confidential Information ; and/or (iv) at any time after termination of my H.B. Fuller employment that result from any of my work for H.B. Fuller. I agree to promptly disclose such Inventions to H.B. Fuller , and I hereby assign all right, title, and interest I may have in such Inventions to H.B. Fuller without charge to H.B. Fuller . In the absence of clear and convincing proof to the contrary, all Inventions conceived by me or first reduced to practice within one year after termination of H.B. Fuller employment that directly relate to H.B. Fuller business or demonstrably anticipated research will be considered to be Inventions to be disclosed to and owned by H.B. Fuller . 

- 9 -

(b) I agree to deliver to H.B. Fuller accounts and records of all such Inventions set forth above in Section 2(a), and to execute all documents and oaths and to do such other acts as may be necessary or desirable in H.B. Fuller's opinion to obtain, maintain, reissue, extend, or enforce patents or copyrights (including without limitation design patents or other applicable registrations) and to vest, perfect, affirm, and record the entire right, title, and interest in H.B. Fuller to such patents, copyrights and Inventions in all countries. I agree to assist in these regards without any obligation by H.B. Fuller to provide me with further compensation, royalties or payments (without charge but at no expense to myself). 

(c) This Agreement does not obligate me to assign to H.B. Fuller any Invention developed entirely on my own time without the use of any H.B. Fuller equipment, supplies, facility or Confidential Information and (1) which does not relate (i) directly to H.B. Fuller business or (ii) to H.B. Fuller s actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development; or (2) which does not result from any work performed by me for H.B. Fuller . 

(d) I will promptly document all research according to H.B. Fuller policy, including H.B. Fuller's policy in the laboratory notebooks assigned to me. 

3. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. 

All Confidential Information disclosed to me or to which I have access during the period of my employment, which I have a reasonable basis to believe is Confidential Information , or which is treated or designated by H.B. Fuller as being Confidential Information , shall be presumed to be Confidential Information . 

(a) I acknowledge that H.B. Fuller has taken reasonable measures to preserve the secrecy of its Confidential Information , including, but not limited to, requiring me to execute this Agreement. 

(b) I acknowledge that all of the items comprising Confidential Information are confidential, whether or not H.B. Fuller specifically labels such information as confidential or internally restricts access to such information. I acknowledge that H.B. Fuller may have separate policies in effect from time to time regarding protection of its Confidential Information . I agree to abide by these policies even if they more broadly define Confidential Information than this Agreement otherwise does or provide additional instructions on my use or disclosure of Confidential Information . 

(c) I agree that Confidential Information , even though it may have been or may be developed or otherwise acquired by me, is the exclusive property of H.B. Fuller to be held by me in fiduciary capacity and solely for H.B. Fuller s benefit. I agree that I will not at any time, either during or after my employment with H.B. Fuller , reveal, report, publish, transfer or otherwise disclose to any person or entity, or use, any Confidential Information , without the written consent of H.B. Fuller , except for the benefit of H.B. Fuller in connection with my employment consistent with H.B. Fuller's policies. I agree to stop using any Confidential Information after the termination of my H.B. Fuller employment. I also agree to refrain from any acts or omissions that would reduce the value of any Confidential Information , and to take and comply with reasonable security measures to prevent any accidental or intentional disclosure or misappropriation. 

(d) I understand that nothing in this Agreement in any way prohibits or is intended to restrict or impede, and shall not be interpreted or understood as restricting or impeding, me from exercising my rights under federal labor law. I further understand that nothing in this Agreement prohibits me from reporting any possible violations of federal or state law or regulation to any government agency or entity, including, but not limited to, the Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission, or making any other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal or state law or regulation. I understand that I am not required to notify H.B. Fuller that I will make or have made such reports or disclosures. 

(e) Notwithstanding the above restrictions, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, 18 U.S.C. 1836, I understand that I shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and is made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. The same immunity will be provided for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the individual s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

- 10 -

4. [NON-COMPETITION AND] NON-SOLICITATION 

In consideration of my employment (including future employment) by H.B. Fuller and the payments and benefits provided to me in compensation for my services, all increases in payments and benefits and promotions over the course of my employment by H.B. Fuller , my rights under the Severance Agreement, and in further consideration of my being given access to Confidential Information and H.B. Fuller's other obligations as set forth in this Agreement, I agree that: 

(a) During the term of my employment and for twenty-four (24) months after termination (for any reason and by either party) of my employment with H.B. Fuller : 

(1) Before accepting employment with a potential employer or beginning work as a consultant or independent contractor (i) in an industry in which H.B. Fuller competes, (ii) with an entity that uses H.B. Fuller Products , or (iii) with an entity that supplies Products to H.B. Fuller , I will provide the potential employer or party engaging my services with a copy of this Agreement; 

(2) I will not directly or indirectly identify, contact, make sales calls on, make introductions to, accept business from, provide services, assistance or consulting to, any entity or person who at any time within the two (2) year period prior to my employment termination (i) was a customer of H.B. Fuller with whom I had direct or indirect contact; (ii) was identified as a prospective customer of H.B. Fuller by me, at my direction or by another H.B. Fuller employee or contractor; (iii) was a customer or prospective customer to whom I directly or indirectly rendered assistance of any kind; or (iv) was a customer whose account I supervised or serviced for H.B. Fuller ; 

(3) I will not encourage any H.B. Fuller customer or prospective customer to divert, terminate, limit, adversely modify, or fail to enter into any actual or potential business with H.B. Fuller ; 

(4) I will not make statements, publicly or otherwise, that disparage H.B. Fuller , its Products or its conduct or that are otherwise adverse to H.B. Fuller s interests 

(5) [I will not serve in any capacity or have interest in, whether as an owner, employee, consultant, or otherwise, any entity, organization or person engaged in the development, use, production or sale of any Conflicting Product, where I will be in a position where performance of my job duties or my obligations would likely result in use or disclosure of Confidential Information or where the entity or organization has requested or required my use or disclosure of Confidential Information.][Reserved.] 

(b) During the term of my employment and for twenty-four (24) months after termination (for any reason and by either party) of my employment with H.B. Fuller I will not hire or induce, attempt to induce, or in any way assist or act in concert with any other person or organization in hiring, inducing or attempting to induce any employee, agent or consultant of H.B. Fuller to terminate such employee's, agent s or consultant s relationship with H.B. Fuller . 

5. RETURN OF H.B. FULLER PROPERTY 

I agree that no later than five (5) days after the termination of my H.B. Fuller employment for any reason, I will return all Confidential Information , any other information related to H.B. Fuller s business or my H.B. Fuller work and all other H.B. Fuller property to H.B. Fuller that is in my possession or control, regardless of the format or location of such information. This includes all documents, computers and electronic storage devices such as flash drives, pdas, cds, dvds, floppy discs, keys, credit cards and software that belong to H.B. Fuller . Prior to the termination of my employment, I will advise H.B. Fuller as to whether I have used any computers or other electronic storage device in my possession or control (other than those belonging to H.B. Fuller to access, store or transmit Confidential Information or H.B. Fuller property and will make such computers or other electronic storage devices available to H.B. Fuller to allow H.B. Fuller to search for and permanently delete any such Confidential Information and other H.B. Fuller property that may still exist on such devices. 

I further agree that I will cooperate with H.B. Fuller in the transition of my duties and responsibilities for H.B. Fuller , and will participate in interviews or other meetings or proceedings without subpoena, at the request of H.B. Fuller , with any investigations or litigation relating to matters about which I have knowledge by virtue of my employment by or service to H.B. Fuller . 

- 11 -

C. 

OTHER PROVISIONS 

1. I understand that I am free at any time to leave the employment of H.B. Fuller and, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, to accept any job that utilizes my general education and skills. 

2. I understand that these covenants are not intended to limit my post-termination employment in any industry or for any employer producing a product or providing a service different from H.B. Fuller's . I acknowledge and represent that I have substantial experience and knowledge such that I can readily obtain employment that does not violate these covenants. 

3. I represent and agree that I am aware of my right to discuss any and all aspects of this Agreement with my own attorney, that I have carefully read and fully understand all the provisions of this Agreement, and that I am voluntarily entering into this Agreement. 

4. I acknowledge that H.B. Fuller has not asked or required me to, and I agree that I will not, violate the terms of any prior employment, confidentiality, non-competition or similar agreements to which I have been a party. The only such agreements to which I have been a party are as follows (copies of which I agree to provide H.B. Fuller as available): 

If none, please specify) 

5. I agree not to disclose to H.B. Fuller , directly or indirectly, confidential information I have obtained from a third party under an obligation of secrecy, except with the specific consent of that third party. 

6. I agree that during and at any time after my employment with H.B. Fuller has ended that, upon written request by H.B. Fuller, I will execute an affidavit under oath acknowledging my compliance with this Agreement and my commitment to ongoing compliance with the Agreement. I understand that it shall be deemed a breach of this Agreement if I refuse to execute the requested affidavit and will subject me to the remedies for breach set forth in Section C.9 below. 

7. My obligations under this Agreement shall be binding on my heirs, executors, administrators and assigns. 

8. If any dispute arises under this Agreement, I agree that this Agreement will be interpreted and construed under the laws of [State] . I also agree that all disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be brought, if at all, in a court located in Minnesota to the exclusion of the courts of any other state or jurisdiction. I agree that any court located in Minnesota has jurisdiction over me in connection with any such disputes, regardless whether H.B. Fuller or I bring the claim or action. 

9. I acknowledge and agree that the scope of Sections B and C is reasonable as to both time and extent of customer and other restrictions, that the provisions of the Agreement are reasonable and necessary for the protection of H.B. Fuller in its employment of me and its furnishing to me Confidential Information , and that any actual or threatened violation of this Agreement by me may subject me to discipline under H.B. Fuller's discipline policies and will cause H.B. Fuller irreparable harm for which it will be entitled to (a) temporary and permanent injunctive relief without the necessity of proving actual damages, (b) money damages insofar as they can be determined, and (c) all related costs and reasonable attorneys' fees. I further agree to waive any requirement for the posting of a bond or other security by H.B. Fuller. No claim, demand, action or cause of action that I may have against the Company shall constitute a defense to enforcement of this Agreement. In the event of a breach of any of the terms of this Agreement, the period of any restriction shall automatically be tolled and extended by the period I am in violation of the Agreement until such breach or violation has been cured to the satisfaction of H.B. Fuller. 

- 12 -

10. The parties agree that if any provision of this Agreement is void or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect. If any particular provision of this Agreement adjudicated to be invalid or unenforceable, the parties specifically authorize the court making such determination to edit the invalid or unenforceable provision to allow this Agreement, and its provisions, to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent allowed by law or public policy. I expressly stipulate that this Agreement shall be construed in a manner that renders its provisions valid and enforceable to the maximum extent (not exceeding its express terms) possible under applicable law. 

11. The terms of this Agreement that relate to periods, activities, obligations, rights or remedies will survive termination of my employment with H.B. Fuller and will govern all rights, disputes, claims or causes of action arising out of or in any way related to this Agreement. 

12. This Agreement, the Severance Agreement to which it is an exhibit, and the other documents referenced and incorporated in the Severance Agreement (including without limitation the Change in Control Agreement) supersedes, and hereby renders null and void, any previous agreement between me and H.B. Fuller relating to post-employment use or disclosure of confidential information, or my employment after my employment by H.B. Fuller ends. This Agreement applies during my entire tenure with H.B. Fuller regardless of subsequent changes in position or compensation; and cannot be amended or altered, nor any portion waived, except in writing signed by both parties. This Agreement is ancillary to my employment with H.B. Fuller and is not intended to govern aspects of that employment relationship not covered herein. The obligations in this Agreement are unconditional and do not depend on the performance or non-performance by H.B. Fuller of any terms, duties or obligations not specifically set forth in this Agreement. 

13. I understand that my rights and obligations under this Agreement are not assignable or delegable by me. I agree that this Agreement is fully assignable by H.B. Fuller . 

14. I will assert no patent or other rights against H.B. Fuller based on Inventions made by me prior to the date of this Agreement, except for rights under those Inventions described at the top of the next page: 

- 13 -

DO NOT WRITE ANYTHING CONFIDENTIAL 

(Provide only a general description of such Inventions . If this will require disclosure of information you believe is confidential, consult the H.B. Fuller Human Resources Department before completing.) 

I UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT IS A CONTRACT. I ALSO UNDERSTAND THAT MY EMPLOYMENT RELATIONSHIP WITH H.B. FULLER IS AT-WILL. THAT IS, H.B. FULLER OR I CAN TERMINATE MY EMPLOYMENT AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE, AND WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE. I FURTHER UNDERSTAND THAT ANY EMPLOYMENT POLICIES, HANDBOOKS, OR OTHER SUCH MATERIALS THAT MAY BE DISTRIBUTED OR OTHERWISE COMMUNICATED TO ME DURING THE COURSE OF MY EMPLOYMENT SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A CONTRACT . 

ACCEPTED at Vadnais Heights, Minnesota by H.B. Fuller Company. 

By 

Employee Name (please print) 

Its 

Employee Signature 

Date 

Date 

- 14 -

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.47>
 3
 ex_612611.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.47

ex_612611.htm 

Exhibit 10.47 

			 Rewards Compensation 

			 Management Short-Term Incentive 

			 Executive Officers 

			 (STI) Plan 

Purpose 

The STI plan provides an annual performance-based cash bonus opportunity for eligible employees. This is intended to achieve a number of goals including: 

Emphasizing the Company s commitment to competitive compensation practices; 

Driving a high performance culture; 

Assuring accountability; 

Focusing on results, not activity; and 

Reinforcing the importance of measurable and aligned goals and objectives. 

Eligibility 
			 These guidelines apply to Executive Officers. 

To receive payment under the STI Plan, the participant must be actively employed as of November 30. 

Plan Design 
			 The plan design is based on the following financial metrics. 

EBITDA 

Net Revenue 

Earnings Per Share 

Each participant s plan design will be based on the participant s position. Details of the design are as follows: 

Corporate/Global 

Weighting Per Metric 

EPS 

HBF Net Revenue 

HBF EBITDA 

30 

35 

35 

Operating Segment 

Weighting Per Metric 

EPS 

Operating Segment Net Revenue 

Operating Segment EBITDA 

30 

35 

35 

Page 1 of 5

Exhibit 10.47 

			 Rewards Compensation 

			 Management Short-Term Incentive 

			 Executive Officers 

			 (STI) Plan 

Target 

Each metric will have a target level of performance. Payout will be determined for each metric based on performance relative to target. The target levels of performance will be established at the beginning of each fiscal year. 

Threshold 

Threshold performance levels will be established for each metric as follows: 

o 
			 Net Revenue: 90 of target 

o 
			 EBITDA: 80 of target 

o 
			 EPS: 80 of target 

Payout at the threshold level of performance will be 50 of the target allocated to that metric. 

Superior 

Superior performance levels will be established for each metric as follows: 

o 
			 Net Revenue: 110 of target 

o 
			 EBITDA: 120 of target 

o 
			 EPS: 120 of target 

Payout at the superior level of performance will be 200 of the target allocated to that metric. 

See Appendix for payout schedule. 

Payment 
			 Payment will be made in cash, subject to taxes and deductions as applicable. 

Payment will be made as close as possible to January 31 following the conclusion of the relevant Plan Year, but will be made no later than March 15 th of the calendar year following the Plan Year. 

Participant 

			 Status Changes 

If a participant begins employment with the company during the Plan Year, bonus potential will be pro-rated for the time the participant was employed during the Plan Year. 

			 If a participant transfers jobs and changes plan design standards, potential bonus will be pro-rated for the time spent in each job. 

Page 2 of 5

Exhibit 10.47 

			 Rewards Compensation 

			 Management Short-Term Incentive 

			 Executive Officers 

			 (STI) Plan 

Administration 
			 Participants may direct questions about the STI Plan to their local management or human resources representatives. 

The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors shall make a certification decision with respect to performance of financial metrics and consider extraordinary circumstances that may have positively or negatively impacted the achievement of the objectives. The STI Plan is a discretionary bonus plan and shall not be construed as a contract. The Board or management in their discretion, reserves the right at any time to enhance, diminish or terminate all or any portion of any compensation plan or program, on a collective or individual basis. 

Payments under the STI Plan are subject to the Company s Executive and Key Manager Compensation Recovery Policy and any other compensation recovery policies the Company may adopt in the future to conform to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (or any other applicable law) and any applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or applicable stock exchange. 

Relevant Terms 
			 Actively Employed - A full-time or part-time employee on the Company payroll. It excludes any employee who has been terminated from employment with the Company voluntarily or involuntarily prior to November 30. 

Company - H.B. Fuller Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. 

Eligible Earnings To be determined by region/country. 

Payment - The cash reward payable after conclusion of the Plan Year. 

Plan Year The relevant Company fiscal year. 

Short Term Incentive (STI) Plan - The program described herein. May also be referred to as STIP or STI Plan . 

Page 3 of 5

Exhibit 10.47 

			 Rewards Compensation 

			 Management Short-Term Incentive 

			 Executive Officers 

			 (STI) Plan 

Appendix 

STIP Payment Schedule for EPS, 

STIP Payment schedule for 

EBITDA 

Net Revenue 

Metric Performance 

Payout (as 

			 of target) 

Metric 

			 Performance 

Payout (as 

			 of target) 

120 

200.0 

110 

200 

119 

195.0 

109 

190 

118 

190.0 

108 

180 

117 

185.0 

107 

170 

116 

180.0 

106 

160 

115 

175.0 

105 

150 

114 

170.0 

104 

140 

113 

165.0 

103 

130 

112 

160.0 

102 

120 

111 

155.0 

101 

110 

110 

150.0 

100 

100 

109 

145.0 

99 

95 

108 

140.0 

98 

90 

107 

135.0 

97 

85 

106 

130.0 

96 

80 

105 

125.0 

95 

75 

104 

120.0 

94 

70 

103 

115.0 

93 

65 

102 

110.0 

92 

60 

101 

105.0 

91 

55 

100 

100.0 

90 

50 

99 

97.5 

98 

95.0 

97 

92.5 

96 

90.0 

95 

87.5 

94 

85.0 

93 

82.5 

92 

80.0 

91 

77.5 

90 

75.0 

89 

72.5 

88 

70.0 

87 

67.5 

86 

65.0 

85 

62.5 

84 

60.0 

83 

57.5 

82 

55.0 

81 

52.5 

80 

50.0 

Payout is calculated for each incremental increase in performance (straight line interpolation). 

Page 4 of 5

Exhibit 10.47 

			 Rewards Compensation 

			 Management Short-Term Incentive 

			 Executive Officers 

			 (STI) Plan 

Calculation Guidelines 

Total Company Metrics 

Company EPS 

The adjusted EPS as disclosed in the Company s earnings release. 

HBF Net Revenue 

Net revenue as disclosed in the Company s earnings release. 

Basis of targets is US dollars. Actual results are adjusted to conform with budgeted exchange rates. 

Unbudgeted acquisitions and divestitures are excluded from the calculation. 

HBF EBITDA (Consolidated) 

Adjusted Net Income plus adjusted Income Tax Expense plus Interest Expense, net, plus Depreciation Expense plus Amortization Expense. 

Basis of targets is US dollars. Actual results are adjusted to conform with budgeted exchange rates. 

Unbudgeted acquisitions and divestitures are excluded from the calculation. 

Operating Segment Metrics 

Net Revenue 

Net revenue of the operating segment as disclosed in the Company s earnings release. 

Basis of targets is US dollars. Actual results are adjusted to conform with budgeted exchange rates. 

Unbudgeted acquisitions and divestitures are excluded from the calculation. 

Segment EBITDA 

Segment Operating Income plus Depreciation Expense plus Amortization Expense, plus Non-Operating Pension Expense or Income, plus Reported Sekisui Fuller Joint Venture Equity Earnings as reported on the consolidated Company P L (if applicable), as reported in the Company s earnings release 

Basis of targets is US dollars. Actual results are adjusted to conform with budgeted exchange rates 

Unbudgeted acquisitions and divestitures are excluded from the calculation. 

Pge 5 of 5

</EX-10.47>

<EX-21>
 4
 ex_576149.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

ex_576149.htm 

Exhibit 21 

Subsidiaries 

State or Other Jurisdiction of Organization 

ADCO Europe Holding GmbH 

Germany 

ADCO Global, Inc. 

Delaware 

ADCO Products, LLC 

Delaware 

Adhezion Biomedical, LLC 
			 
			 Delaware 

Apollo Chemicals Limited 

United Kingdom 

Apollo Construction Solutions Limited 2 

United Kingdom 

Apollo Roofing Solutions Limited 2 

United Kingdom 

Asfaltos Y Pegamentos S. de R.L. de C.V. 

Mexico 

Bacon Acquisitions, LLC 

Oklahoma 

Beardow Adams A.B. 
			 Sweden 

Beardow Adams do Brasil Adhesives Ltda 
			 Brazil 

Beardow Adams GmbH 
			 Germany 

Beardow Adams Holdings Ltd 
			 United Kingdom 

Beardow Adams Hot Melt Werk GmbH 
			 Germany 

Beardow Adams OY 
			 Finland 

Beardow Adams S.A.S. 
			 Colombia 

Beardow Adams Singapore Pte Ltd 
			 Singapore 

Beardow and Adams (Adhesives) Limited 
			 United Kingdom 

BeardowAdams, Inc. 
			 North Carolina 

Chemical Supply Corporation, S.A. 

Panama 

Chongqing ZKLT Polymer Materials Co., Ltd. 

China 

Chongqing ZKLT Polymer Materials Co., Ltd. (Beijing Branch) 

China 

Cyberbond CS s.r.o. Cyberbond Group 

Czech Republic 

Cyberbond Europe GmbH 

Germany 

Datac Adhesives Limited 

United Kingdom 

Engent, Inc. 

Georgia 

Eternabond, LLC 

Delaware 

Fourny NV 

Belgium 

Gabaldo Holdings Ltd 

Cyprus 

H.B. Fuller (Barbados) I SRL 

Barbados 

H.B. Fuller (China) Adhesives Ltd. 

China 

H.B. Fuller (Guangzhou) Adhesives Co., Ltd. 

China 

H.B. Fuller (Nanjing) Chemical Co., Ltd. 

China 

H.B. Fuller (New Zealand) Limited 

New Zealand 

H.B. Fuller (Philippines), Inc. 

Philippines 

H.B. Fuller (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. 

China 

H.B. Fuller (Suzhou) Advanced Material Co., Ltd. 

China 

H.B. Fuller (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 

Thailand 

H.B. Fuller (Vietnam) Company Limited 

Vietnam 

H.B. Fuller (YanTai) Advanced Materials Co., Ltd. 

China 

H.B. Fuller Adhesive Systems LLC 

Oklahoma 

H.B. Fuller Adhesives Deutschland GmbH 

Germany 

H.B. Fuller Adhesives France SAS 

France 

H.B. Fuller Adhesives Hong Kong Limited 

Hong Kong SAR 

H.B. Fuller Adhesives Italia S.r.L. 

Italy 

H.B. Fuller Adhesives Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. 

Malaysia 

H.B. Fuller Adhesives Mauritius Ltd. 

Mauritius 

H.B. Fuller Adhesives S.A.E. 

Egypt 

H.B. Fuller Argentina, S.A.I.C. 

Argentina 

H.B. Fuller Austria GesmbH 

Austria 

H.B. Fuller Belgie BVBA 

Belgium 

H.B. Fuller Benelux B.V. 

Netherlands 

H.B. Fuller Brasil, Ltda. 

Brazil 

H.B. Fuller Brasil, Ltda. - Branch office Curitiba Purana 

Brazil 

H.B. Fuller Canada (partnership) 

Canada 

H.B. Fuller Canada Holding Co. 

Canada 

H.B. Fuller Canada Investment Co. 

Canada 

H.B. Fuller Centroamerica, S.A. 

Costa Rica 

H.B. Fuller Chemie GmbH 

Germany 

H.B. Fuller Chile SpA 

Chile 

H.B. Fuller Colombia S.A.S. 

Colombia 

H.B. Fuller Company Australia Pty. Ltd. 

Australia 

H.B. Fuller Company Australia Pty. Ltd. (New Zealand Branch) 2 

New Zealand 

H.B. Fuller Construction Products Inc. 

Minnesota 

H.B. Fuller Deutschland GmbH 

Germany 

H.B. Fuller Deutschland Holding GmbH 

Germany 

H.B. Fuller Deutschland Produktions GmbH 

Germany 

H.B. Fuller Egymelt, a limited liability company 

Egypt 

H.B. Fuller Egypt Investment LLC 

Egypt 

H.B. Fuller Egypt Trade LLC 

Egypt 

H.B. Fuller Europe GmbH 

Switzerland 

H.B. Fuller Finance (Ireland) Unlimited Company 

Ireland 

H.B. Fuller Finance Luxembourg S.a.r.l. 

Luxembourg 

H.B. Fuller France 

France 

H.B. Fuller Greece S.A.I.C. 

Greece 

H.B. Fuller Guatemala, S.A. 2 

Guatemala 

H.B. Fuller India Adhesives Private Limited 

India 

H.B. Fuller Industrial Inc. 

Delaware 

H.B. Fuller International Holdings Corp. 

Delaware 

H.B. Fuller International Holdings Corp. (Hong Kong Branch) 

Hong Kong SAR 

H.B. Fuller International Holdings Corp. (Vietnam Branch) 

Vietnam 

H.B. Fuller Italia s.r.l. 

Italy 

H.B. Fuller Japan G.K. 

Japan 

H.B. Fuller Kenya Limited 

Kenya 

H.B. Fuller Kimya Sanayi Ticaret Anonim Sirketi 

Turkey 

H.B. Fuller Korea Co., Ltd. 

Korea, Republic Of 

H.B. Fuller Latin America Adhesives S.A. 

Panama 

H.B. Fuller Latin America Shared Services, S.R. Ltda 

Costa Rica 

H.B. Fuller Lebanon S.A.R.L. 1 

Lebanon 

H.B. Fuller Luxembourg Group S.a.r.l. 

Luxembourg 

H.B. Fuller Luxembourg Holdings S.a.r.l. 

Luxembourg 

H.B. Fuller Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 

Mexico 

H.B. Fuller Namekagon Ltd. 

United Kingdom 

H.B. Fuller Netherlands Holding B.V. 

Netherlands 

H.B. Fuller Pension Trustees Limited 

United Kingdom 

H.B. Fuller Poland Sp.Z.o.o. 

Poland 

H.B. Fuller Portugal - SGPS, Lda. 

Portugal 

H.B. Fuller Portugal, Produtos Quimicos, S.A. 

Portugal 

H.B. Fuller Royal Luxembourg Holdings S.a.r.l. 

Luxembourg 

H.B. Fuller Rus Ltd. 

Russian Federation 

H.B. Fuller Singapore Pte. Ltd. 

Singapore 

H.B. Fuller Sverige AB 

Sweden 

H.B. Fuller Taiwan Co., Ltd. 

Taiwan, Province of China 

H.B. Fuller U.K. Holding Limited 

United Kingdom 

H.B. Fuller U.K. Limited 

United Kingdom 

H.B. Fuller U.K. Manufacturing Limited 

United Kingdom 

H.B. Fuller UK Sales Ltd. 

United Kingdom 

H.B. Fuller Uruguay, S.A. 2 

Uruguay 

H.B. Fuller Venezuela, C.A. 1 

Venezuela 

H.B. Fuller, Isar-Rakoll, S.A. 

Portugal 

HB Fuller Espana, S.L.U. 

Spain 

HB Fuller Middle East FZE 

United Arab Emirates 

HB Fuller South Africa (Pty) Ltd 

South Africa 

HBF Realty Corporation 

Philippines 

Koemmerling (Nanjing) Advanced Materials Co. Ltd. 

China 

Koemmerling (Nanjing) Advanced Materials Co. Ltd. (Beijing Branch) 

China 

Koemmerling Hong Kong Limited 

Hong Kong SAR 

K mmerling Chemische Fabrik GmbH 

Germany 

Kommerling UK Limited 

United Kingdom 

Lemtapes OY 

Finland 

Nine Sticks BV 

Belgium 

PT H.B. Fuller Indonesia 

Indonesia 

PT. HBFuller Adhesives Indonesia 

Indonesia 

Resistol, S.A 2 

Guatemala 

Royal Acquisition Corp. 

Delaware 

Royal Adhesives Sealants Canada Ltd. 

Canada 

Royal Adhesives and Sealants, LLC 

Delaware 

Royal Holdings, Inc. 

Delaware 

Seneca Polymer Co. 

Minnesota 

Simpsonville Polymer Co. 

Delaware 

Simpsonville Properties LLC 

Delaware 

Tonsan Adhesive, Inc. 

China 

Tonsan Suzhou Adhesive Co., Ltd. 

China 

Willimmo NV 

Belgium 

XChem International LLC 
			 United Arab Emirates 

Joint Ventures 

Sekisui-Fuller Co. Ltd. 

Japan 

1 Inactive entities 

2 To be liquidated 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex_576150.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

ex_576150.htm 

Exhibit 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-50005, 333-89453, 333-48420, 333-135772, 333-151841, 333-158610, 333-191549, 333-212344, 333-224570, 333-237949, 333-257508, 333-263817 and 333-273007) of H.B. Fuller Company of our reports dated January 24, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of H.B. Fuller Company, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of H.B. Fuller Company, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of H.B. Fuller Company for the year ended December 2, 2023. 

/s/ Ernst and Young LLP 

Minneapolis, Minnesota 

 January 24, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24>
 6
 ex_576151.htm
 EXHIBIT 24

ex_576151.htm 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned directors of H.B. FULLER COMPANY, a Minnesota corporation, which proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C. 20549, under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, a Form 10 K Annual Report for the Company's fiscal year ended December 2, 2023, hereby constitute and appoint CELESTE B. MASTIN, JOHN J. CORKREAN AND GREGORY O. OGUNSANYA his or her true and lawful attorneys in fact and agents, and each of them, with full power to act without the other, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead to sign and file such Annual Report, and any and all amendments, exhibits and other documents in connection herewith, with power, where appropriate, to affix the corporate seal of said Company thereto, and to attest said seal with the Securities and Exchange Commission and with the appropriate office of any state, hereby granting unto said attorneys in fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys in fact and agents, or either of them, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have hereunto set their hands as of the 24th day of January 2024. 

/s/ Daniel L. Florness 
			 
			 /s/ Celeste B. Mastin 

DANIEL L. FLORNESS 
			 
			 CELESTE B. MASTIN 

Director 
			 
			 Director 

/s/ Thomas W. Handley 
			 
			 /s/ Lee R. Mitau 

THOMAS W. HANDLEY 
			 
			 LEE R. MITAU 

Director 
			 
			 Director 

/s/ Michael J. Happe 
			 
			 /s/ Teresa J. Rasmussen 

MICHAEL J. HAPPE 
			 
			 TERESA J. RASMUSSEN 

Director 
			 
			 Director 

/s/ Ruth S. Kimmelshue 
			 
			 /s/ Srilata A. Zaheer 

RUTH S. KIMMELSHUE 
			 
			 SRILATA A. ZAHEER 

Director 
			 
			 Director 

/s/ Charles T. Lauber 

CHARLES T. LAUBER 

Director 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex_576152.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_576152.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Celeste B. Mastin, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of H.B. Fuller Company; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 24, 2024 

/s/ Celeste B. Mastin 

 Celeste B. Mastin 

 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex_576153.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_576153.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, John J. Corkrean, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of H.B. Fuller Company; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 24, 2024 

/s/ John J. Corkrean 

 John J. Corkrean 

 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex_576154.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_576154.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Celeste B. Mastin, in connection with the Annual Report of H.B. Fuller Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 2, 2023 (the Report ), hereby certify that: 

(a) 

the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(b) 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of H.B. Fuller Company. 

Date: January 24, 2024 

/s/ Celeste B. Mastin 

 Celeste B. Mastin 

 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ex_576155.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_576155.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, John J. Corkrean, in connection with the Annual Report of H.B. Fuller Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 2, 2023 (the Report ), hereby certify that: 

(a) 

the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(b) 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of H.B. Fuller Company. 

Date: January 24, 2024 

/s/ John J. Corkrean 

 John J. Corkrean 

 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 11
 ex_612612.htm
 EXHIBIT 97.1

ex_612612.htm 

Exhibit 97.1 

SUBJECT 
			 Effective: October 2, 2023 

Executive and Key Manager Compensation Recovery Policy 

POLICY 

Consistent with the core values of H.B. Fuller Company ("Company"), the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee has determined that it is appropriate to recover incentive-based compensation to the extent that it was received based on erroneous financial information reported under securities laws, regardless of misconduct, or to the extent that it was received under certain other circumstances involving misconduct. 

Pursuant to this Policy, the Compensation Committee will recoup erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation from any current or former executive officer or key manager if the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of Company financial statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirements under U.S. securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (a restatement ), and a lower payment would have been made to the executive officer or key manager based upon the restated financial results. 

In any such case, the Compensation Committee will require the executive officer or key manager to reasonably promptly reimburse the Company for all incentive-based compensation received during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date that the Company is required to prepare the restatement (and during any transition period that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years, unless the transition period is deemed a completed fiscal year) (the recovery period ), to the extent that incentive-based compensation exceeds the amount of incentive-based compensation that otherwise would have been received had it been determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard to any taxes paid. The determination of the time when the Company is required to prepare a restatement shall be made in accordance with applicable SEC and New York Stock Exchange NYSE rules and regulations. 

For incentive-based compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of erroneously awarded compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in a restatement, the Compensation Committee will calculate the amount to be reimbursed based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the restatement on the stock price or shareholder return upon which the incentive-based compensation was received. The Compensation Committee will maintain documentation of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the NYSE. 

Incentive-based compensation otherwise subject to reimbursement under this Policy as a result of a restatement will not be subject to reimbursement if the Compensation Committee determines that recovery would be impracticable for one or more of the following reasons: 

(i) 

after the Company makes a reasonable attempt to recover the amount of incentive-based compensation subject to reimbursement, the Compensation Committee (a) concludes that the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in recovering the amount subject to reimbursement would exceed the amount to be reimbursed, (b) documents the reasonable attempt(s) to recover, and (c) provides that documentation to the NYSE; 

(ii) 

the Company obtains an opinion of home country counsel acceptable to the NYSE that recovery would violate home country law that was adopted prior to November 28, 2022 and provides that opinion to the NYSE; or 

(iii) 

recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to the Company s employees, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 

In other circumstances not involving a restatement, the Compensation Committee may also recoup incentive-based compensation from any current or former executive officer or key manager if the Compensation Committee determines that the executive officer or key manager engaged in intentional misconduct in performing his or her duties as an executive officer or key manager of the Company. In any such case, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Compensation Committee may require the executive officer or key manager to reimburse the Company for all or a portion of any incentive-based compensation received during any fiscal year in which the executive officer s or key manager s intentional misconduct occurred. This fiscal year will be considered a recovery period. 

The Compensation Committee may exercise discretion in determining the means of promptly recovering excess incentive-based compensation. For example, the Compensation Committee may seek direct repayment from the executive officer or key manager of any amounts to be recovered pursuant to this Policy. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, amounts to be repaid under this Policy may be recovered by other methods, including but not limited to, offsetting amounts against prior or future incentive-based compensation awards (whether or not deferred), withholding outstanding equity awards, withholding future equity awards, collecting after-tax proceeds from the sale of underlying shares and collecting after-tax proceeds of deferred compensation payouts under the Key Employee Deferred Compensation Plan. 

Any determination made by the Compensation Committee under this Policy shall be final, binding and conclusive on all parties. 

This Policy does not preclude the Company from taking any other action to enforce an executive officer s or key manager s obligations to the Company, including termination of employment or institution of civil or criminal proceedings. 

Additionally, it is the intent of this Policy to comply and be interpreted in accordance with the compensation recovery requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and related SEC and NYSE rules and regulations. This Policy may be modified to the degree that it does not comply with the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC and the NYSE, as amended from time to time. 

SCOPE 

All current and former executive officers and key managers of the Company are subject to this Policy. However, the Compensation Committee has the discretion to waive all or any part of this Policy with respect to any current or former key manager for any particular restatement. Incentive-based compensation, which may include awards granted in connection with an executive officer s or key manager s hiring, appointment or promotion, is subject to this Policy as long as the person served as an executive officer or key manager at any point during the performance period applicable to the incentive-based compensation. Incentive-based compensation received while a person is not an executive officer or key manager is not subject to this Policy. 

This Policy is in addition to the requirements of Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are applicable to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

EFFECTIVE DATE 

The effective date of this Policy is October 2, 2023. This Policy applies to incentive-based compensation received by executive officers and key managers on or after the effective date that results from attainment of a financial reporting measure based on or derived from financial information for any fiscal period ending on or after the effective date. Incentive-based compensation received by executive officers and key managers prior to the effective date remains subject to the Company s prior Executive and Key Manager Compensation Clawback Policy approved by the Compensation Committee on November 28, 2012. 

DEFINITIONS 

Executive officer shall mean executive officers designated by the Board of Directors as officers for purposes of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including anyone who served in such capacity at any time during a recovery period. 

Key manager shall mean an employee of the Company who is at grade level 32 or above, including anyone who served in such capacity at any time during a recovery period. 

Financial reporting measures shall mean measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles (including GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures) used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures. Stock price and total shareholder return are also financial reporting measures. 

Incentive-based compensation shall mean any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a financial reporting measure, including bonuses or awards under the Company s short and long-term incentive plans, grants and awards under the Company s equity incentive plans, and contributions under the Company s deferred compensation plans. Incentive-based compensation does not include awards that are granted, earned and vested without regard to attainment of financial reporting measures, such as time-vesting awards, discretionary awards and awards based on subjective standards, strategic measures or operational measures. 

Incentive-based compensation is deemed to be received in the Company s fiscal period during which the financial reporting measure specified in the incentive-based compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of the incentive-based compensation occurs after the end of that period. 

INDEMNITY 

Subject to applicable law, the Company will not indemnify any executive officer or key manager against the loss of any erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation, nor will the Company advance any costs to any executive officer or key manager in connection with any action to obtain incentive-based compensation that was recovered pursuant to this Policy. 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 ful-20231202.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 ful-20231202_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 ful-20231202_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 ful-20231202_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 ful-20231202_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

