<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240305_10-K_edgar_data_1976719_0001976719-24-000003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>30605075</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>739235</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>23152183</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2873145</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1880925</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1811757</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001976719-24-000003.hdr.sgml : 20240305
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240305152516
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001976719-24-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240305
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240305

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001976719
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				920964074
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56554
		FILM NUMBER:		24719934

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1633 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		48TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-720-0300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1633 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		48TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New Mountain Guardian IV Unlevered BDC, L.L.C.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230505

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001976719-24-000003.txt : 20240305

10-K
 1
 nmg4-20231231.htm
 10-K

nmg4-20231231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _________________________________________________________________________________ Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2023 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 _________________________________________________________________________________ Commission File Number Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter, address of principal executive offices, telephone number and states or other jurisdictions of incorporation or organization I.R.S. Employer Identification Number 
 
 , 
 Telephone: ) 
 State of Organization: 
 
 _________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None N/A N/A 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Title of each class 
 _________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Large accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated filer o 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes o No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 _________________________________________________________________________________ 
 The number of the registrant's limited liability company units outstanding as of March 5, 2024 was . As of June 30, 2023, there was established public market for the registrant's limited liability company common units. 

Table of Contents 

FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 20 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 56 
 Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 56 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 56 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 57 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 57 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity , Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securitie s 
 58 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 59 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 60 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 70 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 71 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 103 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 103 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 103 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 103 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 104 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 108 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Unitholder Matters 
 110 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 111 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 118 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 119 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 121 
 Signatures 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. BUSINESS. 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund L.L.C. ("we", "us" or "our"), formerly known as New Mountain Guardian IV Unlevered BDC, L.L.C., is a Delaware limited liability company formed on November 4, 2022. We are a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company ("BDC") under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"). We intend to elect to be treated for United States ("U.S.") federal income tax purposes, and intend to comply with requirements to qualify annually thereafter, as a regulated investment company ("RIC") under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). 
 New Mountain Finance Advisers BDC, L.L.C. 
 New Mountain Finance Advisers BDC, L.L.C. (the "Investment Adviser") is a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Mountain Capital Group, L.P. (together with New Mountain Capital, L.L.C. and its affiliates, "New Mountain Capital") whose ultimate owners include Steven B. Klinsky, other current and former New Mountain Capital professionals and related vehicles and a minority investor. New Mountain Capital is a global investment firm with approximately 50 billion of assets under management and a track record of investing in the middle market. New Mountain Capital focuses on investing in defensive growth companies across its private equity, credit and net lease investment strategies. The Investment Adviser also manages other funds that may have investment mandates that are similar, in whole or in part, to ours. The Investment Adviser manages our day-to-day operations and provides us with investment advisory and management services. In particular, the Investment Adviser is responsible for identifying attractive investment opportunities, conducting research and due diligence on prospective investments, structuring our investments and monitoring and servicing our investments. The Investment Adviser is managed by a six member investment committee (the "Investment Committee"), which is responsible for approving purchases and sales of our investments above the greater of: (i) 5.0 million or (ii) 1 of aggregate Capital Commitments in the aggregate by a single issuer. For additional information on the Investment Committee, see "Investment Committee". 
 New Mountain Finance Administration, L.L.C. 
 New Mountain Finance Administration, L.L.C. (the "Administrator"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Mountain Capital, provides the administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. The Administrator also maintains, or oversees the maintenance of, our financial records, our reports to unitholders and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The Administrator performs the calculation and publication of the value of our members' capital, the payment of our expenses and oversees the performance of various third-party service providers and the preparation and filing of our tax returns. The Administrator has hired a third party sub-administrator to assist with the provision of administrative services. The Administrator may also provide, on our behalf, managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. 
 Competition 
 We compete for investments with a number of BDCs and investment funds (including private equity and hedge funds), as well as traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks and other sources of financing. Many of these entities have greater financial and managerial resources than we do. We believe we are able to compete with these entities primarily on the basis of the experience and contacts of our management team, our responsive and efficient investment analysis and decision-making processes, the investment terms we offer, the model that we employ to perform our due diligence with the broader New Mountain Capital team and our model of investing in companies and industries we know well. 
 We believe that some of our competitors may make investments with interest rates and returns that are comparable to or lower than the rates and returns that we target. Therefore, we do not seek to compete solely on the interest rates and returns that we offer to potential portfolio companies. For additional information concerning the competitive risks we face, see Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Investment Objective and Portfolio 
 We focus on providing direct lending solutions to U.S. upper middle market companies backed by top private equity sponsors. Our investment objective is to generate current income and capital appreciation through the sourcing and origination of senior secured loans and select junior capital positions, to growing businesses in defensive industries that offer attractive risk-adjusted returns. Our differentiated investment approach leverages the deep sector knowledge and operating resources of New Mountain Capital. 
 We primarily invest in senior secured debt of U.S. sponsor-backed, middle market companies. We define middle market companies as those with annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") of 10.0 million to 200.0 million. Our focus is on defensive growth businesses that generally exhibit the following characteristics: (i) 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 acyclicality, (ii) sustainable secular growth drivers, (iii) niche market dominance and high barriers to competitive entry, (iv) recurring revenue and strong free cash flow, (v) flexible cost structures and (vi) seasoned management teams. 
 Senior secured loans may include traditional first lien loans or unitranche loans. We invest a significant portion of our portfolio in unitranche loans, which are loans that combine both senior and subordinated debt, generally in a first-lien position. Because unitranche loans combine characteristics of senior and subordinated debt, they have risks similar to the risks associated with secured debt and subordinated debt. Certain unitranche loan investments may include last-out positions, which generally heighten the risk of loss. In some cases, our investments may also include equity interests. 
 As of December 31, 2023, our top five industry concentrations were business services, software, healthcare, food beverage and education. At December 31, 2023, our portfolio consisted of 44 portfolio companies and was invested 96.8 in first lien loans, 0.9 in second lien loans and 2.3 in subordinated loans, as measured at fair value. 
 The fair value of our investments, as determined in good faith by our board of directors, was approximately 86.6 million in 44 portfolio companies at December 31, 2023. 
 The following table shows our portfolio and investment activity for the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023: For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to (in millions) December 31, 2023 New investments in 44 portfolio companies 85.1 Debt repayments in existing portfolio companies (0.1) Sales of securities in 0 portfolio companies Change in unrealized appreciation on 24 portfolio companies 1.3 Change in unrealized depreciation on 14 portfolio companies (1) 
 
 (1) For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023, change in unrealized depreciation was less than 50 thousand. 
 The following summarizes our ten largest portfolio company investments and the seven industries in which we were invested as of December 31, 2023, calculated as a percentage of fair value as of December 31, 2023: 
 Portfolio Company Percent of Total Investments at Fair Value Al Altius US Bidco, Inc. 5.1 Sierra Enterprises, LLC 5.0 Affinipay Midco, LLC 4.6 Associations, Inc. 4.6 Geo Parent Corporation 4.2 USRP Holdings, Inc. 4.0 Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company 3.9 Kaseya Inc. 3.8 Bluefin Holding, LLC 3.6 Greenway Health, LLC 3.6 42.4 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Industry Type Percent of Total Investments at Fair Value Business Services 39.6 Software 34.6 Healthcare 10.8 Food Beverage 5.0 Education 3.9 Consumer Services 3.4 Financial Services 2.7 100.0 
 Investment Criteria 
 The Investment Adviser has identified the following investment criteria and guidelines for use in evaluating prospective portfolio companies. However, not all of these criteria and guidelines were, or will be, met in connection with each of our investments. 
 Defensive growth industries. We seek to invest in industries that can succeed in both robust and weak economic environments, but which are also sufficiently large and growing to achieve high valuations providing enterprise value cushion for our targeted debt securities. 
 High barriers to competitive entry. We target industries and companies that have well defined industries and well established, understandable barriers to competitive entry. 
 Recurring revenue. Where possible, we focus on companies that have a high degree of predictability in future revenue. 
 Flexible cost structure. We seek to invest in businesses that have limited fixed costs and therefore modest operating leverage. 
 Strong free cash flow and high return on assets. We focus on businesses with a demonstrated ability to produce meaningful free cash flow from operations. We typically target companies that are not asset intensive and that have minimal capital expenditure and minimal working capital growth needs. 
 Sustainable business and niche market dominance. We seek to invest in businesses that exert niche market dominance in their industry and that have a demonstrated history of sustaining market leadership over time. 
 Established companies. We seek to invest in established companies with sound historical financial performance. We do not intend to invest in start up companies or companies with speculative business plans. 
 Investment Selection and Process 
 The Investment Adviser believes it has developed a proven, consistent and replicable investment process to execute our investment strategy. The Investment Adviser seeks to identify the most attractive investment sectors from the top down and then works to become the most advantaged investor in these sectors. The steps in the Investment Adviser's process include: 
 Identifying attractive investment sectors from the top down; 
 Creating competitive advantages in the selected industry sectors; and 
 Targeting companies with leading market share and attractive business models in its chosen sectors. 
 Investment Committee 
 The Investment Adviser is managed by a six member Investment Committee, which is responsible for approving purchases and sales of our investments above the greater of: (i) 5.0 million or (ii) 1 of aggregate Capital Commitments in the aggregate by a single issuer. The Investment Committee currently consists of Steven B. Klinsky, Robert A. Hamwee, Adam B. Weinstein, Laura C. Holson and John R. Kline. The sixth and final member of the Investment Committee will consist of a New Mountain Capital Managing Director who will hold the position on the Investment Committee on an annual rotating basis. A. Joe Delgado served on the Investment Committee from August 2022 to July 2023. Beginning in August 2023, Andre V. Moura was appointed to the Investment Committee for a one year term. In addition, our executive officers and certain investment professionals of the Investment Adviser are invited to all Investment Committee meetings. Purchases and dispositions below 5.0 million or 1 of aggregate Capital Commitments, whichever is greater, may be approved by our chief executive officer. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 These approval thresholds are subject to change over time. We expect to benefit from the extensive and varied relevant experience of the investment professionals serving on the Investment Committee, which includes expertise in private equity, primary and secondary leveraged credit, private mezzanine finance and distressed debt. 
 The purpose of the Investment Committee is to evaluate and approve, as deemed appropriate, all investments by the Investment Adviser, subject to certain thresholds. The Investment Committee's process is intended to bring the diverse experience and perspectives of the Investment Committee's members to the analysis and consideration of every investment. The Investment Committee also serves to provide investment consistency and adherence to the Investment Adviser's investment philosophies and policies. The Investment Committee also determines appropriate investment sizing and suggests ongoing monitoring requirements. 
 In addition to reviewing investments, the Investment Committee meetings serve as a forum to discuss credit views and outlooks. Potential transactions and investment opportunities are also reviewed on a regular basis. The members of our investment team are encouraged to share information and views on credit with the Investment Committee early in their analysis. This process improves the quality of the analysis and allows the deal team members to work more efficiently. 
 Investment Structure 
 We target debt investments that will yield current income that can support distributions to our unitholders. Our debt investments are typically structured with the maximum seniority and collateral that we can reasonably obtain while seeking to achieve our target return profile. 
 The terms of our debt investments are tailored to the facts and circumstances of the transaction and prospective portfolio company and are structured to protect such portfolio company's rights and manage our risk while creating incentives for the portfolio company to achieve its business plan. A substantial source of return is the cash interest that we collect on our debt investments. 
 First lien and unitranche loans, second lien loans, subordinated loans and bonds generally have terms of four to seven years, provide for a variable or fixed interest rate and may contain prepayment penalties. First lien loans are secured by a first priority security interest in all existing and future assets of the borrower. We invest a significant portion of our portfolio in unitranche loans, which are loans that combine both senior and subordinated debt, generally in a first-lien position. Because unitranche loans combine characteristics of senior and subordinated debt, they have risks similar to the risks associated with secured debt and subordinated debt according to the combination of loan characteristics of the unitranche loan. Unitranche loans generally allow the borrower to make a large lump sum payment of principal at the end of the loan term and there is a heightened risk of loss if the borrower is unable to pay the lump sum or refinance the amount owed at maturity. Our first lien loans may include traditional first lien senior secured loans or unitranche loans. Unitranche loans will expose us to the risks associated with second lien and subordinated loans to the extent we invest in the last out tranche. Second lien loans are secured by a second priority interest and subordinated loans are generally unsecured. Our loan and bond investments may include payment in kind ("PIK") interest, which represents contractual interest accrued and added to the principal balance that generally becomes due at maturity. In some cases, our investments may also include equity interests. 
 In addition, from time to time we may also enter into revolving credit facilities, bridge financing commitments, delayed draw commitments or other commitments which can result in providing future financing to a portfolio company. When we make a debt investment, we may be granted equity in the portfolio company in the same class of security as the sponsor receives upon funding. 
 We may make investments through wholly owned subsidiaries. Such subsidiaries are expected to be organized as corporations or limited liability companies and will not be registered under the 1940 Act. These subsidiaries may be formed to obtain favorable tax benefits or to obtain financing on favorable terms due to their bankruptcy remote characteristics. Our board of directors (the "Board") has oversight responsibility for our investment activities, including our investment in any subsidiary, and our role as sole shareholder of any subsidiary. To the extent applicable to the investment activities of a subsidiary, the subsidiary will follow the same compliance policies and procedures as we do. We would "look through" any such subsidiary to determine compliance with our investment policies and would generally expect to consolidate any such wholly-owned subsidiary for purposes of our financial statements and compliance with the 1940 Act. In addition, the borrowings of any of our wholly-owned subsidiaries would be considered our borrowings for purposes of complying with the asset coverage requirements under the 1940 Act. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Portfolio Company Monitoring 
 We monitor the performance and financial trends of our portfolio companies on at least a quarterly basis. We attempt to identify any developments within the portfolio company, the industry or the macroeconomic environment that may alter any material element of our original investment strategy. Our portfolio monitoring procedures are designed to provide a simple yet comprehensive analysis of our portfolio companies based on their operating performance and underlying business characteristics, which in turn forms the basis of its Risk Rating (as defined below). 
 We use an investment risk rating system to characterize and monitor the credit profile and expected level of returns on each investment in the portfolio. As such, we assign each investment a composite score ("Risk Rating") based on two metrics 1) Operating Performance and 2) Business Characteristics: 
 Operating Performance assesses the health of the investment in context of its financial performance and the market environment it faces. The metric is expressed in Tiers of "1" to "4", with "1" being the worst and "4" being the best: 
 Tier 1 Severe business underperformance and/or severe market headwinds 
 Tier 2 Significant business underperformance and/or significant market headwinds 
 Tier 3 Moderate business underperformance and/or moderate market headwinds 
 Tier 4 Business performance is in-line with or above expectations 
 Business Characteristics assesses the health of the investment in context of the underlying portfolio company's business and credit quality, the underlying portfolio company's current balance sheet, and the level of support from the equity sponsor. The metric is expressed as on a qualitative scale of "A" to "C", with "A" being the best and "C" being the worst. 
 The Risk Rating for each investment is a composite of these two metrics. The Risk Rating is expressed in categories of Red, Orange, Yellow and Green, with Red reflecting an investment performing materially below expectations and Green reflecting an investment that is in-line with or above expectations. The mapping of the composite scores to these categories are below: 
 Red 1C (e.g., Tier 1 for Operating Performance and C for Business Characteristics) 
 Orange 2C and 1B 
 Yellow 3C, 2B, and 1A 
 Green 4C, 3B, 2A, 4B, 3A, and 4A 
 The following table shows the Risk Ratings of our portfolio companies as of December 31, 2023: (in millions) As of December 31, 2023 Risk Rating Cost Percent Fair Value Percent Red Orange Yellow Green 85.4 100.0 86.6 100.0 85.4 100.0 86.6 100.0 
 As of December 31, 2023, all investments in our portfolio had a Green Risk Rating. 
 Exit Strategies/Refinancing 
 We expect to exit our investments typically through one of four scenarios: (i) the sale of the portfolio company itself, resulting in repayment of all outstanding debt, (ii) the recapitalization of the portfolio company in which our loan is replaced with debt or equity from a third party or parties (in some cases, we may choose to participate in the newly issued loan(s)), (iii) the repayment of the initial or remaining principal amount of our loan then outstanding at maturity, or (iv) our sale of the debt investment. In some investments, there may be scheduled amortization of some portion of our loan which would result in a partial exit of our investment prior to the maturity of the loan. 
 During the Investment Period (as defined below), repayments and refinancings will be redeployed into new investments or used to pay down existing subscription lines and/or working capital credit facilities. After the Investment Period, the Investment Adviser may pursue several options to return capital to investors. These may include running off the portfolio over subsequent years as investments are repaid, secondary sales in the market and other potential liquidity options. For the 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 avoidance of doubt, we have no intention of pursuing an initial public offering and our documents will prohibit this type of event; however, unitholders may be given the opportunity (but would not be required) to elect to exchange their interests in us for interests in another investment vehicle managed by the Investment Adviser or its affiliates. 
 Valuation of Portfolio Securities 
 At all times consistent with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and the 1940 Act, we conduct a valuation of our assets, pursuant to which our members' capital is determined. 
 We value our assets on a quarterly basis, or more frequently if required under the 1940 Act. In all cases, our Board is ultimately and solely responsible for determining the fair value of our portfolio investments on a quarterly basis in good faith, including investments that are not publicly traded, those whose market prices are not readily available and any other situation where our portfolio investments require a fair value determination. Security transactions are accounted for on a trade date basis. Our quarterly valuation procedures are set forth in more detail below: 
 (1) Investments for which market quotations are readily available on an exchange are valued at such market quotations based on the closing price indicated from independent pricing services. 
 (2) Investments for which indicative prices are obtained from various pricing services and/or brokers or dealers are valued through a multi-step valuation process, as described below, to determine whether the quote(s) obtained is representative of fair value in accordance with GAAP. 
 a. Bond quotes are obtained through independent pricing services. Internal reviews are performed by the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser to ensure that the quote obtained is representative of fair value in accordance with GAAP and, if so, the quote is used. If the Investment Adviser is unable to sufficiently validate the quote(s) internally and if the investment's par value or its fair value exceeds the materiality threshold, the investment is valued similarly to those assets with no readily available quotes (see (3) below); and 
 b. For investments other than bonds, the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser look at the number of quotes readily available and perform the following procedures: 
 i. Investments for which two or more quotes are received from a pricing service are valued using the mean of the mean of the bid and ask of the quotes obtained. We will evaluate the reasonableness of the quote, and if the quote is determined to not be representative of fair value, we will use one or more of the methodologies outlined below to determine fair value; and 
 ii. Investments for which one quote is received from a pricing service are validated internally. The investment professionals of the Investment Adviser analyze the market quotes obtained using an array of valuation methods (further described below) to validate the fair value. If the Investment Adviser is unable to sufficiently validate the quote internally and if the investment's par value or its fair value exceeds the materiality threshold, the investment is valued similarly to those assets with no readily available quotes (see (3) below). 
 (3) Investments for which quotations are not readily available through exchanges, pricing services, brokers, or dealers are valued through a multi-step valuation process: 
 a. Each portfolio company or investment is initially valued by the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser responsible for the credit monitoring; 
 b. Preliminary valuation conclusions will then be documented and discussed with our senior management; 
 c. If an investment falls into (3) above for four consecutive quarters and if the investment's par value or its fair value exceeds the materiality threshold, then at least once each fiscal year, the valuation for each portfolio investment for which the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser do not have a readily available market quotation will be reviewed by an independent valuation firm engaged by our Board; and 
 d. When deemed appropriate by our management, an independent valuation firm may be engaged to review and value investment(s) of a portfolio company, without any preliminary valuation being performed by the Investment Adviser. The investment professionals of the Investment Adviser will review and validate the value provided. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 For investments in revolving credit facilities and delayed draw commitments, the cost basis of the funded investments purchased is offset by any costs/netbacks received for any unfunded portion on the total balance committed. The fair value is also adjusted for the price appreciation or depreciation on the unfunded portion. As a result, the purchase of a commitment not completely funded may result in a negative fair value until it is called and funded. 
 The values assigned to investments are based upon available information and do not necessarily represent amounts which might ultimately be realized, since such amounts depend on future circumstances and cannot be reasonably determined until the individual positions are liquidated. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may fluctuate from period to period and the fluctuations could be material. 
 Operating and Regulatory Environment 
 As with other companies regulated by the 1940 Act, a BDC must adhere to certain regulatory requirements. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to investments by a BDC in another investment company, as well as transactions between BDCs and their affiliates, principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters. A BDC must be organized and have its principal place of business in the United States, it must be operated for the purpose of investing in or lending to primarily private or thinly traded companies and it must make significant managerial assistance available to those companies whose securities are considered Qualifying Assets (as defined below) for the BDC. 
 We have a Board. A majority of our Board must be persons who are not "interested persons" of ours, as that term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act (the "Independent Directors"). As a BDC, we are prohibited from indemnifying any director or officer against any liability to us or our unitholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person's office. Additionally, to provide additional unitholder protection, we are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company. 
 As a BDC, we are required to meet a coverage ratio of the value of total assets to total senior securities, which include all of our borrowings, and any preferred units we may issue in the future, of at least 150.0 (which means we can borrow 2 for every 1 of our equity). We monitor our compliance with this coverage ratio on a regular basis. 
 We may, to the extent permitted under the 1940 Act, issue additional equity or debt capital. We will generally not be able to issue and sell our limited liability company interests (the "Units") at a price below members' capital per Unit without unitholder approval. See Item 1. Business The Private Offering in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We may, however, sell our Units, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our Units, at a price below the then current value of our members' capital if our Board determines that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our unitholders, and our unitholders approve such sale. In addition, we may generally issue new Units at a price below the value of our members' capital in rights offerings to existing unitholders, in payment of dividends and in certain other limited circumstances. 
 As a BDC, we will not generally be permitted to invest in any portfolio company in which the Investment Adviser or any of its affiliates currently have an investment or make any co investments with the Investment Adviser or its affiliates without an exemptive order from the SEC. On August 30, 2022, the SEC issued an exemptive order (the "Exemptive Order") to the Investment Adviser and certain of its affiliates, which superseded prior orders issued on October 8, 2019 and December 18, 2017, which permits us to co invest in portfolio companies with certain funds or entities managed by the Investment Adviser or its affiliates in certain negotiated transactions where co investing would otherwise be prohibited under the 1940 Act, subject to the conditions of the Exemptive Order. Pursuant to the Exemptive Order, we are permitted to co invest with our affiliates if a "required majority" (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our Independent Directors make certain conclusions in connection with a co investment transaction, including, but not limited to, that (1) the terms of the potential co investment transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our unitholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of us or our unitholders on the part of any person concerned, and (2) the potential co investment transaction is consistent with the interests of our unitholders and is consistent with our then current investment objective and strategies. 
 We may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities, as required by the 1940 Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser of: (a) 67.0 or more of such company's voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50.0 of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (b) more than 50.0 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. We do not anticipate any substantial change in the nature of our business. 
 In addition, as a BDC, we are not permitted to issue Units in consideration for services. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company 
 We were treated as a disregarded entity wholly owned by the Investment Adviser for the period beginning with the date of inception on November 4, 2022 through May 23, 2023. From May 24, 2023 and thereafter, we intend to elect to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and intend to comply with the requirements to continue to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. 
 To qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: (1) have an election in effect to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; (2) have filed with our return for the taxable year an election to be a RIC or have made such election for a previous taxable year; (3) derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from (a) dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, and gains from the sale or other disposition of stock or securities or foreign currencies, or fee income (including but not limited to gains from options, futures or forward contracts) derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock, securities, or currencies; and (b) net income derived from an interest in certain publicly traded partnerships that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that derive less than 90 of their gross income from the items described in (a) above (each, a "Qualified Publicly Traded Partnership"); and (4) diversify our holdings so that, at the end of each quarter of each taxable year (a) at least 50 of the value of our total assets is represented by cash and cash items (including receivables), U.S. government securities and securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our total assets, or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of such issuer, and (b) not more than 25 of the value of our total assets is invested in (I) the securities (other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs) of any one issuer, (II) the securities, other than securities of other RICs, of any two or more issuers which we control and which are determined to be engaged in the same or similar trades or businesses or related trades or businesses or (III) the securities of certain Qualified Publicly Traded Partnerships. 
 As a RIC, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our investment company taxable income (as that term is defined in the Code, but determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid) and net capital gains (the excess of net long term capital gains over net short term capital losses), if any, that we distribute in each taxable year to our unitholders, provided that we distribute dividends equal to at least 90 of our investment company taxable income plus 90 of our net interest income excludable under Section 103(a) of the Code. We intend to distribute to our unitholders, each taxable year, substantially all of our investment company taxable income and net capital gains. 
 Amounts not distributed on a timely basis in accordance with a calendar year distribution requirement are subject to a nondeductible 4 U.S. federal excise tax. To prevent imposition of the excise tax, we must timely distribute during each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98 of our ordinary income (not taking into account any capital gains or losses) for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of our capital gains in excess of our capital losses (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for the one year period ending October 31 of the calendar year, and (iii) any ordinary income and capital gains net income that we recognized for previous years, but were not distributed during those years, and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax. For these purposes, we will be deemed to have distributed any income or gains on which we paid U.S. federal income tax. 
 A distribution will be treated as paid on December 31 of any calendar year if it is declared by us in October, November or December with a record date in such a month and paid by us during January of the following calendar year. Such distributions will be taxable to unitholders in the calendar year in which the distributions are declared, rather than the calendar year in which the distributions are received. 
 Failure to Qualify as a Regulated Investment Company 
 If we fail to qualify as a RIC or fail to satisfy the 90 distribution requirement in any taxable year, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates on our taxable income (including distributions of net capital gains), even if such income were distributed to our unitholders, and all distributions out of earnings and profits would be taxed to unitholders as ordinary dividend income. Such distributions generally may be eligible (i) to be treated as "qualified dividend income" in the case of individuals and other noncorporate unitholders and (ii) for the dividends received deduction in the case of corporate unitholders. In addition, we could be required to recognize unrealized gains, pay taxes and make distributions (which could be subject to interest charges) before requalifying for taxation as a RIC. 
 While we generally intend to qualify as a RIC for each taxable year, it is possible that we may not satisfy the diversification requirements described above, and thus may not qualify as a RIC, for the short taxable year that includes the initial closing of the Private Offering (as defined below). In such case, however, we anticipate that the associated tax liability would not be material, and that such non compliance would not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, although there can be no assurance in this regard. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Summary Risk Factors 
 The risk factors described below are a summary of the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us. These are not the only risks we face. You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with the risk factors set forth in Item1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other reports and documents filed by us with the SEC. 
 General Risks of an Investment in our Units 
 There is no assurance that we will be able to generate returns for our investors or that the returns will be commensurate with the risks of investing in the type of companies and transactions described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our success will depend on the ability of the Investment Adviser to identify suitable portfolio investments, to negotiate and arrange the closing of appropriate transactions, and to arrange the timely disposition of portfolio investments. 
 Because the incentive fee is based on the performance of our portfolio, the Investment Adviser may be incentivized to make investments on our behalf that are riskier or more speculative than would be the case in the absence of such compensation arrangement. 
 We have a limited operating history. 
 The 1940 Act and the Code impose numerous constraints on the operations of BDCs and RICs that do not apply to the other investment vehicles previously managed by the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser. 
 If we fail to maintain our status as a BDC or qualify as a RIC, our operating flexibility could be significantly reduced. 
 Certain Risks Relating to Portfolio Investments 
 Investments in small and middle market businesses are highly speculative and involve a high degree of risk of credit loss. 
 If a portfolio company cannot generate adequate cash flow to meet its debt obligations (including obligations to us), we may suffer a partial or total loss of capital invested in the portfolio company. 
 A portfolio company's failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, termination of its loans and a foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross defaults under other agreements and jeopardize a portfolio company's ability to meet its obligations under the debt and/or equity securities that we hold. 
 We may not have the funds or ability to make additional investments in our portfolio companies or to fund our unfunded debt commitments. 
 Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies. 
 We are subject to the risk that the investments we make in our portfolio companies may be repaid prior to maturity. 
 A significant change in market interest rates may have a material adverse effect on our net investment income in the event we use debt to finance our investments. 
 We may participate in a limited number of portfolio investments and, as a consequence, our aggregate return may be substantially adversely affected by the unfavorable performance of even a single portfolio investment. 
 To the extent we concentrate portfolio investments in a particular issuer, industry, sub sector, security, investment type, or geographic region, we will become more susceptible to fluctuations in value resulting from adverse economic and business conditions with respect thereto. 
 Many of our portfolio investments will be highly illiquid, and we may not be able to realize on such portfolio investments in a timely manner. 
 We will be competing for investments with many other investors, as well as financial institutions, open end funds, closed end funds, hedge funds and investment funds affiliated with other financial sponsors and other investors. 
 We may invest in portfolio companies that may (i) have an unfavorable financial history, (ii) be operating at a loss or have significant fluctuations in operating results, (iii) be engaged in rapidly changing business environments or (iv) need substantial additional capital to set up internal infrastructure, hire management and personnel, support expansion or achieve or maintain a competitive position. 
 We may invest in companies in rapidly changing fields, which may rely on the use of proprietary technology and be materially impacted by technological changes. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 In connection with certain portfolio investments, we may employ hedging techniques designed to reduce the risk of adverse movements in interest rates, securities prices and currency exchange rates to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. While such transactions may reduce certain risks, such transactions themselves may entail certain other risks. 
 Our investments are almost entirely rated below investment grade or may be unrated, which are often referred to as "leveraged loans", "high yield" or "junk" securities, and may be considered "high risk" compared to debt instruments that are rated investment grade. 
 Risks Relating to Our Units and Operations 
 Our Units have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or applicable securities laws of any U.S. state or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and, therefore, cannot be resold unless they are subsequently registered under the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws or an exemption from such registration is available. 
 Because there is significant uncertainty as to the valuation of illiquid investments, the values of such investments may not necessarily reflect the values that we could actually realize. 
 The 1940 Act also prohibits certain "joint" transactions with certain of our affiliates, which could include investments in the same portfolio company (whether at the same or closely related times), without prior approval of our Board and, in some cases, the SEC. 
 We cannot assure you that we will continue to achieve investment results or maintain a tax status that will allow us to make a specified level of cash distributions or year to year increases in cash distributions. 
 If the Investment Adviser resigns, we may not be able to find a new Adviser or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms within 60 days, or at all. 
 Certain Market, Regulatory and Tax Risks 
 Periods of market volatility have occurred and could continue to occur in response to pandemics or other events outside of our control. 
 We are obligated to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, including the internal control evaluation and certification requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ("Sarbanes-Oxley Act"). 
 The alternative reference rates that have replaced LIBOR in our credit agreements and other financial instruments may not yield the same or similar economic results as LIBOR over the life of such transactions. 
 The Private Offering 
 We conducted a private offering (the "Private Offering") of our Units to investors in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Units will be offered for subscription continuously throughout the Closing Period (as defined below). Each investor in the Private Offering will make a capital commitment (each, a "Capital Commitment") to purchase Units pursuant to a subscription agreement entered into with us (a "Subscription Agreement"). We expect closings of the Private Offering will occur, from time to time, in the Investment Adviser's sole discretion, during the 18-month period following the initial closing of Capital Commitments, which occurred on May 23, 2023 (the "Closing Period"). We may accept and draw down on Capital Commitments from investors throughout the Closing Period and may draw down on Capital Commitments after the Closing Period. We commenced our loan origination and investment activities on May 24, 2023. The investment period began on May 23, 2023 and will continue until November 23, 2028, the four year anniversary of the end of the Closing Period (the "Investment Period"). Our term is until November 23, 2030, six years from the end of the Closing Period, subject to (i) a one year extension as determined by the Investment Adviser in its sole discretion and (ii) an additional one year extension as determined by our Board (the six year period and any successive extensions, the "Term"). 
 We have entered into separate subscription agreements with one or more investors providing for the private placement of Units pursuant to the Private Offering and expect to enter into additional subscription agreements from time to time . As of December 31, 2023 , we had aggregate Capital Commitments accepted from investors of 211.2 million, of which 105.6 million was undrawn. 
 Investors are required to make capital contributions to purchase Units at a specified time (subject to applicable cure periods) each time we deliver a drawdown notice, which will be issued based on our anticipated investment activities and capital needs, in an aggregate amount not to exceed each investor's respective Capital Commitment to purchase Units pursuant to a Subscription Agreement entered into with us. We will deliver drawdown requests at least ten business days prior to the required funding date. Holders of Capital Commitments with the lowest Contribution Capital Percentage (as defined below) will first be required to purchase our Units until all holders of Capital Commitments have the same Contributed Capital 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Percentage (as defined below), and then purchases will be made pro rata in accordance with remaining Capital Commitments. As a result, for Capital Commitments, purchases of our Units will generally be made first by holders with the largest percentage of their Capital Commitments undrawn (i.e., a catch-up purchase) and then, once all holders have the same percentage of undrawn Capital Commitments outstanding, pro rata in accordance with remaining Capital Commitments of all investors. "Contributed Capital Percentage" means, with respect to an investor holding Capital Commitments, the percentage determined by dividing such investor's Contributed Capital (as defined below) by such investor's total Capital Commitments (whether or not funded). "Contributed Capital" means, with respect to an investor holding Capital Commitments, the aggregate amount of capital contributions from such investor's Capital Commitments that has been funded by such investor to purchase Units. For the avoidance of doubt, Contributed Capital will not take into account distributions of our investment income (i.e., proceeds received in respect of interest payments, dividends or fees, net of expenses) to the investors or return of capital distributions. 
 The offering price per Unit at the initial drawdown from investors in the Private Offering (the Initial Drawdown ), which occurred on May 31, 2023 (the "Initial Drawdown Date"), was 10.00. Pursuant to the limited liability company agreement, as amended and restated on July 10, 2023, (the "A R LLC Agreement"), t he offering price for future drawdown dates will be (i) for any future Drawdown Dates or Catch-Up Dates (each as defined in the A R LLC Agreement) where the then-current Per Unit NAV (as defined in the A R LLC Agreement) plus allocable Organizational and Offering Expenses is greater than or equal to 9.70, 10.00, (ii) for any future Drawdown Dates or Catch-Up Dates where the then-current Per Unit NAV plus allocable Organizational and Offering Expenses per Unit is greater than or equal to 9.70, 10.00, and (iii) where the then-current Per Unit NAV plus allocable Organizational and Offering Expenses per Unit is less than 9.70, the greater of (A) Per Unit NAV plus allocable Organizational and Offering Expenses per Unit and (B) 9.50. The Per Unit NAV at the time of such issuances may be greater than or less than the offering price. 
 Fund Term and Potential Exchange Option 
 We will be liquidated and dissolved in an orderly manner (i) upon the expiration of our Term (as such Term may be extended pursuant to the above), (ii) at any time upon a decision of our Board, subject to any necessary unitholder approvals and applicable requirements of the 1940 Act or (iii) as otherwise provided in the A R LLC Agreement. 
 Prior to the end of the Term, the unitholders may be given the opportunity (but would not be required) to elect to exchange their Units for interests in another investment vehicle managed by the Investment Adviser or its affiliates. Any such exchange would be structured in a manner so as to not cause dilution to unitholders who do not elect to exchange their Units. There is no assurance such opportunity to exchange Units will be provided. 
 Investment Management Agreement 
 We are a closed end, non diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. We are externally managed by our Investment Adviser and pay our Investment Adviser a fee for its services. The following summarizes our arrangements with the Investment Adviser pursuant to the investment advisory and management agreement (the "Investment Management Agreement"). 
 Management Services 
 The Investment Adviser is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act"). The Investment Adviser serves as our investment adviser pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement in accordance with the 1940 Act. Subject to the overall supervision of our Board, the Investment Adviser manages our day-to-day operations and provides us with investment advisory and management services. Under the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, the Investment Adviser: 
 determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 
 determines the securities and other assets that we will purchase, retain or sell; 
 identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of our investments that we make; 
 executes, monitors and services the investments that we make; 
 performs due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; 
 votes, exercises consents and exercises all other rights appertaining to such securities and other assets on our behalf; and 
 provides us with such other investment advisory, research and related services as we may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of our funds. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 The Investment Adviser's services under the Investment Management Agreement are not exclusive, and the Investment Adviser (so long as its services to us are not impaired) and/or other entities affiliated with New Mountain Capital are permitted to furnish similar services to other entities. The Investment Adviser also manages other funds that may have investment mandates that are similar, in whole or in part, to ours. 
 Management Fees 
 Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, we have agreed to pay the Investment Adviser a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of two components a base management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the base management fee payable to the Investment Adviser and any incentive fees paid in cash to the Investment Adviser are borne by us and, as a result, are indirectly borne by our unitholders. 
 Base Management Fees 
 Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, the base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears at an annual rate of 0.75 of the aggregate contributed capital from all unitholders (including any outstanding borrowings under any subscription line drawn in lieu of capital calls) less any return of capital distributions and less any cumulative realized losses since inception (calculated net of any subsequently reversed realized losses and net of any realized gains) as of the last day of the applicable quarter. For the period from the effective date of the Investment Management Agreement through the one-year anniversary of the Initial Drawdown Date, the base management fee shall be reduced by 50.0 (for the avoidance of doubt, this results in an annual rate of 0.375 through May 31, 2024, the one year anniversary of the Initial Drawdown Date). Because the one year anniversary of the Initial Drawdown Date occurs on a date other than the last day of a calendar quarter, the management fee shall be prorated for such calendar quarter and calculated based on the number of days in such period up to, and including, the one year anniversary of the Initial Drawdown Date. The base management fee could also be reduced by any voluntary fee waivers made by the Investment Adviser. The management fee will be reduced, but not below zero, by any amounts paid by us or our subsidiaries to a placement agent, any organizational and offering expenses in excess of the lesser of 2.0 million or 0.25 of the aggregate Capital Commitments and any fund expenses in excess of the Specified Expenses Cap (as defined below). 
 The Investment Adviser has entered into agreements with placement agents that provide for ongoing payments from the Investment Adviser based upon the amount of a unitholder's Capital Commitment or capital contributions. Neither we nor any unitholders will bear any of the fees paid to our placement agents as any such fees paid by us will offset the management fees. 
 Incentive Fees 
 The incentive fee consists of two components that are independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. A portion of the incentive fee is based on a percentage of our income and a portion is based on a percentage of our capital gains, each as described below. 
 Incentive Fee on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 The portion based on our income (the "Income Incentive Fee") is based on pre-incentive fee net investment income ("Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income"). Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income means interest income, dividend income and any fee income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, upfront, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the management fee, expenses payable under the administration agreement (the "Administration Agreement"), and any interest expense and distributions paid on any issued and outstanding preferred units, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our members' capital at the end of the immediately preceding quarter, is compared to a "hurdle rate" of return of 1.25 per quarter (5.0 annualized). 
 We will pay the Investment Adviser an incentive fee quarterly in arrears with respect to our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 no incentive fee based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in any calendar quarter in which our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the hurdle rate of 1.25 (5.0 annualized); 
 100 of the dollar amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than or equal to a rate of return of 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 1.389 (5.556 annualized). We refer to this portion of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.389 as the "catch-up." The "catch-up" is meant to provide the Investment Adviser with approximately 10.0 of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this net investment income exceeds 1.389 in any calendar quarter; and 
 10.0 of the dollar amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds a rate of return of 1.389 (5.556 annualized). This reflects that once the hurdle rate is reached and the catch-up is achieved, 10.0 of all Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income thereafter is allocated to the Investment Adviser. 
 The fees that are payable under the Investment Management Agreement for any partial period will be appropriately prorated. 
 Incentive Fee on Capital Gains 
 The second component of the incentive fee is the capital gains incentive fee. We will pay the Investment Adviser an incentive fee with respect to our cumulative realized capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation since inception ("Cumulative Net Realized Gains") based on the waterfall below: 
 a. First, no incentive fee is payable to the Investment Adviser on Cumulative Net Realized Gains until total return of capital distributions, distributions of net investment income and distributions of net realized capital gains to unitholders is equal to total capital contributions; 
 b. Second, no incentive is payable to the Investment Adviser on Cumulative Net Realized Gains until we have paid cumulative distributions equal to an annualized, cumulative internal rate of return of 5.0 on the total contributed capital to us calculated from the date that each such amount was due to be contributed to us until the date each such distribution is paid; 
 c. Third, upon a distribution that results in cumulative distributions exceeding the amounts in clause (a) and (b) above, an incentive fee on capital gains payable to the Investment Adviser equal to 100.0 of the amount of Cumulative Net Realized Gains until the Investment Adviser has received (together with amounts the Investment Adviser has received under Income Incentive Fees) an amount equal to 10.0 of the sum of (i) the cumulative distributions to unitholders made pursuant to clause (b) above, (ii) Income Incentive Fee paid to the Investment Adviser and (iii) amounts paid to the Investment Adviser pursuant to this clause (c); and 
 d. Thereafter, an incentive fee on capital gains equal to 10.0 of additional undistributed Cumulative Net Realized Gains. 
 Upon our termination, the Investment Adviser will be required to return incentive fees to us to the extent that: (i) the Investment Adviser has received cumulative incentive fees in excess of 10.0 of the sum of (A) our cumulative distributions other than return of capital contributions and (B) the cumulative incentive fees paid to the Investment Adviser; or (ii) the unitholders have not received a 5.0 cumulative internal rate of return; provided that in no event will such restoration be more than the incentive fees received by the Investment Adviser. 
 In accordance with GAAP, we accrue a hypothetical capital gains incentive fee based upon the cumulative net realized capital gains and realized capital losses and the cumulative net unrealized capital appreciation and unrealized capital depreciation on investments held at the end of each period. The accrual for any capital gains incentive fee under GAAP in a given period may result in an additional expense if such cumulative amount is greater than in the prior period or a reduction of previously recorded expense if such cumulative amount is less than the amount in the prior period. If such cumulative amount is negative, then there is no accrual. Actual amounts paid to the Investment Adviser are consistent with the Investment Management Agreement and are based only on realized capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each calendar year. 
 Incentive Fee Waiver 
 On December 18, 2023, the Company and the Investment Adviser, entered into a voluntary letter waiver agreement (the Waiver Agreement to be effective as of January 1, 2024, whereby the Investment Adviser agreed to waive certain portions of the incentive fees paid by us to the Investment Adviser, pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement. The Waiver Agreement increases the hurdle rate, as described above, to 6.0 and waives any income based incentive fees that would have been earned at the current hurdle rate of 5.0 , so long as the average three-month SOFR over the trailing three-month period (the Three Month SOFR is equal to or greater than 3.0 on the last day of the applicable quarter. If the Three Month SOFR falls below 3.0 on the last day of the applicable quarter, the hurdle rate will reset to 5.0 . Additionally, through the Waiver Agreement and with respect to the incentive fee on capital gains, the annualized, cumulative internal rate of return will be calculated using a Weighted Average Hurdle Rate (as defined in the Waiver Agreement) that takes into account any hurdle rate increases during the year. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Expense Limitation 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Adviser has agreed to reduce and/or waive its management fee (the "Specified Expenses Cap") each year such that we will not be required to pay Specified Expenses (as defined below) in excess of a maximum aggregate amount in any calendar year (prorated for partial years and portions of years for which each applicable prong of the cap applies) equal to: (1) during the Closing Period, 0.40 of the greater of (A) 500.0 million or (B) actual aggregate Capital Commitments as of the end of such calendar year, (2) at the end of the Closing Period until the end of the Investment Period, 0.40 of aggregate Capital Commitments and (3) after the end of the Investment Period, 0.40 of the average Members' Capital for the calendar year. Further, if our actual aggregate committed capital at the end of the Closing Period is less than 500.0 million, the prong of the Specified Expenses Cap in clause (1) above will be retroactively adjusted to equal 0.40 of aggregate committed capital at the end of the Closing Period, and the Investment Adviser has agreed to further reduce and/or waive its management fee for the year in which the Closing Period ends in an amount equal to the difference between (A) the amount that would have been required to be waived/reimbursed pursuant to clause (1) above as adjusted and (B) the amount previously waived/reimbursed pursuant to clause (1) above. Our "Specified Expenses" means all Company Expenses (as defined under "Fund Expenses" in the A R LLC Agreement) incurred in our operation with the exception of: (i) the management fee, (ii) any incentive fees, (iii) Organizational and Offering Expenses (as defined in the A R LLC Agreement) (which are subject to the Organizational and Offering Expense Cap), (iv) Placement Fees (as defined in the A R LLC Agreement), (v) interest on and fees and expenses arising out of all our indebtedness and other financing, (vi) costs of any litigation and damages (including the costs of any indemnity or contribution right granted to any placement agent or third-party finder engaged by us or our affiliates) and (vii) for the avoidance of doubt, if applicable, any investor level withholding or other taxes. 
 If, while the Investment Adviser is the investment adviser to us, the annualized Specified Expenses for a given calendar year are less than the Specified Expenses Cap, the Investment Adviser shall be entitled to reimbursement by us of the compensation waived and other expenses borne by the Investment Adviser (the "Reimbursement Amount") on behalf of us pursuant to the expense limitation and reimbursement agreement between us and the Investment Adviser (the "Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement") during any of the previous thirty-six (36) months, and provided that such amount paid to the Investment Adviser will in no event exceed the total Reimbursement Amount and will not include any amounts previously reimbursed. The Reimbursement Amount plus the annualized Specified Expenses for a given calendar year shall not exceed the Specified Expenses Cap. The Investment Adviser may recapture a Specified Expense in any year within the thirty-six month period after the Investment Adviser bears the expense. 
 The Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement may be amended by mutual agreement of the parties, provided that any amendment that could result in an increase in expenses borne by us also must be approved by vote of a majority of the outstanding Units. 
 Payment of Expenses 
 Our primary operating expenses are interest payable on our debt, the payment of a base management fee and any incentive fees under the Investment Management Agreement and the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations to us under the Administration Agreement. We bear all other expenses of our operations and transactions, including (without limitation) fees and expenses relating to: 
 organizational and offering expenses; 
 the investigation and monitoring of our investments; 
 the cost of calculating members' capital; 
 interest payable on debt, if any, to finance our investments; 
 the cost of effecting sales and repurchases of our Units and other securities; 
 fees payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making investments and valuing investments (including third-party valuation firms); 
 transfer agent and custodial fees; 
 marketing efforts (including attendance at investment conferences and similar events); 
 federal and state registration fees; 
 any exchange listing fees; 
 federal, state, local and foreign taxes; 
 Independent Directors' fees and expenses; 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 brokerage commissions; 
 costs of proxy statements, unitholders' reports and notices; 
 costs of preparing government filings, including periodic and current reports with the SEC; 
 independent audits and outside legal costs; 
 costs associated with reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and applicable federal and state securities laws; 
 fidelity bond, liability insurance and other insurance premiums; and 
 printing, mailing and all other direct expenses incurred by either the Investment Adviser or us in connection with administering our business, including payments under the Administration Agreement that are based upon our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations to us under the Administration Agreement, including the allocable portion of the compensation of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. 
 Qualifying Assets 
 Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as "qualifying assets", unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70.0 of the BDC's total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are any of the following: 
 1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an "eligible portfolio company", or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 
 a) is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 
 b) is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 
 c) satisfies any of the following: 
 i) does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 
 ii) has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non voting common equity of less than 250.0 million; 
 iii) is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or 
 iv) is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2.0 million. 
 2) Securities of any eligible portfolio company that the BDC controls. 
 3) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 
 4) Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and the BDC already owns 60.0 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 
 5) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 
 6) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, a BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. 
 As of December 31, 2023, 2.6 of our total assets were non-qualifying assets. 
 Significant Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 BDCs generally must offer to make available to the issuer of qualifying assets significant managerial assistance, except in circumstances where either (i) the BDC controls such issuer of securities or (ii) the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together and one of the other persons in the group makes available such managerial assistance. Making available significant managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. The Administrator or its affiliate will provide such significant managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that accept our offer of managerial assistance. 
 Temporary Investments 
 Pending investments in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as "temporary investments," so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. We may also invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. We had no temporary investments as of December 31, 2023. 
 Repurchase Agreements 
 A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our gross assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the diversification tests in order to qualify as a RIC. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. Our Investment Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. We had no repurchase agreements as of December 31, 2023. 
 Indebtedness and Senior Securities 
 We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our Units if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150.0 immediately after each such issuance (which means we can borrow 2 for every 1 of our equity). The 1940 Act currently requires an asset coverage of at least 150 . Although we intend to be generally be unlevered (as described further herein), our sole initial member approved the adoption of this 150 threshold pursuant to Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our unitholders or the repurchase of our Units unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5.0 of the value of our total assets for temporary purposes without regard to asset coverage. For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Fund-Level Borrowings in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j 1 under the 1940 Act (the "Code of Ethics") and the Investment Adviser has adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 204A 1 under the Advisers Act (the "Adviser's Code of Ethics"), each of which establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the Code of Ethics and/or the Adviser's Code of Ethics may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us so long as such investments are made in accordance with the applicable code's requirements. The Code of Ethics is available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov . 
 Compliance Policies and Procedures 
 We and the Investment Adviser have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the federal securities laws and we are required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation. Our chief compliance officer is responsible for administering these policies and procedures. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to the Investment Adviser. The proxy voting policies and procedures of the Investment Adviser are set forth below. The guidelines will be reviewed periodically by the Investment Adviser and our Independent Directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 Introduction 
 As an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act, the Investment Adviser has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, it recognizes that it must vote proxies related to our securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in our best interests. 
 The policies and procedures for voting proxies for the investment advisory clients of the Investment Adviser are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4) 6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 Proxy Policies 
 The Investment Adviser will vote proxies relating to our securities in our best interest. It will review on a case by case basis each proposal submitted for a unitholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by us. Although the Investment Adviser will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on its clients' portfolio securities, it may vote for such a proposal if there exists compelling long term reasons to do so. 
 The proxy voting decisions of the Investment Adviser are made by the senior officers who are responsible for monitoring each of its clients' investments. To ensure that its vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, it will require that: (a) anyone involved in the decision-making process disclose to its chief compliance officer any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (b) employees involved in the decision-making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how the Investment Adviser intends to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
 Proxy Voting Records 
 You may obtain, without charge, information regarding how we voted proxies with respect to our portfolio securities by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Chief Compliance Officer, 1633 Broadway, 48th Floor, New York, New York 10019. 
 Staffing 
 We do not have any employees. Our day to day investment operations are managed by the Investment Adviser and the Administrator. See " Investment Management Agreement" and " Administration Agreement " in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We reimburse the Administrator for the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations to us under the Administration Agreement, including the compensation of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer, and their respective staffs. For a more detailed discussion of the Administration Agreement, see Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 5. Agreements and Related Parties in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 We are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the "JOBS Act") and we are eligible to take advantage of certain specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise generally applicable to public companies that are not "emerging growth companies" including, but not limited to, reduced executive compensation disclosure requirements and not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act. Although we have not made a determination whether to take advantage of any or all of these exemptions, we expect to remain an emerging growth company for up to five years following the completion of any initial public offering by us or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed 1.235 billion, (ii) December 31 of the fiscal year that we become a "large accelerated filer" as defined in Rule 12b 2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), which would occur if the market value of our Units that are held by non affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter and we have been publicly reporting for at least 12 calendar months, or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non convertible debt securities during the preceding three year period. There is currently no public market for our Units and one is not expected to develop. In addition, we may take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act imposes a variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example: 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer are required to certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 
 pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports are required to disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, beginning for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, our management will be required to prepare a report regarding their assessment of their respective internal control over financial reporting; and 
 pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our periodic reports are required to disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of the evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We intend to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 
 Reporting Obligations 
 In order to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act, we are required to register a class of equity securities under the Exchange Act. As a result, we have filed a Registration Statement for our Units with the SEC under the Exchange Act. We are required to file annual reports, quarterly reports and current reports with the SEC. This information is available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov . 
 In addition to the above regulatory filings, we shall provide each unitholder with such additional information as it may reasonably request from time to time in connection with such unitholder's ongoing financial and operational due diligence. 
 Available Information 
 We file or submit to the SEC annual, quarterly and current periodic reports, proxy statements and other information as required by the 1940 Act. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information filed electronically by us with the SEC at www.sec.gov . 
 We make available free of charge our reports, proxies and information statements and other information as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish to, the SEC. Information contained on the SEC's website about us is not incorporated into this annual report and should not be considered to be a part of this annual report. 
 Privacy Notice 
 Your privacy is very important to us. Our Privacy Notice sets forth our policies with respect to non-public personal information about our unitholders and prospective and former unitholders. These policies apply to our unitholders and may be changed at any time, provided a notice of such change is given to you. This notice supersedes any other privacy notice you may have received from us. 
 We will safeguard, according to strict standards of security and confidentiality, all information we receive about you. The only information we collect from you is your name, address, number of units you hold and your social security number. This information is used only so that we can send you annual reports and other information about us, and send you proxy statements or other information required by law. 
 We do not share this information with any non-affiliated third party except as described below. 
 Authorized Employees of our Investment Adviser. It is our policy that only authorized employees of our investment adviser who need to know your personal information will have access to it. 
 Service Providers. We may disclose your personal information to companies that provide services on our behalf, such as recordkeeping, processing your trades, and mailing you information. These companies are required to protect your information and use it solely for the purpose for which they received it. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Courts and Government Officials. If required by law, we may disclose your personal information in accordance with a court order or at the request of government regulators. Only that information required by law, subpoena, or court order will be disclosed. 
 We seek to carefully safeguard your private information and, to that end, restrict access to non-public personal information about you to those employees and other persons who need to know the information to enable us to provide services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your non-public personal information. 
 If you have any questions regarding this policy or the treatment of your non-public personal information, please contact our chief compliance officer at (212) 655-0291. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 An investment in our securities involves certain risks relating to our structure and investment objective. The risks set forth below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may materially affect our business, our structure, our financial condition, our investments and/or operating results. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, the net asset value of our Units could decline. There can be no assurance that we will achieve our investment objective and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 CERTAIN GENERAL RISKS OF AN INVESTMENT IN OUR UNITS 
 No Assurance of Investment Return 
 Neither we nor the Investment Adviser or its respective affiliates can provide any assurance whatsoever that we will be successful in choosing, making and realizing investments in any particular portfolio company or portfolio companies. There is no assurance that we will be able to generate returns for our investors or that the returns will be commensurate with the risks of investing in the type of companies and transactions described herein. While we expect to make regular distributions of income, there can be no assurance that any unitholder will receive any distribution from us. Partial or complete sales, transfers or other dispositions of portfolio investments which may result in a return of capital or the realization of gains, if any, are generally not expected to occur for a number of years after an investment is made. Accordingly, an investment in us should only be considered by persons for whom a speculative, illiquid and long term investment is an appropriate component of a larger investment program and who can afford a loss of their entire investment. 
 Past performance of investment entities associated with New Mountain Capital and its affiliates is not necessarily indicative of future results. There can be no assurance that we will achieve comparable results or that our performance objectives will be achieved. In particular, we do not expect to replicate the historical performance of New Mountain Capital's investments, or those of certain affiliates that have also elected to be regulated as a BDC, including New Mountain Finance Corporation ("NMFC"), New Mountain Guardian III BDC, L.L.C., NMF SLF I, Inc., and New Mountain Guardian IV BDC, L.L.C. In addition, our investment strategies may differ from those of New Mountain Capital or its affiliates. We, as a BDC and as a RIC, are subject to certain regulatory restrictions that do not apply to New Mountain Capital or certain of its affiliates. 
 We are generally not permitted to invest in any portfolio company in which New Mountain Capital or any of its affiliates currently have an investment or to make any co investments with New Mountain Capital or its affiliates, except to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act, or pursuant to previously obtained exemptive orders. This may adversely affect the pace at which we make investments. 
 Above Average Degree of Risk 
 The investments we may make may result in a higher amount of risk, volatility or loss of principal than alternative investment options. These investments in portfolio companies may be highly speculative and aggressive, and therefore, an investment in our Units may not be suitable for investors with lower risk tolerance. 
 Role of New Mountain Capital and its Professionals; No Dedicated Investment Team 
 Our investors are placing their entire Capital Commitment in the exclusive discretion of, and are dependent upon the skill and experience of, New Mountain Capital and the Investment Adviser. Unitholders will be relying on the ability of the Investment Adviser to identify, structure and implement the investments to be made using the capital available to us. Unitholders have no rights or powers to take part in our management or making investment decisions and will not receive the amount of any portfolio company's financial information that is generally available to the Investment Adviser. The Investment Adviser, subject to the oversight of our Board, has sole and absolute discretion in identifying, structuring, negotiating, purchasing, financing and eventually divesting investments on our behalf (subject to specified exceptions). The Investment Adviser may be unable to find a sufficient number of attractive opportunities to meet our investment objectives. Our success will depend on the ability of the Investment Adviser to identify suitable portfolio investments, to negotiate and arrange the closing of appropriate transactions, and to arrange the timely disposition of portfolio investments. Our success will also depend in part upon the skill, expertise and ability of New Mountain Capital's investment professionals and, as more fully discussed below, the management of portfolio companies. The interests of these professionals in New Mountain Capital and the incentive fee should tend to discourage them from withdrawing from participation in our investment activities. However, there can be no assurance that such professionals will continue to be associated with New Mountain Capital or the Investment Adviser throughout our life and a loss of the services of key personnel could impair New Mountain Capital's ability to provide services to us. There is ever increasing competition among alternative asset managers, financial institutions, private investment firms, financial sponsors, investment managers and other industry participants for hiring and retaining qualified investment professionals. There can be no assurance that New Mountain Capital personnel or its senior advisors will not be solicited by and 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 join competitors or other firms and/or that New Mountain Capital will be able to hire and retain any new personnel or senior advisors that it seeks to maintain or add to its roster of investment professionals. 
 In addition, we do not have a dedicated investment team and will share personnel and other resources with New Mountain Capital's other funds and operations. New Mountain Capital personnel will devote such time to us as shall be reasonably necessary to conduct our business affairs in an appropriate manner. However, such personnel will work on and devote substantial time to other projects, including New Mountain Capital's existing funds, vehicles and accounts and their investments, and, therefore, conflicts exist in the allocation of management time, services and functions. We will have no interest in such other investments, funds, vehicles and accounts where team members spend time. While there are a substantial number of investment team members who will devote such time to us as shall be reasonably necessary as described above, certain of the New Mountain Capital personnel devote, and are required to continue to devote, a majority and primary amount of his or her business time to New Mountain Capital's other funds, their respective portfolio companies and matters relating thereto, which will necessarily limit the amount of time such personnel are able to dedicate to us. As a result, the Investment Adviser and its affiliates' ability to access professionals and resources within New Mountain Capital for our benefit as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will be limited. Such access may also be limited by the internal compliance policies of New Mountain Capital or other legal or business considerations, including those constraints generally discussed herein. 
 The Investment Adviser is managed by an Investment Committee, which oversees our investment activities. The Investment Committee currently consists of six members. The loss of any member of the Investment Committee or of other senior professionals of the Investment Adviser and its affiliates without suitable replacement could limit our ability to achieve our investment objective and operate as we anticipate. This could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. To achieve our investment objective, the Investment Adviser may hire, train, supervise and manage new investment professionals to participate in our investment selection and monitoring process. If the Investment Adviser is unable to find investment professionals or do so in a timely manner, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The Investment Management Agreement has been approved pursuant to Section 15 of the 1940 Act. In addition, the Investment Management Agreement has termination provisions that allow the parties to terminate the agreement. The Investment Management Agreement may be terminated at any time, without penalty, by the majority of our Board or by the unitholders holding a majority of outstanding voting Units, upon 60 days' notice. If the Investment Management Agreement is terminated, it may adversely affect the quality of our investment opportunities. In addition, in the event the Investment Management Agreement is terminated, it may be difficult for us to replace the Investment Adviser. Moreover, it may be an event of default under the terms of the subscription facility and/or other credit facilities for us, if the Investment Adviser or an affiliate of the Investment Adviser ceases to manage us, which could result in the immediate acceleration of the amounts due under our credit facilities. 
 Compensation Arrangements 
 The Investment Adviser and its affiliates receive substantial fees from us in return for their services, and these fees could influence the advice provided to us. We pay to the Investment Adviser an incentive fee that is based on the performance of our portfolio and an annual base management fee that is payable quarterly in arrears at an annual rate based on Managed Capital as of the last day of the applicable quarter. Because the incentive fee is based on the performance of our portfolio, the Investment Adviser may be incentivized to make investments on our behalf that are riskier or more speculative than would be the case in the absence of such compensation arrangement. In addition, because the base management fee is based on the Managed Capital as of the last day of the applicable quarter, which includes any outstanding borrowings under any subscription line drawn in lieu of capital calls, the Investment Adviser may be incentivized to recommend the issuance of additional equity to make additional investments and increase the Managed Capital as of the last day of the applicable quarter. Moreover, the Investment Adviser's clawback obligation may create an incentive for the Investment Adviser to delay our liquidation where a clawback obligation would be owed. Our compensation arrangements could therefore result in us making riskier or more speculative investments than would otherwise be the case. This could result in higher investment losses, particularly during cyclical economic downturns. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Potential Conflicts of Interest in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our Investment Management Agreement entitles the Investment Adviser to receive an incentive fee based on Pre Incentive Fee Net Investment Income regardless of any capital losses. In such case, we may be required to pay the Investment Adviser incentive compensation for a fiscal quarter even if there is a decline in the value of our portfolio or if we incur a net loss for that quarter. However, the Investment Adviser will be required to return incentive fees to us as part of the Investment Adviser's clawback obligation under the Investment Management Agreement. 
 In addition, any Pre Incentive Fee Net Investment Income may be computed and paid on income that may include interest that has been accrued but not yet received. If a portfolio company defaults on a loan that is structured to provide accrued interest, it is possible that accrued interest previously included in the calculation of the incentive fee will become 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 uncollectible. The Investment Adviser is not obligated to reimburse us for any part of the incentive fee it received that was based on accrued income that we never received as a result of a default by an entity on the obligation that resulted in the accrual of such income, and such circumstances would result in us paying an incentive fee on income we never received. 
 Indemnification 
 We will be required to indemnify any person who has served as our director, officer or employee, the Investment Adviser and each of their respective affiliates and related parties, and each person serving, or who has served, as a member of New Mountain Capital's Executive Advisory Council or the advisory committee (collectively, the "Covered Persons") for liabilities incurred in connection with our affairs. Such liabilities may be material and have an adverse effect on the returns to unitholders. For example, in their capacity as directors of portfolio companies, the members, managers or affiliates of New Mountain Capital may be subject to derivative or other similar claims brought by stockholders of such companies. The indemnification obligation (including the advancement of expenses in connection therewith) would be payable from our assets, including the unfunded Capital Commitments of unitholders. Furthermore, as a result of the provisions contained in our A R LLC Agreement, unitholders may have a more limited right of action in certain cases than it would in the absence of such limitations. For example, Covered Persons will not owe a duty of care equivalent to a "negligence" standard, but rather the A R LLC Agreement provides that the Covered Persons will not be liable unless they act with "gross negligence." Further, members of the advisory committee will not be held to a "gross negligence" standard, but will only be liable for fraud, bad faith, or willful misconduct. In addition, under the A R LLC Agreement, we are required to advance the costs and expenses of an indemnitee pending the outcome of the particular matter (including determinations as to whether or not the person was entitled to indemnification or engaged in conduct that negated such person's entitlement to indemnification), and as such, there may be periods where we are advancing expenses to an individual or entity with whom we are not aligned or is otherwise an adverse party in a dispute. 
 Limited Recourse 
 Subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, the Investment Management Agreement and Administration Agreement each include exculpation, indemnification and other provisions that will limit the circumstances under which the Investment Adviser and the Administrator, respectively, can be held liable to us. In addition, investors should note that the A R LLC Agreement contains provisions that, subject to applicable law, reduce or eliminate the liability of Covered Persons and limit remedies of the unitholders. Additionally, certain service providers to us, the Investment Adviser, the Administrator, their respective affiliates and other persons, including, without limitation, the members of the advisory committee, may be entitled to exculpation and indemnification. As a result, the unitholders may have a more limited right of action in certain cases than they would in the absence of such limitations. 
 Limited Operating History 
 We and certain other affiliated entities have very limited operations and therefore have limited meaningful operating history upon which an investor may evaluate their performance. Moreover, New Mountain Capital has limited history in sponsoring or managing a private BDC pursuing the same investment objective and strategy as us. The prior investment performance described herein (in which we will not participate), as with all performance data, can provide no assurance of our future results. The investment performance of the previous credit funds managed by New Mountain Capital contained herein were achieved under different market conditions and with involvement from investment professionals that may not be involved with our investment activities. Moreover, we are subject to all of the business risks and uncertainties associated with any new fund, including the risk that it will not achieve our investment objective and that the value of one of our Units could decline substantially. The past performance of New Mountain Capital or the Investment Adviser's investment professionals is not a reliable indicator of our future performance. Accordingly, investors should draw no conclusions from the performance of any previous credit platform vehicles and should not expect to achieve similar results. 
 The Investment Adviser manages four other companies, other than us, that are regulated as BDCs and RICs. The 1940 Act and the Code impose numerous constraints on the operations of BDCs and RICs that do not apply to the other investment vehicles previously managed by the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser. For example, under the 1940 Act, BDCs are required to invest at least 70 of their total assets primarily in qualifying assets such as U.S. private or thinly traded companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and other high quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. Moreover, qualification for taxation as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code requires satisfaction of source of income, asset diversification and annual distribution requirements. The failure to comply with these provisions in a timely manner could prevent us from qualifying as a BDC or as a RIC and could force us to pay unexpected taxes and penalties, which would have a material adverse effect on our performance. If we fail to maintain our status as a BDC or qualify as a RIC, our operating flexibility could be significantly reduced. 
 The Investment Adviser depends on its broader organization's relationships with private equity sponsors, investment banks and commercial banks, and we rely to a significant extent upon these relationships to provide us with potential investment opportunities. If the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser fail to maintain existing relationships or 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 develop new relationships with other sponsors or sources of investment opportunities, we may not be able to grow our investment portfolio. In addition, individuals with whom the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser have relationships are not obligated to provide us with investment opportunities, and, therefore, there is no assurance that any relationships they currently or may in the future have will generate investment opportunities for us. 
 We anticipate that our investment strategy may include both primary originations and secondary market purchases. While loans that we originate and loans we purchase in the secondary market face many of the same risks associated with the financing of leveraged companies, we may be exposed to different risks depending on specific business considerations for secondary market purchases or origination of loans. Primary originations require substantially more time and resources for sourcing, diligencing and monitoring investments, which may consume a significant portion of our resources. Further, the valuation process for primary originations may be more cumbersome and uncertain due to the lack of comparable market quotes for the investment and would likely require more frequent review by an independent valuation firm. This may result in greater costs for us and fluctuations in the quarterly valuations of investments that are primary originations. As a result, this strategy may result in different returns from these investments than the types of returns experienced from secondary market purchases of debt securities and may result in the partial or complete loss of your investment. 
 Misconduct of Employees and of Third Party Service Providers 
 Misconduct by employees of the Investment Adviser or by third party service providers could cause significant losses to us. Our Board has determined that the compliance policies and procedures of the Investment Adviser and other service providers are reasonably designed to prevent violations of securities laws, but there is no assurance that these policies will prevent violations or other activities that could harm us. Employee misconduct may include binding us to transactions that exceed authorized limits or present unacceptable risks and other unauthorized activities, or concealing unsuccessful trading investments (which, in either case, may result in unknown and unmanaged risks or losses). Losses could also result from actions by third party service providers, including, without limitation, failing to recognize trades, misappropriating assets or a failure of a custodian that holds our securities. In addition, employees and third party service providers may improperly use or disclose confidential information, which could result in litigation or serious financial harm, including limiting our business prospects or future marketing activities. It is not always possible to deter misconduct by employees or service providers, and the precautions the Investment Adviser takes to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. No assurances can be given that the due diligence performed by the Investment Adviser will identify or prevent any such misconduct. 
 Risk of Geopolitical Unrest, Terrorist Attacks, or Acts of War 
 The continued threat of global terrorism and the impact of military and other action will likely continue to cause volatility in the economies of certain countries and various aspects thereof, including in prices of commodities, and could affect our financial results. Our portfolio investments may involve significant strategic assets having a national or regional profile. The nature of these assets could expose them to a greater risk of being the subject of a terrorist attack than other assets or businesses. Any terrorist attacks that occur at or near such assets would likely cause significant harm to employees, property and, potentially, the surrounding community, and may result in losses far in excess of available insurance coverage. As a result of global events and continued terrorism concerns, insurers significantly reduced the amount of insurance coverage available for liability to persons other than employees for claims resulting from acts of terrorism, war or similar events. As a result of a terrorist attack or terrorist activities in general, we may not be able to obtain insurance coverage and other endorsements at commercially reasonable prices or at all. 
 In addition, various social and political circumstances in the United States and around the world (including wars and other forms of conflict, terrorist acts, security operations and catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes and global health epidemics), may also contribute to increased market volatility and economic uncertainties. Such events, including rising trade tensions between the United States and China; other uncertainties regarding actual and potential shifts in U.S. and foreign, trade, economic and other policies with other countries; the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine; and ongoing conflict in the Middle East, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In response to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the United States and other countries have imposed sanctions or other restrictive actions against Russia. Any of the above factors, including sanctions, export controls, tariffs, trade wars and other governmental actions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 CERTAIN RISKS RELATING TO PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS 
 Operating and Financial Risks of Portfolio Companies 
 Companies in which we invest could deteriorate as a result of, among other factors, an adverse development in their business, a change in the competitive environment or an economic downturn. As a result, companies which we expect to be stable may operate, or expect to operate, at a loss or have significant variations in operating results, may require substantial additional capital to support their operations or to maintain their competitive position, or may otherwise have a weak financial 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 condition or be experiencing financial distress. In some cases, the success of our investment strategy will depend, in part, on the ability to restructure and effect improvements in the operations of a portfolio company. The activity of identifying and implementing restructuring programs and operating improvements at portfolio companies entails a high degree of uncertainty. There can be no assurance that any person (including us) will be able to successfully identify and implement such restructuring programs and improvements. 
 Although New Mountain Capital's investment strategy includes a focus on tight control of risk, there can be no assurance that the various risks of an investment will be successfully controlled or that losses can be avoided. There can be no assurance that New Mountain Capital s methods of seeking to minimize risks will accurately address future risk exposures. Risk management techniques are based in part on the observation of historical market behavior, which may not predict market divergences that are larger than historical indicators. Also, information used to manage risks may not be accurate, complete or current, and such information may be misinterpreted. In certain situations New Mountain may be unable to, or may choose not to, implement risk management strategies because of the costs involved or other relevant circumstances or business judgments, and even if risk management strategies are utilized, such strategies cannot fully insulate the Fund from the risks inherent in its planned activities. No risk management system is fail-safe. 
 Investments in small and middle market businesses are highly speculative and involve a high degree of risk of credit loss. These risks are likely to increase during volatile economic periods, such as those the United States and many other economies have recently experienced. Among other things, these companies: 
 may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their debt instruments that we hold, which may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood that we realize any guarantees from subsidiaries or affiliates of our portfolio companies that we may have obtained in connection with our investment, as well as a corresponding decrease in the value of any equity components of our investments; 
 may have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines, smaller market shares and/or more significant customer concentrations than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors' actions and market conditions, as well as general economic downturns; 
 are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons; therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on our portfolio company and, in turn, on us; 
 generally have less predictable operating results, may from time to time be parties to litigation and/or, may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence; 
 may be targets of cybersecurity or other technological risks; 
 may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position; and 
 generally have less publicly available information about their businesses, operations and financial condition. 
 In addition, in the course of providing significant managerial assistance to certain of our eligible portfolio companies, certain of our officers and directors may serve as directors on the boards of such companies. To the extent that litigation arises out of our investments in these companies, our officers and directors may be named as defendants in such litigation, which could result in an expenditure of funds (through our indemnification of such officers and directors) and the diversion of management time and resources. 
 Investments in Highly Leveraged Companies 
 Our investments may include companies whose capital structures may have significant leverage. Such investments also involve a higher degree of risk and increase the investment's exposure to adverse economic factors such as rising interest rates, downturns in the economy or deteriorations in the markets generally. Moreover, any rise in interest rates may significantly increase the interest expense related to a portfolio investment, causing losses and/or the inability to meet debt obligations and covenants. Our investments may involve varying degrees of leverage, which could magnify the impact of circumstances such as unfavorable market or economic conditions, operating problems and other general business and economic risks and/or changes that affect the relevant portfolio company or its industry, resulting in a more pronounced effect of such circumstances on the profitability or prospects of such companies. In using leverage, these companies may be subject to terms and conditions that include restrictive financial and operating covenants, which may impair their ability to finance or otherwise pursue their future operations or otherwise satisfy additional capital needs and may limit such company's flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions. If a portfolio company cannot generate adequate cash flow to meet its debt obligations (including obligations to us), we may suffer a partial or total loss of capital invested in the portfolio company. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Defaults 
 A portfolio company's failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, termination of its loans and foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross defaults under other agreements and jeopardize a portfolio company's ability to meet its obligations under the debt and/or equity securities that we hold. 
 We may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms, which may include the waiver of certain financial covenants, with a defaulting portfolio company. In addition, lenders in certain cases can be subject to lender liability claims for actions taken by them when they become too involved in the borrower's business or exercise control over a borrower. It is possible that we could become subject to a lender's liability claim, including as a result of actions taken if we render significant managerial assistance to the borrower. Furthermore, if one of our portfolio companies were to file for bankruptcy protection, even though we may have structured our investment as senior secured debt, depending on the facts and circumstances, including the extent to which we provided managerial assistance to that portfolio company, a bankruptcy court might re characterize our debt holding and subordinate all or a portion of our claim to claims of other creditors. 
 Unfunded Debt Commitments and Follow On Investments 
 We may not have the funds or ability to make additional investments in our portfolio companies or to fund our unfunded debt commitments. We expect that certain of our investments will take the form of unfunded commitments that we will be contractually obligated to fund on the demand of a borrower or other counterparty. We will not be able to control when, or if, these unfunded debt commitments are funded. Following an initial investment in a portfolio company, we may make additional investments in that portfolio company as "follow on" investments, in order to, among other things, (i) increase or maintain in whole or in part our position as a creditor or equity ownership percentage, (ii) exercise warrants, options or convertible securities that were acquired in the original or subsequent financing, or (iii) preserve or enhance the value of our initial and overall investment. We may elect not to make follow on investments or may otherwise lack sufficient funds to make these investments. We have the discretion to make follow on investments, subject to the availability of capital resources, and the limitations of the 1940 Act. If we fail to make follow on investments, the continued viability of a portfolio company and our initial investment, or may, in some circumstances, result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our participation in a successful operation and our expected return on the investment may be reduced. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a desired follow on investment, we may elect not to make a follow on investment because of regulatory, tax, diversification or asset profiles or we may not want to increase our concentration of risk, either because we prefer other opportunities or because we are subject to BDC requirements that would prevent such follow on investments or such follow on investments would adversely impact our ability to qualify for or maintain our RIC tax treatment. 
 Portfolio Companies' Other Debts 
 Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies. 
 We can invest in portfolio companies at all levels of the capital structure. Our portfolio companies may have, or may be permitted to incur, other debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, the debt in which we invest. By their terms, these debt instruments may entitle the holders to receive payment of interest or principal on or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments with respect to the debt instruments in which we invest. In addition, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a portfolio company, holders of debt instruments ranking senior to our investment in that portfolio company would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any distribution. After repaying the senior creditors, the portfolio company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying its obligation to us. In the case of debt ranking equally with debt instruments in which we invest, we would have to share on an equal basis any distributions with other creditors holding such debt in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of the relevant portfolio company. 
 Prepayments 
 We are subject to the risk that the investments we make in our portfolio companies may be repaid prior to maturity. When this occurs, subject to qualification for or maintenance of our RIC tax treatment, we will generally use these proceeds to pay down our credit facilities and later draw additional amounts under our credit facilities to fund new portfolio investments. Any future investment in a new portfolio company may also be at lower yields than the debt that was repaid. As a result, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected if one or more of our portfolio companies elect to prepay amounts owed to us. Additionally, prepayments could negatively impact our return on equity. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Fund Level Borrowings 
 Subject to the limitations set forth in the A R LLC Agreement and in accordance with the 1940 Act, we may, at any time before or after the end of the Investment Period, borrow funds to fulfill the working capital needs of the Fund, including, without limitation, to (i) cover organizational and offering expenses and fund expenses, (ii) fund existing commitments such as revolving credit facilities, bridge financing commitments, delayed draw commitments or other commitments that can result in providing future financing to portfolio companies or; (iii) make repurchases of Units, and may, to the extent consistent with RIC requirements, withhold from distributions amounts necessary to repay such borrowings. The interest expense and other costs incurred in connection with such borrowings may not be recovered by income from investments purchased by us. If investment results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the value of the portfolio held by us will decrease faster than if there had been no such borrowings. Additionally, if the investments fail to perform to expectation, the interests of our unitholders will be subordinated to such leverage, which will compound any such adverse consequences. In connection with one or more credit facilities entered into by us, distributions to the unitholders may be subordinated to payments required in connection with any indebtedness contemplated thereby. Certain borrowings may be secured by assignment of the obligations of the unitholders to make capital contributions to us and a security interest in investments. Any default by us under such a credit facility could enable a lender to enforce remedies under the credit agreement and exercise capital call rights against any unitholder to the extent of its then remaining undrawn commitments. Additionally, in the event of a failure to pay or other event of default under any such credit facility, the lenders could require investors to fund their entire remaining unfunded commitments in accordance with the A R LLC Agreement. The terms of the credit facility may limit the unitholders' ability to use their interests in us as collateral for other indebtedness. If we default on secured indebtedness, the lender may foreclose on the applicable security and we could lose our entire investment in the security for such loan. A credit facility at the fund level may also place restrictions on payments to equity holders, including prohibitions on payments in the event of any actual or potential default (or continuance thereof) under such credit facility. The exercise by the lender of a drawdown right under a subscription credit facility would reduce the amount of capital otherwise available to us for making portfolio investments and may negatively impact our ability to make portfolio investments or achieve our investment objectives. Unitholders may be required to execute an investor acknowledgement for the benefit of a lender under the subscription credit facility and may be required to acknowledge their obligations to pay their share of indebtedness up to their undrawn capital commitment. 
 The Investment Adviser may, and intends to, fulfill other capital needs with proceeds from drawdowns under one or more revolving credit facilities (the collateral for which can be, for example, one or more of our assets, i.e., asset backed facilities, or the undrawn capital commitments of investors, i.e., subscription lines) after calling for capital contributions. Capital calls, including those used to pay interest on subscription lines, asset back facilities and other indebtedness, may from time to time be "batched" together into larger, less frequent capital calls or closings, with our interim capital needs being satisfied by us borrowing money from such credit facilities. The interest expense and other costs of any such borrowings will be fund expenses and, accordingly, decrease our net returns. We would generally intend to repay all of our borrowings within one year after incurrence. 
 Leverage arrangements ("Leverage Arrangements") into which we may enter may include covenants that, subject to exceptions, restrict our ability to pay distributions, create liens on assets, make investments, make acquisitions and engage in mergers or consolidations. Such Leverage Arrangements may also include a change of control provision that accelerates the indebtedness under the facility in the event of certain change of control events. Complying with these restrictions may prevent us from taking actions that we believe would help us grow our business or are otherwise consistent with our investment objective. These restrictions could also limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions or meet extraordinary capital needs or otherwise restrict corporate activities. In addition, the restrictions contained in a credit facility could limit our ability to make distributions to our unitholders in certain circumstances, which could result in us failing to qualify as a RIC and thus becoming subject to U.S. federal income tax (and any applicable state and local taxes). 
 The 1940 Act, as amended by the Small Business Credit Availability Act, permits a BDC to reduce the required minimum asset coverage ratio applicable to it from 200.0 to 150.0 (which means we can borrow 2 for every 1 of our equity), subject to certain requirements described therein. Although we are generally unlevered (as described further herein), we have elected to be subject to the reduced asset coverage ratio of 150 in order to maintain maximum flexibility. 
 "Covenant Lite" Loans 
 Some of our debt investments may have less restrictive covenant terms that provide us with fewer protections, called "covenant-lite" loans, that generally provide for fewer financial covenants on the borrowers. In particular, borrowers under such covenant-lite loans may have greater flexibility in how they manage their financial condition. As a result, we may face challenges in recovering on such covenant-lite loans, to the extent they go into distress, and may lack options that would normally be available to us as a lender under more traditional debt structures. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Broad Investment Mandate; Unspecified Investments 
 A purchaser of the Units must rely upon the ability of the Investment Adviser to identify, structure and implement portfolio investments consistent with our investment objectives and policies. The Investment Adviser may be unable to find a sufficient number of attractive opportunities to meet our investment objectives. Our success will depend on the ability of the Investment Adviser to identify suitable portfolio investments, to negotiate and arrange the closing of appropriate transactions, and to arrange the timely disposition of portfolio investments. 
 Our Board has the authority, except as otherwise provided in the 1940 Act, to modify or waive certain of our operating policies and strategies without prior notice and without unitholder approval. As a result, our Board may be able to change our investment policies and objectives without any input from the unitholders. However, absent unitholder approval, we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current operating policies and strategies could have on our business and operating results. Nevertheless, any such changes could adversely affect our business and impair our ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 Risk of Limited Number of Investments; Dependence on Performance of Certain Investments 
 We may participate in a limited number of portfolio investments and, as a consequence, our aggregate return may be substantially adversely affected by the unfavorable performance of even a single portfolio investment. Moreover, there are no assurances that all of our portfolio investments will perform well or even return capital. Therefore, if certain portfolio investments perform unfavorably, for us to achieve above average returns, one or a few of our portfolio investments must perform well. There can be no assurance that this will be the case. In addition, other than us seeking to meet the diversification requirements by virtue of our intention to be a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, investors have no assurance as to the degree of diversification of our portfolio investments, either by geographic region, industry or transaction type. To the extent we concentrate portfolio investments in a particular issuer, industry, sub sector, security, investment type, or geographic region, we will become more susceptible to fluctuations in value resulting from adverse economic and business conditions with respect thereto. In addition, certain geographic regions, industries and/or sub sectors may be more adversely affected from economic pressures when compared to other geographic regions, industries or sub sectors. 
 A high concentration of our portfolio companies in a particular geographic area magnifies the effects of downturns in that geographic area and could have a disproportionate adverse effect on the value of our investments. If we have a concentration of portfolio companies in any particular geographic area, any adverse situation that disproportionately affects that geographic area would have a magnified adverse effect on our portfolio. Factors that may negatively affect economic conditions in these states or countries include: business layoffs, downsizing or relocations, industry slowdowns, and changing demographics. 
 Influence over Management 
 Although we will primarily make debt and non control equity investments, we may make investments that allow us to exercise certain influence over management and the strategic direction of a portfolio company, subject to the restrictions under the 1940 Act. The exercise of influence over a company imposes additional risks of liability for environmental damage, product defects, failure to supervise management and other types of liability in which the limited liability characteristic of business operations may be ignored. The exercise of influence over an investment could expose our assets to claims by such portfolio companies, their stockholders and their creditors. While the Investment Adviser intends to manage us in a manner that will minimize the exposure of these risks, the possibility of successful claims cannot be precluded. 
 Illiquid and Long Term Investments 
 Investment in us requires a long term commitment with no certainty of return. Many of our portfolio investments will be highly illiquid, and we may not be able to realize on such portfolio investments in a timely manner. It is anticipated that there will be a significant period of time (up to six years) before we will have completed making investments in portfolio companies. Such portfolio investments are currently expected by New Mountain Capital to mature in approximately four to seven years (or longer) from the date of initial investment, although we expect many portfolio investments will be refinanced prior to their maturity. Although portfolio investments made by us are expected to generate current income, the return of capital and the realization of gains, if any, from a portfolio investment generally will occur only upon the partial or complete disposition or refinancing of such portfolio investment. While a portfolio investment may be sold or repaid at any time, it is not generally expected that this will occur for a number of years after the portfolio investment is made. Transaction structures typically will not provide for liquidity of our portfolio investments prior to that time. Often, there will be no readily available market for portfolio investments made by us, if at all. Disposition of such portfolio investments may require a lengthy time period. 
 In most cases, there will be no public market for the securities held by us at the time of their acquisition. We will generally not be able to sell the securities of portfolio companies through the public markets unless their sale is registered under applicable securities laws, or unless an exemption from such registration requirements is available. Additionally, there can be no assurances that investments can be sold on a private basis. Our ability to quickly sell or exchange any of our portfolio 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 companies in response to changes in economic and other conditions will be limited. In addition, in some cases we may be prohibited by contract or legal or regulatory reasons from selling certain securities or other instruments for a period of time (e.g., due to limitations on sale arising from contractual lockups, obligations to receive consent to transfer or assign interests, or rights of first offer), and as a result may not be permitted to sell a portfolio investment at a time we might otherwise desire to do so. To the extent that there is no trading market for a portfolio investment, we may be unable to liquidate that portfolio investment or may be unable to do so at a profit. Moreover, there can be no assurances that private purchasers of our portfolio investments will be found. 
 We may experience difficulty in the sale of a portfolio company interest and could be forced to sell at a price that reduces the return to our investors. Markets are affected by many factors that are out of our control, including the availability of financing, interest rates and other factors, as well as supply and demand. As a result, we cannot predict whether we will be able to sell our interest in a portfolio company or whether such sale could be made at a favorable price or on terms acceptable to us. Negative market conditions may cause us to sell interests for less than their carrying value, which could result in impairments. We also cannot predict the length of time which will be needed to obtain a purchaser or to complete the sale of any interest. No assurances can be given that we will recognize full value, at a price and at terms that are acceptable to us, for any interest that we are required to sell for liquidity reasons. Our inability to respond rapidly to changes in the performance of our investments could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Investments Longer Than Term 
 We may make portfolio investments which may not be advantageously disposed of prior to the date we will be dissolved, either by expiration of our term or otherwise. Although the Investment Adviser expects that most portfolio investments will be disposed of prior to dissolution, the Investment Adviser has a limited ability to extend our term and therefore we may have to sell, distribute or otherwise dispose of portfolio investments at a disadvantageous time as a result of dissolution. In addition, although upon our dissolution, the Investment Adviser (or the relevant liquidating trustee or other representative) will be required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to liquidate all of our assets in an orderly manner, there can be no assurances with respect to the time frame in which the winding up and the final distribution of proceeds to the unitholders will occur. In addition, the Investment Adviser may establish necessary reserves prior to distributing any gains, further elongating the period before the unitholders will likely receive distributions of disposition proceeds or current income. 
 Highly Competitive Market for Investment Opportunities 
 We compete for investments with other BDCs and investment funds (including private equity and hedge funds), as well as traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks and other sources of funding. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors have greater experience operating under, or are not subject to, the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC or the source-of-income, asset diversification and distribution requirements that we must satisfy to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC. These characteristics could allow our competitors to consider a wider variety of investments, establish more relationships and offer better pricing and more flexible structuring than we are able to do. 
 We may lose investment opportunities if our pricing, terms and structure do not match those of our competitors. With respect to the investments that we make, we do not seek to compete based primarily on the interest rates we may offer, and we believe that some of our competitors may make loans with interest rates that may be lower than the rates we offer. In the secondary market for acquiring existing loans, we expect to compete generally on the basis of pricing terms. If we match our competitors' pricing, terms and structure, we may experience decreased net interest income, lower yields and increased risk of credit loss. If we are forced to match our competitors' pricing, terms and structure, we may not be able to achieve acceptable returns on our investments or may bear substantial risk of capital loss. Part of our competitive advantage stems from the fact that we believe the market for middle market lending is underserved by traditional bank lenders and other financial sources. A significant increase in the number and/or the size of our competitors in this target market could force us to accept less attractive investment terms. We may also compete for investment opportunities with accounts managed by the Investment Adviser or its affiliates. Although the Investment Adviser allocates opportunities in accordance with its policies and procedures, allocations to such other accounts reduces the amount and frequency of opportunities available to us and may not be in our best interests and, consequently, our unitholders'. Moreover, the performance of investment opportunities is not known at the time of allocation. If we are not able to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Because of this competition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify and take advantage of attractive investment opportunities that we identify or that we will be able to fully invest our available capital. 
 We cannot assure investors that we will be able to locate a sufficient number of suitable investment opportunities to allow us to deploy all Capital Commitments successfully. In addition, privately negotiated investments in loans and illiquid securities of private middle market companies require substantial due diligence and structuring, and we cannot assure investors 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 that we will achieve our anticipated investment pace. As a result, investors will be unable to evaluate any future portfolio company investments prior to purchasing Units. These factors increase the uncertainty, and thus the risk, of investing in our Units. To the extent we are unable to deploy all Capital Commitments, our investment income and, in turn, our results of operations, will likely be materially adversely affected. There is no assurance that we will be able to consummate investment transactions or that such transactions will be successful. 
 Managing Future Growth 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objective and to grow depends on the Investment Adviser's ability to identify, invest in and monitor companies that meet our investment criteria. Accomplishing this result on a cost-effective basis is largely a function of the Investment Adviser's structuring of the investment process, its ability to provide competent, attentive and efficient services to us and its ability to access financing on acceptable terms. The Investment Adviser has substantial responsibilities under the Investment Management Agreement and may also be called upon to provide managerial assistance to our eligible portfolio companies. These demands on the time of the Investment Adviser and its investment professionals may distract them or slow our rate of investment. In order to grow, we and the Investment Adviser may need to retain, train, supervise and manage new investment professionals. However, these investment professionals may not be able to contribute effectively to the work of the Investment Adviser. If we are unable to manage our future growth effectively, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 Economic Recessions and Government Spending Cuts 
 Many of our portfolio companies may be susceptible to economic slowdowns or recessions and may be unable to repay their debt investments during these periods. Therefore, our non-performing assets are likely to increase, and the value of our portfolio is likely to decrease during these periods. Adverse economic conditions also may decrease the value of collateral securing some of our debt investments and the value of our equity investments. Economic slowdowns or recessions could lead to financial losses in our portfolio and a decrease in revenues, net income and assets. Unfavorable economic conditions also could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could prevent us from increasing investments and harm our operating results. 
 Portfolio Company Management 
 Each portfolio company's day to day operations are the responsibility of such portfolio company's management team. Although New Mountain Capital is responsible for monitoring the performance of each portfolio investment, there can be no assurance that the existing management team, or any successor thereto, will be able to successfully operate the portfolio company in accordance with our plans and objectives. The success of each portfolio company depends in substantial part upon the skill and expertise of each portfolio company's management team. Additionally, portfolio companies will need to attract, retain and develop executives and members of their management teams. The market for executive talent is, notwithstanding general unemployment levels or developments within a particular industry, extremely competitive. There can be no assurance that portfolio companies will be able to attract, develop, integrate and retain suitable members of its management team and, as a result, such investment and we may be adversely affected thereby. 
 Lack of Control of Portfolio Companies 
 Although we may take controlling positions in the portfolio companies from time to time, we generally do not control most of the portfolio companies, even though we may have board representation or board observation rights, and our debt agreements may contain certain restrictive covenants that limit the business and operations of the portfolio companies. As a result, we are subject to the risk that a portfolio company may make business decisions with which we disagree and the management of such company may take risks or otherwise act in ways that do not serve our interests as debt investors. Due to the lack of liquidity of the investments that we typically hold, we may not be able to dispose of our investments in the event that we disagree with the actions of a portfolio company as readily as we would otherwise like to or at favorable prices which could decrease the value of our investments. 
 Investment in Restructurings 
 We may, either alone or in conjunction with one or more partners or co venturers, make portfolio investments in restructurings, which involve portfolio companies that are experiencing or are expected to experience severe financial difficulties. These financial difficulties may never be overcome and may cause such companies to become subject to bankruptcy proceedings. Such portfolio investments could, in certain circumstances, subject us to certain additional potential liabilities, which may exceed the value of our original investment therein. For example, under certain circumstances, a lender who has inappropriately exercised control over the management and policies of a debtor may have its claims subordinated, or disallowed or may be found liable for damages suffered by parties as a result of such actions. In addition, under certain circumstances, payments to us and distributions by us to unitholders may be reclaimed if any such payment or distribution is later determined to have been a fraudulent conveyance, preferential payment or similar transaction under applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws. Furthermore, portfolio investments in restructurings may be adversely affected by statutes relating to, 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 among other things, fraudulent conveyances, voidable preferences, lender liability and a bankruptcy court's discretionary power to disallow, subordinate or disenfranchise particular claims or recharacterize portfolio investments made in the form of debt as equity contributions. These potential liabilities can adversely affect both the portfolio companies and their counterparties. 
 The success of our investment strategy may depend on our ability to restructure and effect improvements in the operations of a portfolio investment or expand the operations of a portfolio investment. The activity of identifying and implementing restructuring programs and operating improvements at portfolio investments entails a high degree of uncertainty. There can be no assurance that any person will be able to successfully identify and implement such restructuring programs and improvements or that we will have control or influence over such decisions. 
 Investments in Private and Less Established Companies; Risk of Fraud in Portfolio Companies 
 We invest primarily in privately held companies. There is generally little public information about these companies, and, as a result, we must rely on the ability of the Investment Adviser to obtain adequate information to evaluate the potential returns from, and risks related to, investing in these companies. If we are unable to uncover all material information about these companies, we may not make a fully informed investment decision, and we may lose money on our investments. Also, privately held companies frequently have less diverse product lines and smaller market presence than larger competitors. They are, thus, generally more vulnerable to economic downturns and may experience substantial variations in operating results. These factors could adversely affect our investment returns. 
 Although we generally seek to invest in established companies with sound historical financial performance, we may also invest a portion of our assets in the securities of less established companies, or early stage companies. Portfolio investments in such early stage companies may involve greater risks than generally are associated with investments in more established companies. To the extent there is any public market for the securities held by us, such securities may be subject to more abrupt and erratic market price movements than those of larger, more established companies. Less established companies tend to have lower capitalizations and fewer resources and, therefore, often are more vulnerable to financial failure. Such companies also may have shorter operating histories on which to judge future performance and in many cases, if operating, will have negative cash flow. In addition, less mature companies could be deemed to be more susceptible to irregular accounting or other fraudulent practices. In the event of fraud by any company in which we invest, we may suffer a partial or total loss of capital invested in that company. The foregoing factors may increase the difficulty of valuing such investments. There can be no assurance that any such losses will be offset by gains (if any) realized on our other portfolio investments, and any such portfolio investment should be considered highly speculative and may result in the loss of our entire investment therein. 
 We may invest in portfolio companies that may (i) have an unfavorable financial history, (ii) be operating at a loss or have significant fluctuations in operating results, (iii) be engaged in rapidly changing business environments, or (iv) need substantial additional capital to set up internal infrastructure, hire management and personnel, support expansion or achieve or maintain a competitive position. Such portfolio companies may have a greater variability of returns, and a higher risk of failure, than more established companies. Such companies also may face intense competition, including competition from companies with greater financial resources, more extensive development, manufacturing, marketing and service capabilities, and a larger number of qualified managerial and technical personnel. 
 Risks of Technology Related Investments 
 We may invest in companies in rapidly changing fields, which may rely on the use of proprietary technology and be materially impacted by technological changes. Technological advancement is characterized by rapid change, evidenced by rapidly changing market conditions and participants, new competing products and improvements in existing products. Accordingly, companies relying on such technology may face special risks of product obsolescence. There can be no assurance that products sold by portfolio companies will not be rendered obsolete or adversely affected by competing products or that portfolio companies will not be adversely affected by other challenges inherent in businesses that may be significantly impacted by technological change, including a failure to successfully protect and enforce intellectual property and other rights, or failure to successfully implement and market new technology or proprietary systems. 
 Non U.S. Investments 
 We may invest a portion of our aggregate Capital Commitments outside of the United States. Non U.S. investments involve certain factors not typically associated with investing in the United States, including risks relating to (i) currency exchange matters, including fluctuations in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and the various foreign currencies in which our foreign portfolio investments are denominated, and costs associated with conversion of investment principal and income from one currency into another; (ii) differences between the U.S. and foreign securities markets, including potential price volatility in and relative liquidity of some foreign securities markets, the absence of uniform accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards, practices and disclosure requirements and less government supervision and regulation; (iii) certain economic, social and political risks, including potential exchange control regulations and restrictions on foreign investment and repatriation of capital, the risks of political, economic or social instability and the possibility of expropriation or confiscatory 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 taxation, nationalization of business enterprises, and adverse economic and political development; (iv) the possible imposition of foreign taxes on income recognized with respect to such securities; (v) less developed laws regarding corporate governance, creditors' rights, fiduciary duties and the protection of investors; (vi) differences in the legal and regulatory environment or enhanced legal and regulatory compliance; (vii) political hostility to investments by foreign or private credit investors; and (viii) less publicly available information. Such instability could result from, among other things, popular unrest associated with demands for improved political, economic and social conditions and popular unrest in opposition to government policies that facilitate direct foreign investment. Governments of certain of these countries have exercised and continue to exercise substantial influence over many aspects of the private sector. We generally do not intend to obtain political risk insurance. Accordingly, government actions in the future could have a significant effect on economic conditions in such countries, which could affect private sector companies and the return from investments. Exchange control regulations, expropriation, confiscatory taxation, nationalization, restrictions on repatriation of capital, renunciation of foreign debt, political, economic or social instability or other economic or political developments could adversely affect our portfolio companies holding assets or engaged in business in a particular country. 
 In addition, portfolio companies located in non U.S. jurisdictions may be involved in restructurings, bankruptcy proceedings and/or reorganizations that are not subject to laws and regulations that are similar to the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and the rights of creditors afforded in U.S. jurisdictions. To the extent such non U.S. laws and regulations do not provide us with equivalent rights and privileges necessary to promote and protect our interest in any such proceeding, our investments in any such portfolio company may be adversely affected. While the Investment Adviser intends, where appropriate, to manage us in a manner that will minimize exposure to the foregoing risks, to the extent practicable, there can be no assurance that adverse developments with respect to such risks will not adversely affect our assets that are held in certain countries. 
 Hedging Policies/Risks 
 In connection with certain portfolio investments, we may employ hedging techniques designed to reduce the risk of adverse movements in interest rates, securities prices and currency exchange rates to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. While such transactions may reduce certain risks, such transactions themselves may entail certain other risks. Thus, while we may benefit from the use of these hedging mechanisms, unanticipated changes in commodity prices, interest rates, securities prices, currency exchange rates and/or other events relating to such hedging transactions may result in a poorer overall performance for us than if it had not entered into such hedging transactions. The Investment Adviser may not hedge against a particular risk because it does not regard the probability of the risk occurring to be sufficiently high as to justify the cost of the hedge, or because it does not foresee the occurrence of the risk. The successful utilization of hedging and risk management transactions requires skills that are separate from the skills used in selecting and monitoring investments. Costs related to hedging arrangements may be borne by us. 
 Hedging; Derivative Instruments 
 In 2020, the SEC adopted Rule 18f-4 under the 1940 Act, which relates to the use of derivatives and other transactions that create future payment or delivery obligations by BDCs (and other funds that are registered investment companies). Under Rule 18f-4, for which compliance was required beginning in August 2022, BDCs that use derivatives are subject to a value-at-risk leverage limit, certain derivatives risk management program and testing requirements and requirements related to board reporting. These requirements apply unless the BDC qualifies as a "limited derivatives user", as defined in Rule 18f-4. A BDC that enters into reverse repurchase agreements or similar financing transactions could either (i) comply with the asset coverage requirements of Section 18, as modified by Section 61 of the 1940 Act, when engaging in reverse repurchase agreements or (ii) choose to treat such agreements as derivatives transactions under Rule 18f-4. In addition, under Rule 18f-4, a BDC may enter into an unfunded commitment agreement that is not a derivatives transaction, such as an agreement to provide financing to a portfolio company, if the BDC has a reasonable belief, at the time it enters into such an agreement, that it will have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to meet its obligations with respect to all of its unfunded commitment agreements, in each case as it becomes due. If the BDC cannot meet this requirement, it is required to treat the unfunded commitment as a derivatives transaction subject to the aforementioned requirements of Rule 18f-4. Collectively, these requirements may limit our ability to use derivatives and/or enter into certain other financial contracts. We qualify as a limited derivatives user, and as a result the requirements applicable to us under Rule 18f-4 may limit our ability to use derivatives and enter into certain other financial contracts. However, if we fail to qualify as a limited derivatives user and become subject to the additional requirements under Rule 18f-4, compliance with such requirements may increase cost of doing business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 Debt and Mezzanine Investments 
 Our investments are almost entirely rated below investment grade or may be unrated, which are often referred to as "leveraged loans", "high yield" or "junk" securities, and may be considered "high risk" compared to debt instruments that are rated investment grade. High yield securities are regarded as having predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer's capacity to pay interest and repay principal in accordance with the terms of the obligations and involve major risk exposure to adverse conditions. In addition, high yield securities generally offer a higher current yield than that available from 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 higher grade issues, but typically involve greater risk. These securities are especially sensitive to adverse changes in general economic conditions, to changes in the financial condition of their issuers and to price fluctuation in response to changes in interest rates. During periods of economic downturn or rising interest rates, issuers of below investment grade instruments may experience financial stress that could adversely affect their ability to make payments of principal and interest and increase the possibility of default. 
 Certain debt investments that we make to portfolio companies may be secured on a second priority basis by the same collateral securing first priority debt of such companies. The first priority liens on the collateral will secure the portfolio company's obligations under any outstanding senior debt and may secure certain other future debt that may be permitted to be incurred by the company under the agreements governing the loans. The holders of obligations secured by the first priority liens on the collateral will generally control the liquidation of and be entitled to receive proceeds from any realization of the collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of the collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from the sale or sales of all of the collateral would be sufficient to satisfy the debt obligations secured by the second priority liens after payment in full of all obligations secured by the first priority liens on the collateral. If such proceeds are not sufficient to repay amounts outstanding under the debt obligations secured by the second priority liens, then we, to the extent not repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the collateral, will only have an unsecured claim against the company's remaining assets, if any. 
 We may also make unsecured debt investments in portfolio companies, meaning that such investments will not benefit from any interest in collateral of such companies. Liens on such portfolio companies' collateral, if any, will secure the portfolio company's obligations under our outstanding secured debt and may secure certain future debt that is permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under its secured debt agreements. The holders of obligations secured by such liens will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive proceeds from, any realization of such collateral to repay their obligations in full before we are so entitled. In addition, the value of such collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of such collateral would be sufficient to satisfy our unsecured debt obligations after payment in full of all secured debt obligations. If such proceeds were not sufficient to repay the outstanding secured debt obligations, then our unsecured claims would rank equally with the unpaid portion of such secured creditors' claims against the portfolio company's remaining assets, if any. 
 The rights we may have with respect to the collateral securing the debt investments we make to the portfolio companies with senior debt outstanding may also be limited pursuant to the terms of one or more intercreditor agreements that we enter into with the holders of senior debt. Under such an intercreditor agreement, at any time that obligations that have the benefit of the first priority liens are outstanding, any of the following actions that may be taken in respect of the collateral will be at the direction of the holders of the obligations secured by the first priority liens: the ability to cause the commencement of enforcement proceedings against the collateral; the ability to control the conduct of such proceedings; the approval of amendments to collateral documents; releases of liens on the collateral; and waivers of past defaults under collateral documents. We may not have the ability to control or direct such actions, even if our rights are adversely affected. In addition, a bankruptcy court may choose not to enforce an intercreditor agreement or other agreement with creditors. 
 Our investment in any mezzanine securities may not be protected by financial covenants or limitations upon additional indebtedness, may have limited liquidity and are not expected to be rated by a credit rating agency. Mezzanine investments generally are subject to various risks including, without limitation: (i) a subsequent characterization of an investment as a "fraudulent conveyance" under relevant creditors' rights laws, possibly resulting in the avoidance of collateral securing the investment or the cancellation of the obligation representing the investment; (ii) the recovery as a "preference" of liens perfected or payments made on account of a debt in certain periods before a bankruptcy filing; (iii) equitable subordination claims by other creditors; (iv) so called "lender liability" claims by the issuer of the obligations; and (v) environmental liabilities that may arise with respect to collateral securing the obligations. Additionally, adverse credit events with respect to any portfolio entity, such as missed or delayed payment of interest and/or principal, bankruptcy, receivership or distressed exchange, can significantly diminish the value of our investment in any such company. 
 Equity Investments 
 When we invest in portfolio companies, we may acquire warrants or other equity-related securities of portfolio companies as well. We may also invest in equity-related securities directly. To the extent we hold equity investments, we will attempt to dispose of them and realize gains upon our disposition of them. However, the equity interests we receive may not appreciate in value and, in fact, may decline in value. As a result, we may not be able to realize gains from our equity interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we experience. We will generally have little, if any, control over the timing of any gains we may realize from our equity investments. We also may be unable to realize any value if a portfolio company does not have a liquidity event, such as a sale of the business, recapitalization or public offering, which would allow us to sell the underlying equity interests. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Repurchase Agreements 
 Subject to our investment objective and policies, we may invest in repurchase agreements as a buyer for investment purposes. Repurchase agreements typically involve the acquisition by us of debt securities from a selling financial institution such as a bank, savings and loan association or broker dealer. The agreement provides that we will sell the securities back to the institution at a fixed time in the future for the purchase price plus a premium (which often reflects the interests). We do not bear the risk of a decline in the value of the underlying security unless the seller defaults under our repurchase obligation. In the event of the bankruptcy or other default of a seller of a repurchase agreement, we could experience both delays in liquidating the underlying securities and losses, including (1) possible decline in the value of the underlying security during the period in which we seek to enforce our rights thereto; (2) possible lack of access to income on the underlying security during this period; and (3) expenses associated with enforcing our rights. In addition, as described above, the value of the collateral underlying the repurchase agreement will be at least equal to the repurchase price, including any accrued interest earned on the repurchase agreement. In the event of a default or bankruptcy by a selling financial institution, we generally will seek to liquidate such collateral. However, the exercise of our right to liquidate such collateral could involve certain costs or delays and, to the extent that proceeds from any sale upon a default of the obligation to repurchase were less than the repurchase price, we could suffer a loss. 
 Original Issue Discount and Payment In Kind Instruments 
 To the extent that we invest in original issue discount or PIK instruments and the accretion of original issue discount or PIK interest income constitutes a portion of our income, we will be exposed to risks associated with the requirement to include such non cash income in taxable and accounting income prior to receipt of cash, including the following: 
 the higher interest rates on PIK instruments reflect the payment deferral and increased credit risk associated with these instruments, and PIK instruments generally represent a significantly higher credit risk than coupon loans; 
 original issue discount and PIK instruments may have unreliable valuations because the accruals require judgments about collectability of the deferred payments and the value of any associated collateral; 
 an election to defer PIK interest payments by adding them to the principal on such instruments increases our future investment income which increases our gross assets and, as such, increases the Investment Adviser's future base management fees, which thus increases the Investment Adviser's future income incentive fees at a compounding rate; 
 market prices of PIK instruments and other zero coupon instruments are affected to a greater extent by interest rate changes, and may be more volatile than instruments that pay interest periodically in cash. While PIK instruments are usually less volatile than zero coupon debt instruments, PIK instruments are generally more volatile than cash pay securities; 
 the deferral of PIK interest on an instrument increases the loan to value ratio, which is a measure of the riskiness of a loan, with respect to such instrument; 
 even if the conditions for income accrual under GAAP are satisfied, a borrower could still default when actual payment is due upon the maturity of such loan; 
 for accounting purposes, cash distributions to investors representing original issue discount income do not come from paid in capital, although they may be paid from the offering proceeds. Thus, although a distribution of original issue discount income may come from the cash invested by investors, the 1940 Act does not require that investors be given notice of this fact; 
 the required recognition of original issue discount or PIK interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes may have a negative impact on liquidity, as it represents a non cash component of our investment company taxable income that may require cash distributions to unitholders in order to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC; and 
 original issue discount may create a risk of non refundable cash payments to the Investment Adviser based on non cash accruals that may never be realized. 
 Risks Relating to Due Diligence of and Conduct at Portfolio Companies 
 Before making portfolio investments, the Investment Adviser typically conducts due diligence that they deem reasonable and appropriate based on the facts and circumstances applicable to each portfolio investment. Due diligence may entail evaluation of important and complex business, financial, tax, accounting, environmental, social, governance and legal issues. When conducting due diligence and making an assessment regarding an investment, the Investment Adviser relies on the resources available to it, including information provided by the target of the investment and, in some circumstances, third party investigations. The due diligence investigation that the Investment Adviser carries out with respect to any investment opportunity may not reveal or highlight all relevant facts that may be necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 opportunity. Moreover, such an investigation will not necessarily result in the portfolio investment being successful. There can be no assurance that attempts to provide downside protection with respect to portfolio investments will achieve their desired effect and potential investors should regard an investment in us as being speculative and having a high degree of risk. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect or prevent irregular accounting, employee misconduct or other fraudulent practices during the due diligence phase or during our efforts to monitor the portfolio investment on an ongoing basis or that any risk management procedures implemented by us will be adequate. In the event of fraud by any portfolio company or any of its affiliates, we may suffer a partial or total loss of capital invested in that portfolio company. An additional concern is the possibility of material misrepresentation or omission on the part of the portfolio company or the seller. Such inaccuracy or incompleteness may adversely affect the value of our securities and/or instruments in such portfolio company. We rely upon the accuracy and completeness of representations made by portfolio companies and/or their former owners in the due diligence process to the extent reasonable when making our investments, but cannot guarantee such accuracy or completeness. We may elect to obtain a representations and warranties insurance policy that may provide protection to us in the event of losses arising from the inaccuracy or incompleteness of any such representation. However, there is no guarantee that we would be able to obtain recovery under any such insurance policy, or that such recovery will be sufficient. In addition, in a transaction where we have obtained such a policy, recourse to the former owners of a portfolio company may be severely limited or even eliminated, and recovery under such policy may effectively be the sole source of recovery for us in such circumstance. Under certain circumstances, payments to us may be reclaimed if any such payment or distribution is later determined to have been a fraudulent conveyance or a preferential payment. 
 Consultants, legal advisors, appraisers, accountants, investment banks and other third parties may be involved in the due diligence process and/or the ongoing operation of our portfolio companies to varying degrees depending on the type of investment. For example, certain asset management, finance, administrative and other similar functions may be outsourced to a third party service provider whose fees and expenses will be borne by such portfolio company or us and will not offset the management fee. Such involvement of third party advisors or consultants may present a number of risks primarily relating to the Investment Adviser's reduced control of the functions that are outsourced. In addition, if the Investment Adviser is unable to timely engage third party providers, their ability to evaluate and acquire more complex targets could be adversely affected. 
 Currency and Exchange Rate Risks 
 A portion of our portfolio investments, and the income received by us with respect to such portfolio investments, may be denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars. However, our books will be maintained, and capital contributions to and distributions from us generally will be made, in U.S. dollars. Accordingly, changes in currency exchange rates may adversely affect the dollar value of portfolio investments, interest amounts and other payments received by us, gains and losses realized on the sale of investments and the amount of distributions, if any, to be made by us. We will incur costs in converting investment proceeds from one currency to another. The Investment Adviser may enter into hedging transactions designed to reduce such currency risks. See also " Hedging Policies/Risks" above. Furthermore, Units are denominated in U.S. dollars. Investors subscribing for Units in any country in which U.S. dollars are not the local currency should note that changes in the value of exchange between U.S. dollars and such currency may have an adverse effect on the value, price or income of the investment to such investor. There may be foreign exchange regulations applicable to investments in foreign currencies in certain jurisdictions. Each prospective investor should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal, tax, financial and related matters concerning an investment in the Units. 
 Public Company Holdings 
 To maintain our status as a BDC, we are not permitted to acquire any assets other than in "qualifying assets" specified in the 1940 Act unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Subject to certain exceptions for follow on investments and distressed companies, an investment in an issuer that has outstanding securities listed on a national securities exchange may be treated as qualifying assets only if such issuer has a common equity market capitalization that is less than 250 million at the time of such investment. 
 Bridge Financings 
 We may provide interim financing to, or make investments that are intended to be of a temporary nature in equity or debt securities of, any portfolio company or any affiliate thereof in connection with or subsequent to an investment by us in such portfolio company. Such bridge loans would typically be convertible into a more permanent, long term security; however, for reasons not always in our control, such long term securities issuance or other refinancing or syndication may not occur and such bridge loans and interim investments may remain outstanding. In such event, the interest rate or other terms of such financings may not adequately reflect the risk associated with the position taken by us. Such financings may be entered into at prospective returns below our target investment returns. Therefore, such financing that is not exited as originally anticipated, even if successfully recovered by us, could significantly reduce our overall investment returns. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Uncertainty of Financial Projections 
 The Investment Adviser will generally establish the pricing of transactions and the capital commitment amount to portfolio companies on the basis of financial projections for such portfolio companies. Estimates or projections of economic and market conditions, supply and demand dynamics and other key investment related considerations are key factors in evaluating potential investment opportunities and valuing our investment program. It is possible for such estimates and projections to be significantly revised from time to time, creating significant changes in the value of the company subject to such factors. Projected operating results are normally based primarily on management judgments. In all cases, projections are only estimates of future results that are based upon assumptions made at the time that the projections are developed. There can be no assurance that any projections, forecasts or estimates referred to will prove to be accurate or that projected, forecasted or estimated results will be obtained. Actual results may vary significantly from the projections, forecasts or estimates provided. General economic, political and market conditions, which are not predictable, can have a material adverse impact on the reliability of such projections, forecasts or estimates. 
 Availability of Insurance Against Certain Catastrophic Losses 
 With respect to portfolio investments, the Investment Adviser may seek to require the underlying portfolio company and/or project to obtain liability, fire, flood, extended coverage and rental loss insurance with insured limits and policy specifications that they believe are customary for similar investments. However, certain losses of a catastrophic nature, such as wars, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, or other similar events, may be either uninsurable or insurable at such high rates that to maintain such coverage would cause an adverse impact on the related investments. In general, losses related to terrorism are becoming harder and more expensive to insure against. Most insurers are excluding terrorism coverage from their all risk policies. In some cases, the insurers are offering significantly limited coverage against terrorist acts for additional premiums which can greatly increase the total costs of casualty insurance for a portfolio company. As a result, not all portfolio investments may be insured against terrorism. If a major uninsured loss occurs, we could lose both invested capital in and anticipated profits from the affected portfolio investments. 
 Global Climate Change Risk 
 Climate change creates physical and financial risk and potential portfolio companies may be adversely affected by climate change. For example, the needs of customers of energy companies vary with weather conditions, primarily temperature and humidity. To the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of any changes. Increases in the cost of energy could adversely affect the cost of operations of our portfolio companies if the use of energy products or services is material to their business. A decrease in energy use due to weather changes may affect some of our portfolio companies' financial condition, through, for example, decreased revenues, which may, in turn, impact the valuation of such portfolio companies. Extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, and can contribute to increased system stresses, including service interruptions. 
 In December 2015, the United Nations adopted a climate accord (the "Paris Agreement"), which the United States rejoined in 2021, with the long-term goal of limiting global warming and the short-term goal of significantly reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Additionally, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 included several measures designed to combat climate change, including restrictions on methane emissions. As a result, some of our portfolio companies may become subject to new or strengthened regulations or legislation, which could increase their operating costs and/or decrease their revenues, which may, in turn, impact their ability to make payments on our investments. 
 Corporate Social Responsibility Risks 
 Our business faces increasing public scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance ("ESG") activities. We risk damage to our brand and reputation if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as environmental stewardship, corporate governance and transparency and considering ESG factors in our investment processes. Adverse incidents with respect to ESG activities could impact the value of our brand, the cost of our operations and relationships with investors, all of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Additionally, new regulatory initiatives related to ESG could adversely affect our business. 
 Force Majeure Risk 
 Portfolio companies may be affected by force majeure events (i.e., events beyond the control of the party claiming that the event has occurred, including, without limitation, civil unrest, acts of God, fire, flood, earthquakes, hurricanes and other natural disasters, including extreme weather events from possible future climate change, outbreaks of an infectious disease, pandemics or any other serious public health concern, war, terrorism and labor strikes). Some force majeure events may adversely affect the ability of a party (including a portfolio company or a counterparty to us or a portfolio company) to perform its obligations until it is able to remedy the force majeure event. In addition, the cost to a portfolio company or us of repairing or replacing damaged assets resulting from such force majeure event could be considerable. Certain force majeure events (such 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 as war or an outbreak of an infectious disease) could have a broader negative impact on the world economy and international business activity generally, or in any of the countries in which we may invest specifically. 
 Recent Developments in the Banking Sector 
 Recent bank closures in the United States have caused uncertainty for financial services companies and fear of instability in the global financial system generally. In addition, certain financial institutions in particular smaller and/or regional banks have experienced volatile stock prices and significant losses in their equity value, and there is concern that depositors at these institutions have withdrawn, or may withdraw in the future, significant sums from their accounts at these institutions. Notwithstanding intervention by U.S. governmental agencies to protect the uninsured depositors of banks that have recently closed, there is no guarantee that the uninsured depositors of a financial institution that closes (which depositors could include us and/or our portfolio companies) will be made whole or, even if made whole, that such deposits will become available for withdrawal in short order. There is a risk that other banks, or other financial institutions, may be similarly impacted, and it is uncertain what steps (if any) regulators may take in such circumstances. As a consequence, for example, we and/or our portfolio companies may be delayed or prevented from accessing money, making any required payments under their own debt or other contractual obligations or pursuing key strategic initiatives, and unitholders may be impacted in their ability to honor capital calls and/or receive distributions. In addition, such bank failures or instability could affect, in certain circumstances, the ability of both affiliated and unaffiliated joint venture partners, co-lenders, syndicate lenders or other parties to undertake and/or execute transactions with us, which in turn may result in fewer investment opportunities being made available to us, result in shortfalls or defaults under existing investments, or impact our ability to provide additional follow-on support to portfolio companies. In addition, in the event that a financial institution that provides credit facilities and/or other financing to us or its portfolio companies closes or experiences distress, there can be no assurance that such bank will honor its obligations or that we or our portfolio company will be able to secure replacement financing or capabilities at all or on similar terms. There can be no assurances that we or our portfolio companies will establish banking relationships with multiple financial institutions, and we and our portfolio companies are expected to be subject to contractual obligations to maintain all or a portion of their respective assets with a particular bank (including, without limitation, in connection with a credit facility or other financing transaction). Uncertainty caused by recent bank failures and general concern regarding the financial health and outlook for other financial institutions could have an overall negative effect on banking systems and financial markets generally. These recent developments may also have other implications for broader economic and monetary policy, including interest rate policy. For the foregoing reasons, there can be no assurances that conditions in the banking sector and in global financial markets will not worsen and/ or adversely affect us, our portfolio companies or their respective financial performance. 
 Dependence on Banking Relationships 
 The financial markets recently have encountered volatility associated with concerns about the balance sheets of banks, especially small and regional banks that may have significant losses associated with investments that make it difficult to fund demands to withdraw deposits and other liquidity needs. Although the federal government has announced measures to assist these banks and protect depositors, some banks have already been impacted and others may be materially and adversely impacted. Our business is dependent on bank relationships, and we are proactively monitoring the financial health of banks with which we (or our portfolio companies) do or may in the future do business. Continued strain on the banking system may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 CERTAIN RISKS RELATING TO OUR UNITS AND OPERATIONS 
 No Market for Units; Transferability Restrictions 
 Our Units have not been registered under the Securities Act, or applicable securities laws of any U.S. state or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and, therefore, cannot be resold unless they are subsequently registered under the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws or an exemption from such registration is available. It is not contemplated that registration of the Units under the Securities Act or other securities laws will ever be effected. There is no public market for our Units and one is not expected to develop. Accordingly, it may be difficult to obtain reliable information about the value of our Units. Each unitholder must be an "accredited investor" (as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act) and is required to represent, among other customary private placement representations, that it is acquiring our Units for its own account and for investment purposes only and not with a view to resell or distribute and that it will only sell and transfer its limited liability company unit to an accredited investor under applicable securities laws or in a manner permitted by the A R LLC Agreement and consistent with such laws. Subject to a few limited exceptions, a unitholder will not be permitted to directly or indirectly assign, sell, exchange, mortgage, pledge or transfer any of its Units or any of its rights or obligations with respect to its Units, except by operation of law, without the prior written consent of the Investment Adviser, which consent may be given or withheld in accordance with the A R LLC Agreement. Except in limited circumstances, voluntary withdrawals from us will not be permitted. The unitholders must be prepared to bear the risks of owning Units for an extended period of time. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Status as a BDC 
 We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act imposes numerous constraints on the operations of BDCs. For example, BDCs are required to invest at least 70.0 of their total assets in qualifying assets such as U.S.private companies or thinly traded U.S. public companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and other high quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. Failure to comply with the requirements imposed on BDCs by the 1940 Act could cause the SEC to bring an enforcement action against us and/or expose us to claims of private litigants. In addition, upon approval of a majority of the unitholders, we may elect to withdraw our election to be regulated as a BDC. If we decide to withdraw our election, or if we otherwise fail to qualify, or maintain our qualification, as a BDC, we may be subject to the substantially greater regulation under the 1940 Act as a registered closed end investment company. Compliance with these regulations would significantly decrease our operating flexibility and could significantly increase our cost of doing business. 
 As a BDC, we are prohibited from acquiring any assets other than "qualifying assets" unless, at the time of and after giving effect to such acquisition, at least 70.0 of our total assets are qualifying assets. We may acquire in the future other investments that are not "qualifying assets" to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we would be prohibited from investing in additional assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, these rules could prevent us from making follow on investments in existing portfolio companies (which could result in the dilution of our position) or could require us to dispose of investments at inopportune times in order to come into compliance with the 1940 Act. If we need to dispose of these investments quickly, it may be difficult to dispose of such investments on favorable terms. For example, we may have difficulty in finding a buyer and, even if a buyer is found, we may have to sell the investments at a substantial loss. 
 Valuation of Portfolio Investments 
 As noted above, there is no established market for many private investments and a portfolio company may not have any comparable companies for which public market valuations exist. Because there is significant uncertainty as to the valuation of illiquid investments, the values of such investments may not necessarily reflect the values that could actually be realized by us. Under certain conditions we may be forced to sell portfolio investments at lower prices than we expected to realize or defer, potentially for a considerable period of time, sales that we planned to make. In addition, under limited circumstances, the Investment Adviser may not have access to all material information relevant to a valuation analysis with respect to a portfolio investment. As a result, the valuation of our portfolio investments, and therefore, as a further result, the valuation of the Units themselves (which is derived from the value of our portfolio investments), may be based on imperfect information and is subject to inherent uncertainties. 
 Some of our investments are and may be in the form of securities or loans that are not publicly traded or actively traded on a secondary market, and these investments may not have a readily available market quotation. Under the 1940 Act, we are required to carry our portfolio investments at fair value or, if there is no readily available market quotation, at fair value as determined in good faith by our Board, including to reflect significant events affecting the value of our securities. We value our investments for which we do not have readily available market quotations quarterly, or more frequently as circumstances require, at fair value as determined in good faith by our Board in accordance with our valuation policy, which is at all times consistent with GAAP and the 1940 Act. See Item 1. Business Valuation of Portfolio Securities in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on valuations. 
 Our Board utilizes the services of one or more independent third party valuation firms to aid it in determining the fair value with respect to our material unquoted assets in accordance with our valuation policy. The inputs into the determination of fair value of these investments may require significant management judgment or estimation. Even if observable market data is available, such information may be the result of consensus pricing information or broker quotes, which include a disclaimer that the broker would not be held to such a price in an actual transaction. The non binding nature of consensus pricing and/or quotes accompanied by disclaimers materially reduces the reliability of such information. 
 The types of factors that our Board takes into account in determining the fair value of our investments generally include, as appropriate: available market data, including relevant and applicable market trading and transaction comparables, applicable market yields and multiples, security covenants, call protection provisions, information rights, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company's ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flows and the markets in which it does business, comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public, comparable merger and acquisition transactions and the principal market and enterprise values. Since these valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates, our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a readily-available market for these securities existed. 
 Due to this uncertainty, our fair value determinations may cause our net asset value, on any given date, to materially differ from the value that we may ultimately realize upon the sale of one or more of our investments. In addition, investors 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 purchasing our Units based on an overstated net asset value would pay a higher price than the realizable value that our investments might warrant. 
 We may adjust the valuation of our portfolio quarterly to reflect our Board's determination of the fair value of each investment in our portfolio. Any changes in fair value are recorded in our statement of operations as net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation. 
 Management of the Company 
 The Investment Adviser, subject to the oversight of our Board, has responsibility for our activities, and, other than as expressly set forth in the A R LLC Agreement, the unitholders will generally not be able to make investment or any other decisions regarding our management. Other than as set forth herein and in the A R LLC Agreement, the unitholders have no rights or powers to take part in our management or make investment decisions and will not receive the level of portfolio company financial information that is available to New Mountain Capital. Accordingly, no person should purchase a Unit unless such person is willing to entrust all aspects of our management to New Mountain Capital and our Board. 
 The Investment Management Agreement and the Administration Agreement were negotiated between related parties. In addition, we may choose not to enforce, waive, or to enforce less vigorously, our respective rights and remedies under these agreements because of our desire to maintain our ongoing relationship with the Investment Adviser, the Administrator and their respective affiliates. Any such decision, however, could cause us to breach our fiduciary obligations to the unitholders. 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 As a BDC, we are prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating in certain transactions with certain of our affiliates without the prior approval of a majority of the independent members of our Board and, in some cases, of the SEC. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, 5 or more of our outstanding voting securities will be our affiliate for purposes of the 1940 Act and generally we will be prohibited from buying or selling any securities from or to such affiliate, absent the prior approval of our Board. The 1940 Act also prohibits us from participating in certain "joint" transactions with certain of our affiliates, including New Mountain Finance Corporation, New Mountain Guardian III BDC, L.L.C., New Mountain Guardian IV BDC, L.L.C., and NMF SLF I Inc. and other funds and accounts that the Investment Adviser manages, which could include investments in the same portfolio company (whether at the same or closely related times), without prior approval of our Board and, in some cases, the SEC. If a person acquires more than 25 of our voting securities, we will be prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to such person or certain of that person's affiliates, or entering into prohibited joint transactions (including certain co investments) with such persons, absent the prior approval of the SEC. Similar restrictions limit our ability to transact business with our officers, trustees, investment advisers, sub advisers or their affiliates. As a result of these restrictions, we may be prohibited from buying or selling any security (other than any security of which we are the issuer) from or to any fund or any portfolio company of a fund managed by the Investment Adviser, or entering into joint arrangements such as certain co investments with these companies or funds without the prior approval of the SEC, which may limit the scope of investment opportunities that would otherwise be available to us. 
 We rely on exemptive relief granted to the Investment Adviser and certain of its affiliates by the SEC that allows us to engage in co investment transactions with other affiliated funds of the Investment Adviser, subject to certain terms and conditions. However, while the terms of the exemptive relief require that the Investment Adviser be given the opportunity to cause us to participate in certain transactions originated by affiliates of the Investment Adviser, the Investment Adviser may determine that we will not participate in those transactions and for certain other transactions (as set forth in guidelines approved by our Board) the Investment Adviser may not have the opportunity to cause us to participate. 
 The Investment Adviser and Conflicts of Interest 
 Our executive officers and directors, as well as the current or future investment professionals of the Investment Adviser, serve or may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do or of investment funds managed by our affiliates. Accordingly, they may have obligations to investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which might not be in our unitholders' interests. The investment professionals of the Investment Adviser and/or New Mountain Capital employees that provide services pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement may manage other funds which may from time to time have overlapping investment objectives with our own and, accordingly, may invest in, whether principally or secondarily, asset classes similar to those targeted by us. If this occurs, the Investment Adviser may face conflicts of interest in allocating investment opportunities to us and such other funds. Although the investment professionals endeavor to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner in accordance with the Investment Adviser's policies and procedures, it is possible that we may not be given the opportunity to participate in certain investments made by the Investment Adviser or persons affiliated with the Investment Adviser or that certain of these investment funds may be favored over us. When these investment professionals identify an investment, they may be forced to choose which investment fund should make the investment. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 While we may co-invest with investment entities managed by the Investment Adviser or its affiliates to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder, the 1940 Act imposes significant limits on co-investment. On October 8, 2019, the SEC issued the Exemptive Order to the Investment Adviser and certain of its affiliates, as amended by a subsequent order granted on August 30, 2022, which superseded a prior order issued on December 18, 2017, which permits us to co-invest in portfolio companies with certain funds or entities managed by the Investment Adviser or its affiliates in certain negotiated transactions where co-investing would otherwise be prohibited under the 1940 Act, subject to the conditions of the Exemptive Order. Pursuant to the Exemptive Order, we are permitted to co-invest with our affiliates if a "required majority" (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our Independent Directors make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including, but not limited to, that (1) the terms of the potential co-investment transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our unitholders and do not involve overreaching by us or our unitholders on the part of any person concerned, and (2) the potential coinvestment transaction is consistent with the interests of our unitholders and is consistent with our then-current investment objectives and strategies. 
 If the Investment Adviser manages certain other affiliates in the future, we may co-invest on a concurrent basis with such other affiliates, subject to compliance with applicable regulations and regulatory guidance or an exemptive order from the SEC and our allocation procedures. In addition, we pay management and incentive fees to the Investment Adviser and reimburse the Investment Adviser for certain expenses it incurs. As a result, investors in our Units invest in us on a "gross" basis and receive distributions on a "net" basis after our expenses. Also, the incentive fee payable to the Investment Adviser may create an incentive for the Investment Adviser to pursue investments that are riskier or more speculative than would be the case in the absence of such compensation arrangements. Any potential conflict of interest arising as a result of the arrangements with the Investment Adviser could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 License Agreement, Expenses Incurred and Conflicts of Interest including those Associated with the Valuation Process 
 We have entered into a royalty-free license agreement with New Mountain Capital under which New Mountain Capital has agreed to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name "New Mountain". In addition, we reimburse the Administrator for the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations to us under the Administration Agreement, such as, but not limited to, the allocable portion of the cost of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. This could create conflicts of interest that our Board must monitor. 
 Material, Non Public Information 
 The Investment Adviser's investment professionals, Investment Committee or their respective affiliates may serve as directors of, or in a similar capacity with, companies in which we invest. In the event that material non-public information is obtained with respect to such companies, or we become subject to trading restrictions under the internal trading policies of those companies or as a result of applicable law or regulations, we could be prohibited for a period of time from purchasing or selling the securities of such companies, and this prohibition may have an adverse effect on us and our unitholders. 
 FOIA and Similar Laws 
 To the extent that the Investment Adviser determines in good faith that, as a result of the Freedom of Information Act ("FOIA"), any U.S. or non U.S. governmental public records access law, any state or other jurisdiction's laws similar in intent or effect to FOIA, or any other similar statutory or regulatory requirement, a unitholder or any of its affiliates may be required to disclose information relating to us, our affiliates and/or any entity in which an investment is made (other than certain fund level, aggregate performance information as described in the A R LLC Agreement), and such disclosure could affect our competitive advantage in finding attractive investment opportunities. The amount of information that is required to be disclosed has increased in recent years, and that trend may continue. To the extent that disclosure of confidential information relating to us or our portfolio investments results from Units being held by public investors, we may be adversely affected. The Investment Adviser may, to prevent any such potential disclosure, withhold all or any part of the information otherwise to be provided to such unitholder. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event that any party seeks the disclosure of information relating to us, our affiliates, and/or any entity in which an investment is made under FOIA or any such similar law, the Investment Adviser may, in its discretion, initiate legal action and/or otherwise contest such disclosure, which may or may not be successful, and any expenses incurred therewith will be borne by us. Conversely, potential future regulatory changes applicable to investment advisers and/or the accounts they advise could result in New Mountain Capital becoming subject to additional disclosure requirements, the specific nature of which is as yet uncertain. 
 Limited Access to Information 
 Unitholders' rights to information regarding us will be specified, and strictly limited, in the A R LLC Agreement. In particular, it is anticipated that the Investment Adviser will obtain certain types of material information from portfolio investments that will not be disclosed to unitholders because such disclosure is prohibited for contractual, legal, or similar obligations outside of the Investment Adviser's control. Decisions by the Investment Adviser to withhold information may have 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 adverse consequences for unitholders in a variety of circumstances. For example, a unitholder that seeks to transfer its Units may have difficulty in determining an appropriate price for such Units. Decisions to withhold information also may make it difficult for unitholders to monitor the Investment Adviser and its performance. Additionally, it is expected that unitholders who designate representatives to participate on the advisory committee may, by virtue of such participation and subject to applicable law, have more information about us and our portfolio investments in certain circumstances than other unitholders generally and may be disseminated information in advance of communication to other unitholders generally. 
 Possibility of Different Information Rights 
 Certain unitholders may request information from the Investment Adviser relating to us and our portfolio investments and the Investment Adviser may, subject to applicable law, including Regulation FD promulgated by the SEC, provide such unitholders with the information requested (subject to availability, confidentiality obligations and other similar considerations). Unitholders may also be entitled to receive additional or customized reporting relating to their investment in us pursuant to their side letters, which are particular to such unitholders and may not be available to other unitholders. Any such unitholders that request and receive such information will consequently possess information regarding our business and affairs that are not generally known to other unitholders. As a result, certain unitholders may be able to take actions on the basis of such information which, in the absence of such information, other unitholders do not take. 
 Amendments 
 The A R LLC Agreement may be amended from time to time, including by our Board without the consent of unitholders in circumstances set forth in the A R LLC Agreement. 
 Capital Calls 
 Capital calls will be issued by the Investment Adviser from time to time at the discretion of the Investment Adviser, based upon the Investment Adviser's assessment of our needs and opportunities. To satisfy such capital calls, the unitholders may be required to maintain a substantial portion of their Capital Commitment in assets that can be readily converted to cash. Except as specifically set forth in the A R LLC Agreement, the unitholders' obligation to satisfy capital calls will be unconditional. The unitholders' obligation to satisfy capital calls will not in any manner be contingent upon our performance or prospects or upon any assessment thereof provided by the Investment Adviser. Capital calls may not provide all of the information a unitholder desires in a particular circumstance, and such information may not be made available and will not be a condition precedent for a unitholder to meet its funding obligation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Adviser will not be obligated to call 100 of the unitholders' Capital Commitment during our term. If one or more unitholders are unable to make, their capital calls on any one investment, the capital call of the other unitholders will increase accordingly, possibly materially. The fees, costs and expenses incurred by the unitholders in fulfilling a capital call (whether it is bank fees, wire fees, foreign exchange fees, value added tax or other applicable charges imposed on a unitholder) will be borne solely by such unitholder and will be in addition to the amounts required by capital calls (and will not be part of or otherwise reduce their Capital Commitments and/or remaining Capital Commitments, as applicable). 
 RIC Tax Treatment and Raising Additional Capital 
 In order for us to qualify for the tax benefits available to RICs and to avoid payment of excise taxes, we intend to distribute to our unitholders substantially all of our annual taxable income. As a result of these requirements, we may need to raise capital from other sources to grow our business. 
 Distributions 
 We intend to pay quarterly distributions to the unitholders out of assets legally available for distribution. Such quarterly distributions will generally consist of cash or cash equivalents, except that we may make distributions of assets in kind with the prior consent of each receiving unitholder. We cannot assure you that we will continue to achieve investment results or maintain a tax status that will allow us to make a specified level of cash distributions or year to year increases in cash distributions. In addition, our ability to pay distributions might be adversely affected by the impact of one or more of the risk factors described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If we are unable to satisfy the asset coverage test applicable to us as a BDC, our ability to pay distributions to the unitholders could be limited. All distributions are paid at the discretion of our Board and depend on our earnings, financial condition, maintenance of our RIC tax treatment, compliance with applicable BDC regulations and such other factors as our Board may deem relevant from time to time. The distributions that we pay to our unitholders in a year may exceed our taxable income for that year and, accordingly, a portion of such distributions may constitute a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We cannot assure unitholders that we will continue to pay distributions to the unitholders in the future. 
 Unitholders should understand that any distributions made from sources other than cash flow from operations or that are relying on fee or expense reimbursement waivers from the Investment Adviser or the Administrator are not based on our investment performance, and can only be sustained if we achieve positive investment performance in future periods and/or the 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Investment Adviser or the Administrator continues to make such expense reimbursements. Unitholders should also understand that our future repayments to the Investment Adviser will reduce the distributions that they would otherwise receive. There can be no assurance that we will achieve such performance in order to sustain these distributions, or be able to pay distributions at all. The Investment Adviser and the Administrator have no obligation to waive fees or receipt of expense reimbursements. 
 We cannot assure you that we will achieve investment results or maintain a tax status that will allow or require any specified level of cash distributions or year to year increases in cash distributions. In particular, our future distributions are dependent upon the investment income we receive on our portfolio investments. To the extent such investment income declines, our ability to pay future distributions may be harmed. 
 Failure to Raise Substantial Funds 
 Amounts that we raise may not be sufficient for us to purchase a broad portfolio of investments. To the extent that less than the maximum number of Units is subscribed for, the opportunity for us to purchase a broad portfolio of investments may be decreased and the returns achieved on those investments may be reduced as a result of allocating all of our expenses among a smaller capital base. If we are unable to raise substantial funds, we may not achieve certain economies of scale and our expenses may represent a larger proportion of our total assets. 
 Failure to Make Capital Contributions 
 If a unitholder fails to pay due installments of its Capital Commitment to us, and the contributions made by non defaulting unitholders and borrowings by us are inadequate to cover the defaulted capital contribution, we may be unable to pay our obligations when due. As a result, we may lose opportunities and/or be subjected to significant penalties that could materially adversely affect the returns to the unitholders (including non defaulting unitholders). A default by a unitholder may also limit our ability to incur borrowings and our availability of what would otherwise have been available credit. In addition, if a unitholder defaults, non defaulting unitholders may be obligated to make capital contributions to us to make up for the amounts not paid by a defaulting unitholder. If a unitholder defaults, it may be subject to various remedies as provided in the A R LLC Agreement, including, without limitation, reductions in its capital account balance, or a forfeiture of its Units. 
 Preferred Units 
 We may, but have no current intention to, issue preferred units. However, to the extent that we do issue preferred units in the future, we cannot assure you that the issuance of preferred Units would result in a higher yield or return to the holders of the Units. The issuance of preferred Units would likely cause the net asset value and fair value of the Units to become more volatile. If the distribution rate on the preferred Units were to approach the net rate of return on our investment portfolio, the benefit of leverage to the holders of the Units would be reduced. If the distribution rate on the preferred Units were to exceed the net rate of return on our portfolio, the leverage would result in a lower rate of return to the holders of Units than if we had not issued preferred Units. Any decline in the net asset value of our investments would be borne entirely by the holders of Units. Therefore, if the fair value of our portfolio were to decline, the leverage would result in a greater decrease in net asset value to the holders of Units than if we were not leveraged through the issuance of preferred Units. 
 We might be in danger of failing to maintain the required asset coverage of the preferred Units or of losing our ratings, if any, on the preferred Units or, in an extreme case, our current investment income might not be sufficient to meet the dividend requirements on the preferred Units. In order to counteract such an event, we might need to liquidate investments in order to fund a redemption of some or all of the preferred Units. In addition, we would pay (and the holders of Units would bear) all costs and expenses relating to the issuance and ongoing maintenance of the preferred Units, including higher advisory fees if our total return exceeds the distribution rate on the preferred Units. Holders of preferred Units may have different interests and rights than holders of Units and may at times have disproportionate influence over our affairs. 
 In accordance with the 1940 Act, holders of any preferred Units we might issue, voting separately as a single class, would have the right to elect two members of our Board at all times and in the event dividends become two full years in arrears would have the right to elect a majority of the directors until such arrearage is completely eliminated. In addition, preferred unitholders have class voting rights on certain matters, including changes in fundamental investment restrictions and conversion to open end status, and accordingly can veto any such changes. Restrictions imposed on the declarations and payment of dividends or other distributions to the holders of the Units and preferred Units, both by the 1940 Act and by requirements imposed by rating agencies, if any, or the terms of our Leverage Arrangements, if any, might impair our ability to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. While we would intend to redeem our preferred Units to the extent necessary to enable us to distribute our income as required to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC, there can be no assurance that such actions could be effected in time to meet the tax requirements. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Removal of the Investment Adviser or Administrator; Cancellation of Investment Period; Early Termination of the Fund 
 Under the Investment Management Agreement, the Investment Adviser has the right to resign at any time upon 60 days' written notice, whether a replacement has been found or not. If the Investment Adviser resigns, we may not be able to find a new Adviser or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms within 60 days, or at all. If a replacement is not able to be found on a timely basis, our business, results of operations and financial condition and our ability to pay distributions are likely to be materially adversely affected. In addition, if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement with a single institution or group of executives having the expertise possessed by the Investment Adviser and its affiliates, the coordination of our internal management and investment activities is likely to suffer. Even if we are able to retain comparable management, whether internal or external, their integration into our business and lack of familiarity with our investment objective may result in additional costs and time delays that may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The Administrator has the right to resign under the Administration Agreement upon 60 days' written notice, whether a replacement has been found or not. If the Administrator resigns, it may be difficult to find a new administrator or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms, or at all. If a replacement is not found quickly, our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as our ability to pay distributions, are likely to be adversely affected. In addition, the coordination of our internal management and administrative activities is likely to suffer if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement with a service provider or individuals with the expertise possessed by the Administrator. Even if a comparable service provider or individuals to perform such services are retained, whether internal or external, their integration into our business and lack of familiarity with our investment objective may result in additional costs and time delays that may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Therefore, there can be no certainty regarding our ability to consummate investment opportunities thereafter. Similar risks exist if the Investment Period is cancelled earlier than anticipated pursuant to the terms of the A R LLC Agreement. Moreover, it is possible that we may be dissolved and terminated prematurely, and as a result, may not be able to accomplish our objectives and may be required to dispose of our investments at a disadvantageous time or make an in kind distribution (resulting in unitholders not having their capital invested and/or deployed in the manner originally contemplated). 
 Compliance with Anti Money Laundering Requirements 
 In response to increased regulatory concerns with respect to the sources of funds used in investments and other activities, we will request prospective and existing unitholders to provide additional documentation verifying, among other things, such unitholder's identity and the source of funds used to purchase interests in us. The Investment Adviser may decline to accept a prospective investor's subscription if this information is not provided or on the basis of such information that is provided. Requests for documentation may be made at any time during which a unitholder holds any interest in us. The Investment Adviser may be required to provide this information, or report the failure to comply with such requests, to governmental authorities, in certain circumstances without notifying the unitholder that the information has been provided. The Investment Adviser will take such steps as it determines may be necessary to comply with applicable law, regulations, orders, directives or special measures that may be required by government regulators. Governmental authorities are continuing to consider appropriate measures to implement anti money laundering laws and at this point it is unclear what steps the Investment Adviser may be required to take; however, these steps may include prohibiting such unitholder from making further contributions of capital to us, depositing distributions to which such unitholder would otherwise be entitled to an escrow account and causing the withdrawal of such unitholder from us. 
 Fund Expenses 
 We will pay and bear all fund expenses related to our operations (subject to the Specified Expenses Cap). The amount of these fund expenses will be substantial and will reduce the actual returns realized by the unitholders on their investment in us (and will reduce the amount of capital available to be deployed by us in portfolio investments). As described further in the A R LLC Agreement, fund expenses encompass a broad range of expenses, including, but not limited to, reimbursement of expenses to the Administrator pursuant to the Administration Agreement, origination fees, syndication fees, research costs, due diligence costs, bank service fees, broken deal expenses, fees and expenses related to transfer agents, rating agencies, valuation and appraisal agents, third party administrators and deal finders, experts, advisers, consultants, engineers and other professionals and service providers, travel, meal and lodging expenses incurred for investment related purposes, outside legal counsel, accountants, indemnification and contribution expenses, expenses related to Fund related compliance obligations (including Form PF and Form ADV, blue sky filings, and registration statement filings), AIFMD related expenses (including Annex IV reporting), and the cost of operational and accounting software and related expenses, the cost of software used by the Investment Adviser and its affiliates to track and monitor investments (i.e., portfolio management software), and risk, research and market data related expenses (including software and hardware). For a full list of Fund Expenses, see Item 1. Business Payment of Expenses in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Advisory Council 
 The Investment Adviser may consult New Mountain Capital's Executive Advisory Council from time to time concerning general industry trends, related matters and specific investment diligence. Members of the Executive Advisory Council may be paid by us for project related consulting fees and reimbursed by us for their reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses in connection with specific diligence for a potential portfolio company. 
 Systems and Operational Risks 
 We depend on the Investment Adviser to develop and implement appropriate systems for our activities. We rely daily on financial, accounting and other data processing systems to execute, clear and settle transactions across numerous and diverse markets and to evaluate certain financial instruments, to monitor our portfolios and capital, and to generate risk management and other reports that are critical to oversight of our activities. Certain of our and the Investment Adviser's activities will be dependent upon systems operated by third parties, and the Investment Adviser may not be in a position to verify the risks or reliability of such third party systems. Failures in the systems and processes employed by the Investment Adviser and other parties could result in mistakes made, including, among other things, in the confirmation or settlement of transactions, or in transactions not being properly booked, evaluated or accounted for. Operational risks result from inadequate procedures and controls, employee fraud, recordkeeping errors, human errors and other mistakes or failures by the Investment Adviser or a service provider. Disruption to third party critical service providers, such as our administrators, auditors, external counsel and custodian, may result in other disruptions in our operations. Disruptions in our operations may cause us to suffer, among other things, financial loss, the disruption of their businesses, liability to third parties, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. Any of the foregoing failures or disruptions could have a material adverse effect on us and the investors' investments therein. 
 Cybersecurity Breaches, Identity Theft and Other Disasters 
 We, and others in our industry, are the targets of malicious cyber activity, which we work hard to prevent. A successful cyber-attack, whether perpetrated by criminal or state-sponsored actors, against us or our service providers, or an accidental disclosure of non-public information, could have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct business and on our results of operations and financial condition, particularly if those events affect our computer-based data processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval systems, or destroy data. If a significant number of our managers were unavailable in the vent of a disaster, our ability to effectively conduct our business could be severely compromised. 
 The Investment Adviser and third-party service providers with which we do business depend heavily upon computer systems to perform necessary business functions. Despite the implementation of a variety of security measures, computer systems could be subject to unauthorized access, acquisition, use, alteration, or destruction, such as from the insertion of malware (including ransomware), physical and electronic break-ins or unauthorized tampering. The Investment Adviser may experience threats to their data and systems, including malware and computer virus attacks, unauthorized access, system failures and disruptions. If one or more of these events occurs, it could potentially jeopardize the confidential, proprietary, personal and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through the Advisers computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in operations, which could result in damage to our reputation, financial losses, litigation, increased costs, regulatory enforcement action and penalties and/or customer dissatisfaction or loss. 
 Third parties with which we do business are sources of cybersecurity or other technological risks. We outsource certain functions and these relationships allow for the storage and processing of our information, as well as client, counterparty, employee, and borrower information. Cybersecurity failures or breaches to the Investment Adviser and other service providers (including, but not limited to, accountants, custodians, transfer agents and administrators) and issuers of securities in which we invest, also have the ability to cause disruptions and impact business operations, potentially resulting in financial losses, interference with our ability to calculate its NAV, impediments to trading, the inability of our unitholders to transact business, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, regulatory fines, penalties, reputation damages, reimbursement of other compensation costs, or additional compliance costs. While we engage in actions to reduce our exposure resulting from outsourcing, ongoing threats may result in unauthorized access, acquisition, use, alteration or destruction of data, or other cybersecurity incidents, with increased costs and other consequences, including those described above. In addition, substantial costs may be incurred in order to prevent any cyber incidents in the future. 
 Privacy and information security laws and regulation changes, and compliance with those changes, may result in cost increases due to system changes and the development of new administrative processes. In addition, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures and to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures arising from operational and security risks. We may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, and we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that are not fully insured. 
 We and our service providers may be impacted by operating restrictions, which may include requiring employees to continue to work from remote locations. Policies of extended periods of remote working, whether by us or our service 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 providers, could strain technology resources, introduce operational risks and otherwise heighten the risks described above. Remote working environments may be less secure and more susceptible to hacking attacks, including phishing and social engineering attempts that seek to exploit weaknesses in a remote work environment. Accordingly, the risks described above are heightened under current conditions, which may continue for an unknown duration. 
 Cyber-Attacks 
 Cybersecurity refers to the combination of technologies, processes, and procedures established to protect information technology systems and data from unauthorized access, attack, or damage. We, the Investment Adviser, and the Administrator are subject to cybersecurity risks. Information cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years and, while we, the Investment Adviser and the Administrator have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, we could suffer such losses in the future. The Investment Adviser s and the Administrator s computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses or other malicious code, network failures, computer and technology failures, infiltration by unauthorized persons and other security breaches, usage errors by their respective professionals or service providers, or other events that could have a security impact. If one or more of such events occur, this potentially could jeopardize confidential and other information, including nonpublic personal information relating to unitholders (and their beneficial owners) and sensitive business data (including material nonpublic information of our portfolio companies), processed and stored in, and transmitted through, the Investment Adviser s and the Administrator s computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or the operations of our customers or counterparties. Breaches such as those involving covertly introduced malware, impersonation of authorized users and industrial or other espionage may not be identified even with sophisticated prevention and detection systems, potentially resulting in further harm and preventing them from being addressed appropriately. This could result in significant losses, reputational damage, litigation, regulatory fines or penalties, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations and the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Investment Adviser, the Administrator and their affiliates. Privacy and information security laws and regulation changes, and compliance with those changes, may result in cost increases due to system changes and the development of new administrative processes. In the future, the Investment Adviser, the Administrator and our portfolio companies may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify their protective measures and to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures arising from operational and security risks. In addition, we, the Investment Adviser and the Administrator may be subject to litigation and financial losses that are not fully insured. 
 Third parties with which we, the Investment Adviser, the Administrator, and our portfolio companies do business may also be sources of cybersecurity or other technological risks. We outsource certain functions, and these relationships allow for the storage and processing of our information, as well as customer, counterparty, employee and borrower information. While we, the Investment Adviser, the Administrator, and our portfolio companies engage in actions to reduce our exposure resulting from outsourcing, ongoing threats may result in unauthorized access, loss, exposure or destruction of data, or other cybersecurity incidents, with increased costs and other consequences, including those described above. Further, the continued remote working conditions initially resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic have heightened ours and our portfolio companies' vulnerability to a cybersecurity risk or incident. 
 Litigation 
 New Mountain Capital engages in a broad variety of activities on a global basis in respect of its managed funds, accounts and portfolio companies. These activities have and may in the future subject New Mountain Capital to risks of becoming involved in litigation by third parties or may subject New Mountain Capital to investigations or proceedings initiated by governmental authorities. It is difficult to determine what impact, if any, such litigation may have on New Mountain Capital and us. As a result, there can be no assurance that the foregoing will not have an adverse impact on New Mountain Capital or otherwise impede our ability to effectively achieve our objectives. 
 CERTAIN MARKET, REGULATORY AND TAX RISKS 
 U.S. Capital Markets 
 Disruptions in the capital markets have increased the spread between the yields realized on risk-free and higher risk securities, resulting in illiquidity in parts of the capital markets. These and future market disruptions and/or illiquidity would be expected to have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Unfavorable economic conditions also would be expected to increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events have limited, and could continue to limit, our investment originations and/or our ability to grow, and they could have a material negative impact on our operating results and the fair values of our debt and equity investments. 
 Further, current market conditions may make it difficult for us to obtain debt capital on favorable terms and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. The debt capital that will be available to us in the future, if at all, 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 may be at a higher cost and on less favorable terms and conditions than what we would otherwise expect, including being at a higher cost in rising rate environments. If we are unable to raise debt, then our equity investors may not benefit from the potential for increased returns on equity resulting from leverage and we may be limited in our ability to make or fund commitments to portfolio companies. An inability to obtain indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 In past economic downturns, such as the financial crisis in the United States that began in mid-2007 and during other times of extreme market volatility, many commercial banks and other financial institutions stopped lending or significantly curtailed their lending activity. In addition, in an effort to stem losses and reduce their exposure to segments of the economy deemed to be high risk, some financial institutions limited routine refinancing and loan modification transactions and even reviewed the terms of existing facilities to identify bases for accelerating the maturity of existing lending facilities. If these conditions recur, for example as a result of rising interest rates or global conflict, it may be difficult for us to obtain desired financing to finance the growth of our investments on acceptable economic terms, or at all. 
 If we are unable to consummate credit facilities on commercially reasonable terms, our liquidity may be reduced significantly. If we are unable to repay amounts outstanding under our credit facilities or any facility we may enter into and are declared in default or are unable to renew or refinance any such facility, it would limit our ability to initiate significant originations or to operate our business in the normal course. These situations may arise due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as inaccessibility of the credit markets, a severe decline in the value of the U.S. dollar, a further economic downturn or an operational problem that affects third parties or us, and could materially damage our business. Moreover, we are unable to predict when economic and market conditions may become more favorable. Even if such conditions improve broadly and significantly over the long term, adverse conditions in particular sectors of the financial markets could adversely impact our business. 
 U.S. Credit Rating, the Debt Ceiling and Interest Rate Volatility 
 The U.S. debt ceiling and budget deficit concerns have increased the possibility of additional credit-rating downgrades and economic slowdowns, or a recession in the United States. U.S. lawmakers have passed legislation to raise the federal debt ceiling on multiple occasions, including, most recently in June 2023, which suspended the debt ceiling through early 2025, unless Congress takes legislative action to further extend or defer it. Despite taking action to suspend the debt ceiling, ratings, agencies have threatened to lower the long-term sovereign credit rating on the United States, including Fitch downgrading the U.S. government s long-term rating from AAA to AA+ in August 2023 and Moody s lowering the U.S. government s credit rating outlook from stable to negative in November 2023. 
 The impact of this or any further downgrades to the U.S. government's sovereign credit rating or its perceived creditworthiness could adversely affect the U.S. and global financial markets and economic conditions. Absent further quantitative easing by the Federal Reserve, these developments could cause interest rates and borrowing costs to rise, which may negatively impact our ability to access the debt markets on favorable terms. In addition, disagreement over the federal budget has caused the U.S. federal government to shut down for periods of time, and may lead to additional shutdowns in the future. Continued adverse political and economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Regulations Governing the Operations of BDCs 
 Our business requires a substantial amount of capital. We may acquire additional capital from the issuance of senior securities, including borrowing under a credit facility or other indebtedness. In addition, we may also issue additional equity capital. However, we may not be able to raise additional capital in the future on favorable terms or at all. 
 We may issue debt securities or preferred Units, and we may borrow money from banks or other financial institutions, which we refer to collectively as "senior securities", up to the maximum amount permitted by the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act, generally, permits BDCs to issue senior securities in amounts such that the BDC's asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 200 after each issuance of senior securities. The 1940 Act allows a BDC to increase the maximum amount of leverage it may incur from an asset coverage ratio of 200 to an asset coverage ratio of 150 , if certain requirements under the 1940 Act are met. If our asset coverage ratio is not at least 150 , we would be unable to issue senior securities, and if we had senior securities outstanding (other than any indebtedness issued in consideration of a privately arranged loan, such as any indebtedness outstanding under a credit facility), we would be unable to make distributions to the unitholders. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy this test. If that happens, we may be required to liquidate a portion of our investments and repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous. 
 In addition, we may in the future seek to securitize other portfolio securities to generate cash for funding new investments. To securitize loans, we would likely create a wholly owned subsidiary and contribute a pool of loans to the subsidiary. We would then sell interests in the subsidiary on a non recourse basis to purchasers and we would retain all or a portion of the equity in the subsidiary. If we are unable to successfully securitize our loan portfolio our ability to grow our business or fully execute our business strategy could be impaired and our earnings, if any, could decrease. The securitization 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 market is subject to changing market conditions, and we may not be able to access this market when it would be otherwise deemed appropriate. Moreover, the successful securitization of our portfolio might expose us to losses as the residual investments in which we do not sell interests will tend to be those that are riskier and more apt to generate losses. The 1940 Act also may impose restrictions on the structure of any securitization. 
 We may also obtain capital through the issuance of additional equity capital. As a BDC, we generally are not able to issue or sell our Units at a price below then-current net asset value per Unit. If the Units trade at a discount to our net asset value per Unit, this restriction could adversely affect our ability to raise equity capital. We may, however, sell the Units, or warrants, options or rights to acquire the Units, at a price below our net asset value per Unit if our Board and Independent Directors determine that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of the unitholders, and the unitholders approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in the determination of our Board, closely approximates the fair value of such securities (less any underwriting commission or discount). If we raise additional funds by issuing more Units, or if we issue senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, the Units, the percentage ownership of the unitholders may decline and you may experience dilution. 
 Changes in the laws or regulations or the interpretations of the laws and regulations that govern BDCs, RICs or non depository commercial lenders could significantly affect our operations and our cost of doing business. The portfolio companies are subject to U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations. New legislation may be enacted or new interpretations, rulings or regulations could be adopted, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, including with respect to the types of investments we are permitted to make, and your interests as unitholders potentially with retroactive effect. In addition, any changes to the laws and regulations governing our operations relating to permitted investments may cause us to alter our investment strategy in order to make available to ourselves, new or different opportunities. These changes could result in material changes to our strategies which may result in our investment focus shifting from the areas of expertise of the Investment Adviser to other types of investments in which the Investment Adviser may have less expertise or little or no experience. Any such changes, if they occur, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and, consequently, the value of your investment in us. 
 Over the last several years, there has been an increase in regulatory attention to the extension of credit outside of the traditional banking sector, raising the possibility that some portion of the non bank financial sector will be subject to new regulation. While it cannot be known at this time whether these regulations will be implemented or what form they will take, increased regulation of non bank credit extension could negatively impact our operations, cash flows or financial condition, impose additional costs on us, intensify the regulatory supervision of us or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 We may want to obtain additional debt financing, or need to do so upon maturity of our borrowings, in order to obtain funds which may be made available for investments. 
 The Unsecured Management Company Revolver is structured as a discretionary unsecured revolving credit facility. The maximum facility amount is 10.0 million. 
 The BMO Subscription Line permits us to borrow on a revolving credit basis an aggregate principal amount which cannot exceed 34.4 million. 
 As of December 31, 2023, there was no outstanding balance under the BMO Subscription Line or Unsecured Management Company Revolver. 
 In addition, if we are unable to repay amounts outstanding under any such facilities and are declared in default or are unable to renew or refinance these facilities, we may not be able to make new investments or operate our business in the normal course. These situations may arise due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as lack of access to the credit markets, a severe decline in the value of the U.S. dollar, an economic downturn or an operational problem that affects us or third parties, and could materially damage our business operations, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Fluctuations in our Annual and Quarterly Results 
 We could experience fluctuations in our annual and quarterly operating results due to a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including our ability or inability to make investments in companies that meet our investment criteria, the interest rate payable on the debt securities acquired and the default rate on such securities, the level of our expenses, variations in and the timing of the recognition of realized and unrealized gains or losses, the degree to which we encounter competition in the markets in which we operate and general economic conditions. As a result of these factors, results for any period should not be relied upon as being indicative of performance in future periods. 
 Exchange Act 
 Because the Units are registered under the Exchange Act, ownership information for any person who beneficially owns more than 5 of the Units will have to be disclosed in a Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G, as applicable, or other filings with the SEC. Beneficial ownership for these purposes is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and includes having 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 voting or investment power over the securities. In some circumstances, the unitholders who choose to reinvest their distributions may see their percentage stake in us increased to more than 5 , thus triggering this filing requirement. Each unitholder is responsible for determining their filing obligations and preparing the filings. In addition, the unitholders who hold more than 10 of a class of the Units may be subject to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, which recaptures for the benefit of our profits from the purchase and sale of registered stock within a six month period. 
 Sarbanes Oxley Act 
 We are obligated to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, including the internal control evaluation and certification requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will not be required to comply with all of the requirements under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act until the date (i) we are no longer an "emerging growth company" under the JOBS Act and (ii) we are a reporting company that does not meet the definition of an "accelerated filer" or a "large accelerated filer" under Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. We expect to remain an emerging growth company for up to five years following the completion of our initial public offering of common equity securities or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed 1.235 billion, (ii) December 31 of the fiscal year that we become a "large accelerated filer" as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act (which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, we have annual investment income of at least 100.0 million, we have been publicly reporting for at least 12 months and we have filed at least one Annual Report on Form 10-K) or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the preceding three-year period. There is currently no public market for our Units and one is not expected to develop. 
 Accordingly, our internal controls over financial reporting do not currently meet all of the standards contemplated by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act that we may eventually be required to meet. Specifically, we are required to conduct annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. However, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until the date (i) we are no longer an "emerging growth company" under the JOBS Act and (ii) we are a reporting company that meets the definition of an "accelerated filer" or a "large accelerated filer" under Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. If we are not able to implement the applicable requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, our operations, financial reporting or financial results could be adversely affected. Matters impacting our internal controls may cause us to be unable to report our financial information on a timely basis and thereby subject us to adverse regulatory consequences, including sanctions by the SEC, and result in a breach of the covenants under our credit facilities. Additionally, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal controls are effective. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm were to report a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports. This could materially adversely affect us. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations. Even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business and operating results could be harmed and we could fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. 
 "Emerging Growth Company" Under the JOBS Act 
 We are and will remain an "emerging growth company" as defined in the JOBS Act until the earlier of (a) the last day of the fiscal year (i) following the fifth anniversary of any exchange listing, (ii) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (iii) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer (which means the market value of our Units that are held by non affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the date of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, we have annual investment income of at least 100 million, we have been publicly reporting for at least 12 months and we have filed at least one Annual Report on Form 10-K), and (b) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non convertible debt during the prior three year period. There is currently no public market for our Units and one is not expected to develop. For so long as we remain an "emerging growth company," we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not "emerging growth companies" including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act. We cannot predict if investors will find our Units less attractive because we may rely on some or all of these exemptions. If some investors find our Units less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for the Units and the Unit price may be more volatile. 
 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an "emerging growth company" can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the 1933 Act for complying with new or revised accounting 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 standards. In other words, an "emerging growth company" can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We currently are and may to continue taking advantage of such extended transition periods. 
 OFAC and FCPA Considerations 
 Economic sanction laws in the United States and other jurisdictions may prohibit New Mountain Capital, New Mountain Capital's professionals and us from transacting with or in certain countries and with certain individuals and companies. In the United States, the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") administers and enforces laws, Executive Orders and regulations establishing U.S. economic and trade sanctions. Such sanctions prohibit, among other things, transactions with, and the provision of services to, certain foreign countries, territories, entities and individuals. These entities and individuals include specially designated nationals, specially designated narcotics traffickers and other parties subject to OFAC sanctions and embargo programs. The lists of OFAC prohibited countries, territories, persons and entities, including the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons, as such list may be amended from time to time, can be found on the OFAC website at www.treas.gov/ofac . In addition, certain programs administered by OFAC prohibit dealing with individuals or entities in certain countries regardless of whether such individuals or entities appear on the lists maintained by OFAC. These types of sanctions may significantly restrict our investment activities in certain emerging market countries. 
 In some countries, there is a greater acceptance than in the United States of government involvement in commercial activities, and of corruption. New Mountain Capital, the New Mountain Capital professionals and we are committed to complying with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") and other anti-corruption laws, anti bribery laws and regulations, as well as anti boycott regulations, to which they are subject. As a result, we may be adversely affected because of our unwillingness to participate in transactions that violate such laws or regulations. Such laws and regulations may make it difficult in certain circumstances for us to act successfully on investment opportunities and for portfolio investments to obtain or retain business. 
 In recent years, the U.S. Department of Justice and the SEC have devoted greater resources to enforcement of the FCPA. In addition, the United Kingdom has recently significantly expanded the reach of the UK Bribery Act of 2010 (the "UK Bribery Act"), which in some ways is broader in scope than the FCPA and applies to private and public sector corruption and holds companies liable for failure to prevent bribery unless they have adequate procedures in place to prevent bribery. While New Mountain Capital has developed and implemented a stringent compliance program designed to ensure strict compliance by New Mountain Capital, its personnel and senior advisors with the FCPA and the UK Bribery Act, even reasonable compliance programs may not prevent all instances of violations. In addition, in spite of New Mountain Capital's policies and procedures, affiliates of portfolio companies, particularly in cases where we or another New Mountain Capital product or vehicle does not control such portfolio company, and third party consultants, managers and advisors may engage in activities that could result in FCPA or UK Bribery Act violations. Any determination that New Mountain Capital has violated the FCPA, the UK Bribery Act, or other applicable anti corruption laws or anti bribery laws could subject New Mountain Capital and us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties, material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could adversely affect New Mountain Capital's business prospects and/or financial position, as well as our ability to achieve our investment objective and/or conduct our operations. We may incur costs and expenses associated with engaging external counsel or other third party consultants or professionals in connection with inquiries or investigations relating to FCPA or other applicable anti corruption laws or anti bribery laws. 
 Risks Associated with the European Union 
 The long term stability of certain European financial markets remains uncertain and difficult to predict. The possibility of a sovereign default, although more remote now than in years immediately following the crisis, remains a risk in countries where gross government debt, as a percentage of gross domestic product, remains relatively high by comparison to other EU countries, such as Greece, Italy, Cyprus and Portugal. A particularly high level of government debt may be unsustainable for a country that has, and continues to endure, weak economic growth, high unemployment, and has yet to benefit from longer term economic reforms. The possibility of default, however unlikely, could nevertheless have a material impact on economic conditions and market activity in the Eurozone and elsewhere in the EU. For example, default by a participating member state could in theory contribute to the collapse of the Eurozone as it is constituted today, resulting in the defaulting member state ceasing to use the Euro as its national currency, or even provide a stimulus for one or more member states may seek to withdraw from EU membership-any of which would likely have an adverse impact on us. Moreover, collapse of the Euro would likely have negative implications for the European financial industry and the global economy as a whole because of counterparty risks, exposures and other "systemic" risks. A potential effect would be an immediate reduction of liquidity for particular investments in economically connected countries, thereby impairing the value of such investments. Uncertain economic conditions generally affect markets adversely. Volatility in the global credit markets may make it more difficult for issuers and borrowers to obtain favorable financing or refinancing arrangements that may be needed to execute our investment strategy. Continuing uncertainty in the Eurozone could have an adverse effect on us by affecting the performance of our 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 investments (whether made in a country that is at greater risk of default or in a country that is economically connected) and our ability to fulfill our investment objectives. 
 U.S. and Worldwide Economic, Political, Regulatory and Financial Market Conditions. 
 In 2010, a financial crisis emerged in Europe, triggered by high budget deficits and rising direct and contingent sovereign debt, which created concerns about the ability of certain nations to continue to service their sovereign debt obligations. Risks resulting from such debt crisis, including any austerity measures taken in exchange for bailout of certain nations, and any future debt crisis in Europe or any similar crisis elsewhere could have a detrimental impact on the global economic recovery, sovereign and non-sovereign debt in certain countries and the financial condition of financial institutions generally. On January 31, 2020, the United Kingdom (the "UK") ended its membership in the European Union ("Brexit"). Under the terms of the withdrawal agreement negotiated and agreed between the UK and the European Union, the UK's departure from the European Union was followed by a transition period (the "Transition Period"), which ran until December 31, 2020 and during which the UK continued to apply European Union law and was treated for all material purposes as if it were still a member of the European Union. On December 24, 2020, the European Union and UK governments signed a trade deal that became provisionally effective on January 1, 2021 and that now governs the relationship between the UK and European Union (the "Trade Agreement"). The Trade Agreement implements significant regulation around trade, transport of goods and travel restrictions between the UK and the European Union. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the longer term economic, legal, political and social implications of Brexit are unclear at this stage and are likely to continue to lead to ongoing political and economic uncertainty and periods of increased volatility in both the UK and in wider European markets for some time. In particular, Brexit could lead to calls for similar referendums in other European jurisdictions, which could cause increased economic volatility in the European and global markets. This mid- to long-term uncertainty could have adverse effects on the economy generally and on our ability to earn attractive returns. In particular, currency volatility could mean that our returns are adversely affected by market movements and could make it more difficult, or more expensive, for us to execute prudent currency hedging policies. Potential decline in the value of the British Pound and/or the Euro against other currencies, along with the potential further downgrading of the UK's sovereign credit rating, could also have an impact on the performance of certain investments made in the UK or Europe. 
 Inflation 
 Inflation may affect our investments adversely in a number of ways. During periods of rising inflation, interest and distribution rates of any instruments we or entities related to portfolio investments may have issued could increase. Inflationary expectations or periods of rising inflation could also be accompanied by the rising prices of commodities which are critical to the operation of portfolio companies. Portfolio companies may have fixed income streams and, therefore, be unable to pay the interest amounts and other payments on our portfolio investments. The fair value of such investments may decline in value in times of higher inflation rates. Some of our portfolio investments may have income linked to inflation through contractual rights or other means. However, as inflation may affect both income and expenses, any increase in income may not be sufficient to cover increases in expenses. 
 Governmental efforts to curb inflation often have negative effects on the level of economic activity. In an attempt to stabilize inflation, certain countries have imposed wage and price controls at times. Past governmental efforts to curb inflation have also involved more drastic economic measures that have had a materially adverse effect on the level of economic activity in the countries where such measures were employed. Certain countries, including the U.S., have recently seen increased levels of inflation and there can be no assurance that continued and more wide-spread inflation will not become a serious problem in the future and have an adverse impact on our returns. There can be no assurance that continued and more wide-spread inflation in the U.S. and/or other economies will not become a more serious problem in the future and have a material adverse impact on our returns. 
 Inability to Deploy Capital Commitments 
 We may experience delays in investing our Capital Commitments, which may cause our performance to be worse than the performance of other investment vehicles with investment programs that are similar to our investment objectives. The Investment Adviser may not be able to identify a sufficient number of potential investments that meet our investment objectives or ensure that any investment that us makes will produce a positive return. The Investment Adviser may be unable to invest all of our Capital Commitments on acceptable terms within the Investment Period, which would reduce the returns to us. 
 Conversely, we may deploy a significant amount of or majority of our aggregate Capital Commitments over a short period of time, which would increase the likelihood that we will be adversely impacted by market dislocations, economic shocks, recessions, depressions and other similar market downturns. This, in turn, could leave an insufficient amount of remaining capital available to us to seek to invest opportunistically during and after such downturn. In such circumstances, our performance may be worse than the performance of other investment vehicles with investment programs that are similar to our investment objectives that make their investments over a longer period of time and therefore are both less heavily invested during such downturn, and more readily able to invest during and after such downturns. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Enhanced Scrutiny and Potential Regulation of the Private Investment Fund Industry 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objectives, as well as our ability to conduct our operations, is based on laws and regulations, as well as their interpretation, which are subject to change through legislative, judicial or administrative action. Future legislative, judicial or administrative action could adversely affect our ability to achieve our investment objectives, as well as our ability to conduct our operations. Furthermore, if regulatory capital requirements from the Dodd Frank Act, Basel III, or other regulatory action are imposed on private lenders that provide us with financing (as defined below), the lenders may be required to limit, or increase the cost of, financing they provide to us. Among other things, this could potentially increase our financing costs and reduce our liquidity or require us to sell assets at an inopportune time or price. 
 There continues to be significant discussion regarding enhancing governmental scrutiny and/or increasing the regulation of the financial industry. On July 21, 2010, then President Obama signed into law the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd Frank Act"). A key feature of the Dodd Frank Act is the potential extension of prudential regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve") to nonbank financial companies that are not currently subject to such regulation but that are determined to pose risk to the U.S. financial system. The Dodd Frank Act defines a "nonbank financial company" as a company that is predominantly engaged in activities that are financial in nature. The Financial Stability Oversight Council (the "FSOC"), an interagency body created to monitor and address systemic risk, has the authority to subject such a company to supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve (including capital, leverage and liquidity requirements) if it determines that such company is systemically important, in that it poses a risk to the U.S. financial system. The Dodd Frank Act does not contain any minimum size requirements for such a determination by the FSOC, and it is possible that it could be applied to private funds, particularly large, highly leveraged funds, although no such funds have been designated as systemically important by the FSOC to date. 
 The Dodd Frank Act also imposes a number of restrictions on the relationship and activities of banking organizations with private investment funds and other provisions that have affected the private investment fund industry, either directly or indirectly. Included in the Dodd Frank Act is the so called "Volcker Rule," which contains restrictions on certain investors that are (or that have affiliates or certain interest in any entity that is) a bank or a bank related entity and/or have a connection to the United States in that regard from making and holding certain interests in private investment funds. 
 The Dodd Frank Act, as well as future related legislation, may have an adverse effect on the private investment fund industry generally and/or on New Mountain Capital or us, specifically. Therefore, there can be no assurance that any continued regulatory scrutiny or initiatives will not have an adverse impact on New Mountain Capital or otherwise impede our activities. These reforms and/or other similar legislation could increase our compliance costs and have an adverse effect on the private fund industry generally and/or on New Mountain Capital and us. 
 The current regulatory environment in the United States may be impacted by future legislative developments, such as amendments to key provisions of the Dodd Frank Act. On June 12, 2017, the U.S. Department of the Treasury issued recommendations for streamlining banking regulation and changing key features of the Dodd Frank Act and other measures taken by regulators following the most recent financial crisis. 
 As a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act, the Investment Adviser is required to comply with a variety of periodic reporting and compliance related obligations under applicable federal and state securities laws (including, without limitation, the obligation of the Investment Adviser and its affiliates to make regulatory filings with respect to us and our activities under the Advisers Act (including, without limitation, Form PF and Form ADV)). In addition, the Investment Adviser is required to comply with a variety of regulatory reporting and compliance related obligations under applicable federal, state and foreign securities laws (including, without limitation, reports or notices in connection with the Directive (as defined below) and/or CFTC as well as other international jurisdiction specific obligations). In light of the heightened regulatory environment in which we and the Investment Adviser operate and the ever increasing regulations applicable to private investment funds and their investment advisors, it has become increasingly expensive and time consuming for us, the Investment Adviser and its affiliates to comply with such regulatory reporting and compliance related obligations. Additionally, we may in the future engage additional third party service providers to perform some or a significant portion of the reporting and compliance related matters and functions under our supervision (including draft preparation and the filing of Form PF), which could result in increased compliance costs and expenses. Any further increases in the regulations applicable to private investment funds generally or us and/or the Investment Adviser in particular may result in increased expenses associated with our activities and additional resources of the Investment Adviser being devoted to such regulatory reporting and compliance related obligations, which may reduce overall returns for the unitholders and/or have an adverse effect on our ability to effectively achieve our investment objective. 
 Finally, increased reporting, registration and compliance requirements may divert the attention of personnel and the management teams of New Mountain Capital and/or portfolio companies, and may furthermore place us at a competitive disadvantage to the extent that New Mountain Capital or portfolio companies are required to disclose sensitive business information. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
 The European Union Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the "Directive") as transposed into national law within the member states of the European Economic Area ("EEA"), imposes requirements on non EEA alternative investment fund managers ("AIFMs") who intend to market alternative investment funds ("AIFs") to investors within the EEA. 
 The Directive allows member states to permit the marketing of non EEA AIFs by non EEA AIFMs in accordance with local laws, provided that local laws meet the requirements of Article 42 (the so called national private placement regimes). There is no requirement for member states to operate or maintain a national private placement regime and, if they do, the member state is free to impose stricter rules than the minimum requirements. In summary, under Article 42, the AIFM must: (i) provide prescribed pre investment disclosures to investors; (ii) report prescribed information to regulators on a periodic basis; (iii) prepare an annual report containing prescribed information and make it available to investors and regulators; and (iv) if applicable: (a) comply with notification and disclosure requirements in relation to the acquisition and control of non listed companies and issuers; and (b) restrict early distributions or reductions in capital in respect of portfolio companies (the asset stripping rules). 
 In addition, there must be appropriate cooperation arrangements in place between the competent authorities of the relevant countries, and neither the country where the AIFM is established nor the country where the AIF is established can be listed as a non cooperative country and territory by the Financial Action Task Force (the "FATF"). 
 At present, some EEA states do not operate a national private placement regime at all; some member states apply the minimum requirements described above; others require the minimum plus, e.g., the appointment of a depositary; and some require compliance with substantially all of the Directive. 
 Where the Investment Adviser has marketed us in a member state resulting in investors from that member state investing in us, the Investment Adviser's ongoing compliance with the laws of that member state will continue until all of such investors dispose of their interests in us. 
 The Directive has the potential to adversely affect our operations by (i) limiting the territories in the EEA in which we may seek investors, (ii) affecting the range of investment and realization strategies that we are able to pursue, (iii) disadvantaging us vis vis non AIF competitors, and (iv) materially adding to the costs associated with compliance, monitoring and reporting over our life. 
 In the future, the Investment Adviser may be compelled to seek, or it may determine that it should seek, authorization as an AIFM in an EEA member state (should that option become available) or under a similar regime elsewhere. This would entail compliance with all requirements of the AIFMD (or with similar requirements of a similar regime). Alternatively, it might be determined in the future that we should be managed by an associate of the Investment Adviser that is an authorized AIFM and has its registered office in an EEA member state. In either circumstance, the AIFM would become subject to additional requirements, such as rules relating to remuneration, minimum regulatory capital requirements, restrictions on the use of leverage, requirements in relation to liquidity, risk management, valuation of assets, etc. Such requirements could adversely affect us, among other things by increasing the regulatory burden and costs of operating and managing us and our investments. Any required changes to compensation structures and practices could make it harder for the AIFM and its associates to recruit and retain key personnel. 
 The interpretation and application of the Directive is subject to change as a result of, e.g., the issuance of further national guidance by a member state, the issuance of binding guidelines by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA"), further legislation supplementing the Directive, or a change in the national private placement regime of any member state. Compliance with the Directive could expose the Investment Adviser and/or us to conflicting regulatory requirements in the United States. 
 We will bear the costs and expenses of compliance with the Directive and any related regulations, including costs and expenses of collecting and calculating data and the preparation of regular reports to be filed with EEA member states. 
 The offer of our interests, insofar as such interests can be offered to investors domiciled or established in a member state of the EEA (as described above) is restricted to professional investors. A professional investor is an investor that is considered to be a "professional client", or who may, on request, be treated as a "professional client" within the meaning of Annex II to the MiFID II. Notwithstanding that all marketing activity of the Investment Adviser toward investors domiciled or established in the EEA shall be directed at investors who qualify as professional clients, such investors are not a "client" of the Investment Adviser. The Investment Adviser is not advising or making a recommendation to investors or prospective investors with respect to an investment in us and the Investment Adviser will not be responsible for providing protections that would otherwise be provided in an advisory client relationship. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Registration under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act 
 Registration with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") as a "commodity pool operator" or any change in our operations necessary to maintain the Investment Adviser's ability to rely upon an exemption from registration could adversely affect our ability to implement our investment program, conduct our operations and/or achieve our objectives and subject us to certain additional costs, expenses and administrative burdens. Furthermore, any determination by the Investment Adviser to cease or to limit investing in interests which may be treated as "commodity interests" in order to comply with the regulations of the CFTC may have a material adverse effect on our ability to implement our investment objectives and to hedge risks associated with our operations. 
 Replacement of LIBOR 
 LIBOR, the London Interbank Offered Rate, is an index rate that historically was widely used in lending transactions and was a common reference rate for setting the floating interest rate on private loans. LIBOR was typically the reference rate used in floating-rate loans extended to our portfolio companies. 
 The ICE Benchmark Administration ("IBA") (the entity that is responsible for calculating LIBOR) ceased providing overnight, one, three, six and twelve months USD LIBOR tenors on June 30, 2023. In addition, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA"), which oversees the IBA, now prohibits entities supervised by the FCA from using LIBORs, including USD LIBOR, except in very limited circumstances. 
 In the United States, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") is the preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. SOFR is a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight, collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities, and is based on directly observable U.S. Treasury-backed repurchase transactions. SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York each U.S. Government Securities Business Day, for transactions made on the immediately preceding US. Government Securities Business Day. Alternative reference rates that have replaced LIBOR, including SOFR for USD transactions, may not yield the same or similar economic results as LIBOR over the lives of such transactions. 
 Substantially all of our loans that referenced LIBOR have been amended to reference the forward-looking term rate published by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited based on the secured overnight financing rate ("CME Term SOFR"). CME Term SOFR rates are forward-looking rates that are derived by compounding projected overnight SOFR rates over one, three, and six months taking into account the values of multiple consecutive, executed, one-month and three-month CME Group traded SOFR futures contracts and, in some cases, over-the-counter SOFR Overnight Indexed Swaps as an indicator of CME Term SOFR reference rate values. CME Term SOFR and the inputs on which it is based are derived from SOFR. Since CME Term SOFR is a relatively new market rate, there will likely be no established trading market for credit agreements or other financial instruments when they are issued, and an established market may never develop or may not be liquid. Market terms for instruments referencing CME Term SOFR rates may be lower than those of later-issued CME Term SOFR indexed instruments. Similarly, if CME Term SOFR does not prove to be widely used, the trading price of instruments referencing CME Term SOFR may be lower than those of instruments indexed to indices that are more widely used. 
 Legal, Tax and Regulatory Risks 
 Legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur during our term that may adversely affect us, our portfolio companies or unitholders. For example, from time to time the market for private investment transactions has been adversely affected by a decrease in the availability of senior and subordinated financing for transactions, in part in response to regulatory pressures on providers of financing to reduce or eliminate their exposure to such transactions. 
 Antitrust or other regulatory requirements may impose filing fees and other additional expenses on us and may adversely affect our ability to acquire or dispose of investment positions. We and/or the Investment Adviser may also be subject to regulation in jurisdictions in which we and/or the Investment Adviser engage in business. The regulatory environment for private investment funds is evolving, and changes in the regulation of private investment funds may adversely affect the value of investments held by us and our ability to effectively employ our investment strategies. Increased scrutiny and legislative changes applicable to private investment funds and their sponsors may also impose significant administrative burdens on the Investment Adviser and may divert time and attention from portfolio management activities. The effect of any future regulatory change on us could be substantial and adverse. In addition, the securities and futures markets are subject to comprehensive statutes, regulations and margin requirements. The SEC, other regulators and self regulatory organizations and exchanges are authorized to take extraordinary actions in the event of market emergencies. The regulation of derivatives transactions and funds that engage in such transactions is an evolving area of law and is subject to modification by government and judicial action. 
 Investors in us should understand that our business is dynamic and may change over time. Therefore, we may be subject to new or additional regulatory constraints in the future. This Annual Report on Form 10-K cannot address or anticipate every possible current or future regulation that may affect the Investment Adviser, us or their investments. Such regulations may have a significant impact on the unitholders or our operations, including, without limitation, restricting the types of 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 investments we may make, preventing us from exercising our voting rights with regard to certain financial instruments, requiring us to disclose the identity of our investors or otherwise. The Investment Adviser may, in its sole discretion, cause us to be subject to such regulations if it believes that an investment or business activity is in our interest, even if such regulations may have a detrimental effect on one or more unitholders. Prospective investors are encouraged to consult their own advisors regarding an investment in us. 
 Tax Consequences 
 There is a risk that the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") will not concur as to the tax consequences of an investment in us. 
 The IRS may audit us and challenge any of the positions taken in regard to our formation, our investments or operations, and such audit may result in an audit of a unitholder's own tax returns and possibly adjustments to the tax liability reflected thereon. 
 Although we intend to qualify annually as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, no assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain or maintain our RIC tax treatment. To maintain RIC tax treatment and be relieved of U.S. federal income taxes on income and gains distributed to the unitholders, we must meet the annual distribution, source of income and asset diversification requirements described below. 
 The annual distribution requirement will be satisfied if we distribute dividends to the unitholders during the taxable year equal to at least 90.0 of our investment company taxable income (as that term is defined in the Code, but determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid) plus 90.0 of our net interest income excludable under Section 103(a) of the Code. Because we use debt financing, we are subject to an asset coverage ratio requirement under the 1940 Act, and we may be subject to certain financial covenants contained in debt financing agreements (as applicable). This asset coverage ratio requirement and these financial covenants could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions to the unitholders, which distributions are necessary for us to satisfy the annual distribution requirement. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources and thus are unable to make sufficient distributions to the unitholders, we could fail to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC and thus become subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates (and any applicable state and local taxes). 
 The source of income requirement will be satisfied if at least 90.0 of our gross income for each taxable year is derived from (a) dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, and gains from the sale or other disposition of stock or securities or foreign currencies, or fee income (including but not limited to gains from options, futures or forward contracts) derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock, securities, or currencies, and (b) net income derived from a Qualified Publicly Traded Partnership. 
 The asset diversification requirement will be satisfied if, at the end of each quarter of each taxable year, we diversify our holdings so that (a) at least 50.0 of the value of our total assets is represented by cash and cash items (including receivables), U.S. government securities and securities of other RICs, and other securities for purposes of this calculation limited, in respect of any one issuer to an amount not greater in value than 5.0 of our total assets, and to not more than 10.0 of the outstanding voting securities of such issuer, and (b) not more than 25.0 of the value of our total assets is invested in the securities (other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs) of (I) any one issuer, (II) any two or more issuers that we control and which are determined to be engaged in the same or similar trades or businesses or related trades or businesses or (III) any one or more Qualified Publicly Traded Partnerships. Failure to meet these requirements may result in us having to dispose of certain investments quickly to prevent losing our RIC tax treatment. Because most of our investments are intended to be in private companies, and therefore may be relatively illiquid, any such dispositions could be made at disadvantageous prices and could result in substantial losses. 
 If we fail to obtain and maintain our RIC tax treatment for any reason, and we do not qualify for certain relief provisions under the Code, we would be subject to corporate level U.S. federal income tax (and any applicable state and local taxes). In this event, the resulting taxes could substantially reduce our members' capital, the amount of cash available for distribution, and the amount of our distributions, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 
 Taxable Income in Excess of Cash 
 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, we include in our taxable income our allocable share of certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as original issue discount, which may occur if we receive warrants in connection with the origination of a loan or possibly in other circumstances if we earn PIK interest, which generally represents contractual interest added to the loan balance and due at the end of the loan term. Our allocable share of such original issue discount and PIK interest is included in our taxable income before we receive any corresponding cash payments. We may also be required to include in our taxable income our allocable share of certain other amounts that we will not receive in cash. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Because in certain cases we may recognize taxable income before or without receiving cash representing such income, we may have difficulty making distributions to the unitholders that will be sufficient to enable us to meet the annual distribution requirement necessary for us to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC. Accordingly, we may need to sell some of our assets at times and/or at prices that we would not consider advantageous. We may need to raise additional equity or debt capital, or we may need to forego new investment opportunities or otherwise take actions that are disadvantageous to our business (or be unable to take actions that are advantageous to our business) to enable us to make distributions to the unitholders that will be sufficient to enable us to meet the annual distribution requirement. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources to enable us to meet the annual distribution requirement, we may fail to qualify for the U.S. federal income tax benefits allowable to RICs and, thus, become subject to a corporate level U.S. federal income tax (and any applicable state and local taxes). 
 Corporate level Income Tax 
 We may invest in certain debt and equity investments through taxable subsidiaries and the taxable income of these taxable subsidiaries will be subject to U.S. federal and state corporate income taxes. We may invest in certain foreign debt and equity investments which could be subject to foreign taxes (such as income tax, withholding and value added taxes). 
 Special Tax Issues 
 We expect to invest in debt securities that are rated below investment grade by rating agencies or that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. Investments in these types of instruments may present special tax issues for us. U.S. federal income tax rules are not entirely clear about issues such as when we may cease to accrue interest, original issue discount or market discount, when and to what extent deductions may be taken for bad debts or worthless instruments, how payments received on obligations in default should be allocated between principal and income and whether exchanges of debt obligations in a bankruptcy or workout context are taxable. These and other issues will be addressed by us, to the extent necessary, to preserve our status as a RIC and to distribute sufficient income to not become subject to U.S. federal income tax. 
 Publicly Offered Regulated Investment Company 
 We do not currently qualify as a "publicly offered regulated investment company", as defined in the Code. Accordingly, U.S. individual and other noncorporate unitholders will be taxed as though they received a distribution of some of our expenses. A "publicly offered regulated investment company" is a RIC whose Units are either (i) continuously offered pursuant to a public offering, (ii) regularly traded on an established securities market, or (iii) held by at least 500 persons at all times during the taxable year. We anticipate that we will not qualify as a publicly offered RIC for the 2023 tax year, and we cannot determine when we will qualify as a publicly offered RIC. Since we are not a publicly offered RIC, a non-corporate unitholder's allocable portion of our affected expenses, including a portion of our management fees, will be treated as an additional distribution to the unitholders. A non-corporate unitholder's allocable portion of these expenses are treated as miscellaneous itemized deductions that are not currently deductible by such unitholder (and beginning in 2026, will be deductible to such unitholder only to the extent they exceed 2 of such unitholder's adjusted gross income), and are not deductible for alternative minimum tax purposes. 
 Possible Legislative or Other Developments 
 All statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences of any investment in us are based upon current law and the interpretations thereof. Therefore, no assurance can be given that the currently anticipated U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in us will not be modified by legislative, judicial or administrative changes, possibly with retroactive effect, to the detriment of the unitholders. Additionally, tax authorities in jurisdictions where we maintain investments may materially change their tax laws so as to materially increase the tax burden associated with an investment in us or to force or attempt to force increased disclosure from or about us and/or our unitholders as to the identity of all persons having a direct or indirect interest in us. Such additional disclosure may take the form of additional filing requirements on unitholders. 
 Potential Tax Reform Legislation 
 Legislative or other actions relating to taxes could have a negative effect on us. The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department. The Biden Administration has proposed significant changes to the existing U.S. tax rules, and there are a number of proposals in Congress that would similarly modify the existing U.S. tax rules. The likelihood of any such legislation being enacted is uncertain, but new legislation and any U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions interpreting such legislation could have adverse consequences, including significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC or otherwise impact the U.S. federal income tax consequences applicable to us and our stockholders of such qualification, or could have other adverse consequences. 
 Stockholders are urged to consult with their tax advisor regarding tax legislative, regulatory, or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our securities. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Taxation in Other Jurisdictions 
 If we make portfolio investments in a jurisdiction outside the United States, we may be subject to income or other tax in that jurisdiction. Any tax incurred in non United States jurisdictions by us or vehicles through which it invests generally will not be creditable to or deductible by the unitholders. 
 ERISA Considerations 
 The Investment Adviser will use reasonable efforts to avoid having our assets constitute "plan assets" of any plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") or Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. In this regard the Investment Adviser intends to limit investment in the Units by "benefit plan investors" to less than 25 of the total value of each class of equity interests in us (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations), in which case we may decline to accept subscriptions from, or approve transfers of Units to, certain investors in order to limit equity participation by benefit plan investors in us to less than 25 of the total value of each class of equity interests in us. 
 Risk Arising from Potential Control Group Liability 
 Under ERISA, upon the termination of a tax qualified single employer defined benefit pension plan, the sponsoring employer and all members of its "controlled group" will be jointly and severally liable for 100 of the plan's unfunded benefit liabilities whether or not the controlled group members have ever maintained or participated in the plan. In addition, the U.S. Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (the "PBGC") may assert a lien with respect to such liability against any member of the controlled group on up to 30 of the collective net worth of all members of the controlled group. Similarly, in the event a participating employer partially or completely withdraws from a multiemployer (union) defined benefit pension plan, any withdrawal liability incurred under ERISA will represent a joint and several liability of the withdrawing employer and each member of its controlled group. 
 A "controlled group" includes all "trades or businesses" under 80 or greater common ownership. This common ownership test is broadly applied to include both "parent subsidiary groups" and "brother sister groups" applying complex exclusion and constructive ownership rules. However, regardless of the percentage ownership that we hold in one or more of our portfolio companies, we ourselves cannot be considered part of an ERISA controlled group unless we are considered to be a "trade or business." 
 While there are a number of cases that have held that managing investments is not a "trade or business" for tax purposes, in 2007 the PBGC Appeals Board ruled that a private equity fund was a "trade or business" for ERISA controlled group liability purposes and at least one U.S. Federal Circuit Court has similarly concluded that a private equity fund could be a trade or business for these purposes based upon a number of factors including the fund's level of involvement in the management of our portfolio companies and the nature of any management fee arrangements. 
 If we were determined to be a trade or business for purposes of ERISA, it is possible, depending upon the structure of the investment by us and/or our affiliates and other co investors in a portfolio company and their respective ownership interests in the portfolio company, that any tax qualified single employer defined benefit pension plan liabilities and/or multiemployer plan withdrawal liabilities incurred by the portfolio company could result in liability being incurred by us, with a resulting need for additional capital contributions, the appropriation of our assets to satisfy such pension liabilities and/or the imposition of a lien by the PBGC on certain of our assets. Moreover, regardless of whether or not we were determined to be a trade or business for purposes of ERISA, a court might hold that one of our portfolio companies could become jointly and severally liable for another portfolio company's unfunded pension liabilities pursuant to the ERISA "controlled group" rules, depending upon the relevant investment structures and ownership interests as noted above. 
 Pay To Play Laws, Regulations and Policies 
 In light of controversies and highly publicized incidents involving money managers, a number of states and municipal pension plans have adopted so called "pay to play" laws, regulations or policies which prohibit, restrict or require disclosure of payments to (and/or certain contacts with) state officials by individuals and entities seeking to do business with state entities, including investments by public retirement funds. The SEC also has adopted rules that, among other things, prohibit an investment advisor from providing advisory services for compensation with respect to a government plan investor for two years after the advisor or certain of its executives or employees make a contribution to certain elected officials or candidates. If the Investment Adviser or its employees or affiliates fail to comply with such pay to play laws, regulations or policies, such non compliance could have an adverse effect on us by, for example, providing the basis for the withdrawal of the affected government plan investor. 
 Contingent Liabilities 
 Most of our investments involve private securities. In connection with the disposition of an investment in private securities, we may be required to make representations about the business and financial affairs of the portfolio company typical 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 of those made in connection with the sale of a business. We may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment to the extent that any such representations turn out to be inaccurate or with respect to certain potential liabilities. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities that ultimately yield funding obligations that must be satisfied through our return of certain distributions previously made to us. 
 Legal, Regulatory and Policy Changes 
 Following the November 2022 elections in the United States, the Democratic Party controls the Presidency and the Senate, with the Republican Party controlling the House of Representatives. Despite political tensions and uncertainty, changes in federal policy, including tax policies, and at regulatory agencies are expected to occur over time through policy and personnel changes, which may lead to changes involving the level of oversight and focus on the financial services industry or the tax rates paid by corporate entities. The nature, timing and economic and political effects of potential changes to the current legal and regulatory framework affecting financial institutions remain highly uncertain. Uncertainty surrounding future changes may adversely affect our operating environment and therefore our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 We rely on the cybersecurity policies and procedures implemented by New Mountain Capital. New Mountain Capital has processes in place for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from potential unauthorized occurrences on or through our electronic information systems that could adversely affect the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our information systems or the information residing on those systems. These include a wide variety of controls, processes, systems, and tools that are designed to prevent, detect, or mitigate data loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, or other security incidents or vulnerabilities affecting our data. Pursuant to New Mountain Capital's Information Security Program, the New Mountain Capital Information Technology Steering Committee ITSC is responsible for the development, evolution, and implementation of policies and technical measures to reasonably prevent security incidents. At times New Mountain Capital may also engage assessors, consultants, auditors, or other third parties to assist with assessing, identifying, and managing cybersecurity risks. 
 New Mountain Capital uses processes to oversee and identify material risks from cybersecurity threats, including those associated with the use of third-party service providers. Additionally, New Mountain Capital uses systems and processes designed to reduce the impact of a security incident at a third-party service provider. As part of its risk management process, New Mountain Capital also maintains an incident response plan that is utilized when cybersecurity incidents impacting us, our Investment Adviser, or our Administrator are detected. New Mountain Capital also requires that all employees, including employees of the Investment Adviser and Administrator, complete interactive security awareness training on an annual basis. 
 Material Impact of Cybersecurity Risks 
 As of the date of this report, we are not aware of any material risks from cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, future incidents could have a material impact on our business. Additional information about cybersecurity risks we face is discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors Cybersecurity Breaches, Identity Theft and Other Disasters, which should be read in conjunction with the information above 
 Governance 
 Our cybersecurity risks and associated mitigations are evaluated by our management and the ITSC as needed, but no less frequently than annually. Management and representatives of the ITSC periodically report to our board of directors on developments to the information security and cybersecurity risks we face. Reports include, among other things, an overview of New Mountain Capital's controls and procedures related to assessing, identifying, and managing risks related to cybersecurity threats, oversight of third-party service providers and related cybersecurity threats, and management s evaluation of cybersecurity risks material to us. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operations. Our principal executive offices are located at 1633 Broadway, 48th Floor, New York, New York 10019, where we occupy our office space pursuant to our Administration Agreement with the Administrator. The office space is shared with our Investment Adviser, our Administrator and New Mountain Capital. We believe that our current office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as currently conducted. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Neither we nor the Investment Adviser are currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or the Investment Adviser as of December 31, 2023. From time to time, we or the Investment Adviser may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under loans to or other contracts with our portfolio companies. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our outstanding Units have been and will be offered and sold in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act under Section 4(a)(2) and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. See " Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. There is currently no public market for the Units, and we do not expect one to develop. 
 Because the Units are being acquired by investors in one or more transactions "not involving a public offering," they are "restricted securities" and may be required to be held indefinitely. Our Units may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise disposed of unless (i) our consent is granted, and (ii) the Units are registered under applicable securities laws or specifically exempted from registration (in which case the unitholder may, at our option, be required to provide us with a legal opinion, in form and substance satisfactory to us, that registration is not required). Accordingly, an investor must be willing to bear the economic risk of investment in the Units until we are liquidated. No sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or other disposition, whether voluntary or involuntary, of Units may be made except by registration of the transfer on our books. Each transferee will be required to execute an instrument agreeing to be bound by these restrictions and the other restrictions imposed on the Units and to execute such other instruments or certifications as are reasonably required by us. 
 Unitholders 
 As of March 5, 2024, there were 8 holders of record of our Units. 
 Valuation of Portfolio Securities 
 Please see Item 1. Business Valuation of Portfolio Securities in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for disclosure regarding valuation of portfolio securities. 
 Distributions 
 We generally intend to distribute substantially all of our available earnings annually by paying distributions of our net investment income and cumulative net realized capital gains (if any) on a quarterly basis, as determined by our Board in its discretion. 
 Reinvestment and Recycling of Capital 
 Subject to the requirements of Section 852(a) of Subchapter M of the Code and the terms of any borrowings or other financings or similar obligations, proceeds realized by us from the sale or repayment of any investment (as opposed to investment income) during the Investment Period may be retained and be used by us for purposes of making investments or paying management fees, incentive fees, or our expenses. Any amounts so reinvested will not reduce an investor's unused capital commitment. 
 Reports to Unitholders 
 We plan to furnish or make available to our unitholders an annual report for each fiscal year ending December 31 containing financial statements audited by our independent registered public accounting firm. Additionally, we intend to comply with the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 The following table summarizes the total Units issued and proceeds received related to capital drawdowns delivered pursuant to the Subscription Agreements for the period from November 4, 2022 (inception) to December 31, 2023. The Units were issued and sold in reliance upon the available exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including Section 4(a)(2) and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. Unit Issue Date Units Issued Aggregate Offering Price (in millions) December 31, 2023 May 16, 2023 100 0.0 June 14, 2023 1,049,900 10.5 September 29, 2023 1,170,000 11.7 October 31, 2023 3,330,000 33.3 November 8, 2023 1,337,500 13.4 December 29, 2023 3,672,500 36.7 10,560,000 105.6 
 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The information in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations relates to New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. ("we", "us", "our", "GIV Income" or the "Company"). 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the financial data and financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (including in the following discussion) constitute forward-looking statements, which relate to future events or our future performance or our financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained in this section involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including: 
 statements concerning the impact of a protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets; 
 the general economy, including interest and inflation rates; 
 the impact of interest rate volatility, including the replacement of LIBOR with alternative rates and rising interest rates, on our business and our portfolio companies; 
 our future operating results, our business prospects, and the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; 
 the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 
 our ability to make investments consistent with our investment objectives, including with respect to the size, nature and terms of our investments; 
 the ability of New Mountain Finance Advisers BDC, L.L.C. (the "Investment Adviser") or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 
 actual and potential conflicts of interest with the Investment Adviser and New Mountain Capital Group, L.P. (together with New Mountain Capital, L.L.C. and its affiliates, "New Mountain Capital") whose ultimate owners include Steven B. Klinsky, other current and former New Mountain Capital professionals and related vehicles, and a minority investor; and 
 the risk factors set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors, contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Forward-looking statements are identified by their use of such terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "continue", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "potential", "project", "seek", "should", "target", "will", "would" or similar expressions. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We have based the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on information available to us on the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We assume no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we have filed or in the future may file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), including annual reports on Form 10-K, registration statements on Form 10, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K . 
 
 Overview 
 We are a Delaware limited liability company formed on November 4, 2022. We are a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company ("BDC") under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"). We intend to elect to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and intend to continue to qualify annually thereafter, as a regulated investment company ("RIC") under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). 
 The Investment Adviser is a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Mountain Capital. New Mountain Capital is a global investment firm with approximately 50 billion of assets under management and a track record of investing in the middle market. New Mountain Capital focuses on investing in defensive growth companies across its private equity, credit and net lease investment strategies. The Investment Adviser manages our day-to-day operations and provides us with investment advisory and management services. The Investment Adviser also manages other funds that may have investment mandates that are similar, in whole or in part, to ours. New Mountain Finance Administration, L.L.C. (the "Administrator"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Mountain Capital, provides the administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. The Administrator has hired a third-party sub-administrator to assist with the provision of administrative services. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 We conducted a private offering (the "Private Offering") of units of our limited liability company interests (the "Units") to investors in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). Units will be offered for subscription continuously throughout the Closing Period (as defined below). Each investor in the Private Offering made a capital commitment (each, a "Capital Commitment") to purchase Units pursuant to a subscription agreement entered into with us (a "Subscription Agreement"). We expect closings of the Private Offering will occur, from time to time, in the Investment Adviser's sole discretion, during the 18-month period (the "Closing Period") following the initial closing of Capital Commitments, which occurred on May 23, 2023. We may accept and draw down on Capital Commitments from investors throughout the Closing Period and may draw down on Capital Commitments after the Closing Period. We commenced our loan origination and investment activities on May 24, 2023. The investment period began on May 23, 2023 and will continue until November 23, 2028, the four-year anniversary of the end of the Closing Period (the "Investment Period"). Our term is until November 23, 2030, six years from the end of the Closing Period, subject to (i) a one year extension as determined by the Investment Adviser in its sole discretion and (ii) an additional one year extension as determined by our board of directors. 
 We focus on providing direct lending solutions to U.S. upper middle market companies backed by top private equity sponsors. Our investment objective is to generate current income and capital appreciation through the sourcing and origination of senior secured loans and select junior capital positions, to growing businesses in defensive industries that offer attractive risk-adjusted returns. Our differentiated investment approach leverages the deep sector knowledge and operating resources of New Mountain Capital. 
 We primarily invest in senior secured debt of U.S. sponsor-backed, middle market companies. We define middle market companies as those with annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") of 10.0 million to 200.0 million. Our focus is on defensive growth businesses that generally exhibit the following characteristics: (i) acyclicality, (ii) sustainable secular growth drivers, (iii) niche market dominance and high barriers to competitive entry, (iv) recurring revenue and strong free cash flow, (v) flexible cost structures and (vi) seasoned management teams. 
 Senior secured loans may include traditional first lien loans or unitranche loans. We invest a significant portion of our portfolio in unitranche loans, which are loans that combine both senior and subordinated debt, generally in a first-lien position. Because unitranche loans combine characteristics of senior and subordinated debt, they have risks similar to the risks associated with secured debt and subordinated debt. Certain unitranche loan investments may include last-out positions, which generally heighten the risk of loss. In some cases, our investments may also include equity interests. 
 As of December 31, 2023, our top five industry concentrations were business services, software, healthcare, food beverage and education. 
 As of December 31, 2023, our members' capital was approximately 105.8 million and our portfolio had a fair value of approximately 86.6 million in 44 portfolio companies. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following items as critical accounting estimates. 
 Basis of Accounting 
 We are an investment company following accounting and reporting guidance as described in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 946, Financial Services Investment Companies ("ASC 946"). 
 Valuation and Leveling of Portfolio Investments 
 At all times consistent with GAAP and the 1940 Act, we conduct a valuation of our assets, which impacts our members' capital. 
 We value our assets on a quarterly basis, or more frequently if required under the 1940 Act. In all cases, our board of directors is ultimately and solely responsible for determining the fair value of our portfolio investments on a quarterly basis in good faith, including investments that are not publicly traded, those whose market prices are not readily available and any other situation where our portfolio investments require a fair value determination. Security transactions are accounted for on a trade date basis. Our quarterly valuation procedures are set forth in more detail below: 
 (1) Investments for which market quotations are readily available on an exchange are valued at such market quotations based on the closing price indicated from independent pricing services. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 (2) Investments for which indicative prices are obtained from various pricing services and/or brokers or dealers are valued through a multi-step valuation process, as described below, to determine whether the quote(s) obtained is representative of fair value in accordance with GAAP. 
 a. Bond quotes are obtained through independent pricing services. Internal reviews are performed by the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser to ensure that the quote obtained is representative of fair value in accordance with GAAP and, if so, the quote is used. If the Investment Adviser is unable to sufficiently validate the quote(s) internally and if the investment's par value or its fair value exceeds the materiality threshold, the investment is valued similarly to those assets with no readily available quotes (see (3) below); and 
 b. For investments other than bonds, we look at the number of quotes readily available and perform the following procedures: 
 i. Investments for which two or more quotes are received from a pricing service are valued using the mean of the mean of the bid and ask of the quotes obtained. We will evaluate the reasonableness of the quote, and if the quote is determined to not be representative of fair value, we will use one or more of the methodologies outlined below to determine fair value; and 
 ii. Investments for which one quote is received from a pricing service are validated internally. The investment professionals of the Investment Adviser analyze the market quotes obtained using an array of valuation methods (further described below) to validate the fair value. If the Investment Adviser is unable to sufficiently validate the quote internally and if the investment's par value or its fair value exceeds the materiality threshold, the investment is valued similarly to those assets with no readily available quotes (see (3) below). 
 (3) Investments for which quotations are not readily available through exchanges, pricing services, brokers or dealers are valued through a multi-step valuation process: 
 a. Each portfolio company or investment is initially valued by the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser responsible for the credit monitoring; 
 b. Preliminary valuation conclusions will then be documented and discussed with our senior management; 
 c. If an investment falls into (3) above for four consecutive quarters and if the investment's par value or its fair value exceeds the materiality threshold, then at least once each fiscal year, the valuation for each portfolio investment for which we do not have a readily available market quotation will be reviewed by an independent valuation firm engaged by our board of directors; and 
 d. When deemed appropriate by our management, an independent valuation firm may be engaged to review and value investment(s) of a portfolio company, without any preliminary valuation being performed by the Investment Adviser. The investment professionals of the Investment Adviser will review and validate the value provided. 
 For investments in revolving credit facilities and delayed draw commitments, the cost basis of the funded investments purchased is offset by any costs/netbacks received for any unfunded portion on the total balance committed. The fair value is also adjusted for the price appreciation or depreciation on the unfunded portion. As a result, the purchase of a commitment not completely funded may result in a negative fair value until it is called and funded. 
 The values assigned to investments are based upon available information and do not necessarily represent amounts which might ultimately be realized, since such amounts depend on future circumstances and cannot be reasonably determined until the individual positions are liquidated. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may fluctuate from period to period and the fluctuations could be material. 
 GAAP fair value measurement guidance classifies the inputs used in measuring fair value into three levels as follows: 
 Level I Quoted prices (unadjusted) are available in active markets for identical investments and we have the ability to access such quotes as of the reporting date. The type of investments which would generally be included in Level I include active exchange-traded equity securities and exchange-traded derivatives. As required by Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ("ASC 820"), we, to the extent that we hold such investments, do not adjust the quoted price for these investments, even in situations where we hold a large position and a sale could reasonably impact the quoted price. 
 Level II Pricing inputs are observable for the investments, either directly or indirectly, as of the reporting date, but are not the same as those used in Level I. Level II inputs include the following: 
 Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in non-active markets (examples include corporate and municipal bonds, which trade infrequently); 
 Pricing models whose inputs are observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability (examples include most over-the-counter derivatives, including foreign exchange forward contracts); and 
 Pricing models whose inputs are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data through correlation or other means for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 
 Level III Pricing inputs are unobservable for the investment and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the investment. 
 The inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels. In all instances when the inputs fall within different levels of the hierarchy, the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. As such, a Level III fair value measurement may include inputs that are both observable and unobservable. Gains and losses for such assets categorized within the Level III table below may include changes in fair value that are attributable to both observable inputs and unobservable inputs. 
 The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant judgment or estimation by management and consideration of factors specific to each investment. A review of the fair value hierarchy classifications is conducted on a quarterly basis. Changes in the observability of valuation inputs may result in the transfer of certain investments within the fair value hierarchy from period to period. 
 See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 4. Fair Value in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on fair value hierarchy for the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023. 
 We generally use the following framework when determining the fair value of investments where there is little, if any, market activity or observable pricing inputs. We typically determine the fair value of our performing debt investments utilizing an income approach. Additional consideration is given using a market based approach, as well as reviewing the overall underlying portfolio company's performance and associated financial risks. The following outlines additional details on the approaches considered: 
 Company Performance, Financial Review, and Analysis: Prior to investment, as part of our due diligence process, we evaluate the overall performance and financial stability of the portfolio company. Post-investment, we analyze each portfolio company's current operating performance and relevant financial trends versus prior year and budgeted results, including, but not limited to, factors affecting its revenue and EBITDA growth, margin trends, liquidity position, covenant compliance and changes to its capital structure. We also attempt to identify and subsequently track any developments at the portfolio company, within its customer or vendor base or within the industry or the macroeconomic environment, generally, that may alter any material element of our original investment thesis. This analysis is specific to each portfolio company. We leverage the knowledge gained from our original due diligence process, augmented by this subsequent monitoring, to continually refine our outlook for each of our portfolio companies and ultimately form the valuation of our investment in each portfolio company. When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent sale occurs, we will consider the pricing indicated by the external event to corroborate the private valuation. 
 For debt investments, we may employ the Market Based Approach (as described below) to assess the total enterprise value of the portfolio company, in order to evaluate the enterprise value coverage of our debt investment. For equity investments or in cases where the Market Based Approach implies a lack of enterprise value coverage for the debt investment, we may additionally employ a discounted cash flow analysis based on the free cash flows of the portfolio company to assess the total enterprise value. 
 After enterprise value coverage is demonstrated for our debt investments through the method(s) above, the Income Based Approach (as described below) may be employed to estimate the fair value of the investment. 
 Market Based Approach: We may estimate the total enterprise value of each portfolio company by utilizing EBITDA or revenue multiples of publicly traded comparable companies and comparable transactions. We consider numerous factors when selecting the appropriate companies whose trading multiples are used to value our portfolio companies. These factors include, but are not limited to, the type of organization, similarity to the business being valued, and relevant risk factors, as well as size, profitability and growth expectations. We may apply an average of various relevant comparable company EBITDA or revenue multiples to the portfolio company's latest twelve month ("LTM") EBITDA or revenue or projected EBITDA or revenue to calculate the enterprise value of the portfolio company. Significant increases or decreases in the EBITDA or revenue multiples will result in an increase or decrease in enterprise value, which may result in an increase or decrease in the fair value estimate of the investment. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Income Based Approach: We also may use a discounted cash flow analysis to estimate the fair value of the investment. Projected cash flows represent the relevant security's contractual interest, fee and principal payments plus the assumption of full principal recovery at the investment's expected maturity date. These cash flows are discounted at a rate established utilizing a combination of a yield calibration approach and a comparable investment approach. The yield calibration approach incorporates changes in the credit quality (as measured by relevant statistics) of the portfolio company, as compared to changes in the yield associated with comparable credit quality market indices, between the date of origination and the valuation date. The comparable investment approach utilizes and average yield-to-maturity of a selected set of high-quality, liquid investments to determine a comparable investment discount rate. Significant increases or decreases in the discount rate would result in a decrease or increase in the fair value measurement. 
 See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 4. Fair Value in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of our Level III investments for the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Sales and paydowns of investments: Realized gains and losses on investments are determined on the specific identification method. 
 Interest income: Interest income, including amortization of premium and discount using the effective interest method, is recorded on the accrual basis and periodically assessed for collectability. Interest income also includes interest earned from cash on hand. Upon the prepayment of a loan or debt security, any prepayment penalties are recorded as part of interest income. We have loans in the portfolio that contain a payment-in-kind ("PIK") interest. PIK interest is accrued and recorded as income at the contractual rates, if deemed collectible. The PIK interest is added to the principal balance on the capitalization date and is generally due at maturity or when redeemed by the issuer. For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023, we recognized PIK interest from investments of approximately 0.2 million. 
 Non-accrual income: Investments are placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are past due for 30 days or more and when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected. Accrued cash and un-capitalized PIK interest or dividends are reversed when an investment is placed on non-accrual status. Previously capitalized PIK interest or dividends are not reversed when an investment is placed on non-accrual status. Interest or dividend payments received on non-accrual investments may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management's judgment of the ultimate collectability. Non-accrual investments are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in management's judgment, are likely to remain current. As of December 31, 2023, no investments were on non-accrual status. 
 Fee income: Fee income represents delayed compensation, revolver fees, upfront fees, amendment fees and other miscellaneous fees received and are typically non-recurring in nature. Delayed compensation is income earned from counterparties on trades that do not settle within a set number of business days after the trade date. Fee income may also include fees from bridge loans. We may from time to time enter into bridge financing commitments, an obligation to provide interim financing to a counterparty until permanent credit can be obtained. These commitments are short-term in nature and may expire unfunded. A fee is received by us for providing such commitments. Structuring fees and upfront fees are recognized as income when earned, usually when paid at the closing of the investment, and are non-refundable. Income received in exchange for the provision of services such as recurring administration services are also recognized as fee income in the period in which it was earned. 
 
 Monitoring of Portfolio Investments 
 We monitor the performance and financial trends of our portfolio companies on at least a quarterly basis. We attempt to identify any developments within the portfolio company, the industry or the macroeconomic environment that may alter any material element of our original investment strategy. Our portfolio monitoring procedures are designed to provide a simple yet comprehensive analysis of our portfolio companies based on their operating performance and underlying business characteristics, which in turn forms the basis of its Risk Rating (as defined below). 
 We use an investment risk rating system to characterize and monitor the credit profile and expected level of returns on each investment in the portfolio. As such, we assign each investment a composite score ("Risk Rating") based on two metrics 1) Operating Performance and 2) Business Characteristics: 
 Operating Performance assesses the health of the investment in context of its financial performance and the market environment it faces. The metric is expressed in Tiers of "1" to "4", with "1" being the worst and "4" being the best: 
 Tier 1 Severe business underperformance and/or severe market headwinds 
 Tier 2 Significant business underperformance and/or significant market headwinds 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Tier 3 Moderate business underperformance and/or moderate market headwinds 
 Tier 4 Business performance is in-line with or above expectations 
 Business Characteristics assesses the health of the investment in context of the underlying portfolio company's business and credit quality, the underlying portfolio company's current balance sheet, and the level of support from the equity sponsor. The metric is expressed as on a qualitative scale of "A" to "C", with "A" being the best and "C" being the worst. 
 The Risk Rating for each investment is a composite of these two metrics. The Risk Rating is expressed in categories of Red, Orange, Yellow and Green, with Red reflecting an investment performing materially below expectations and Green reflecting an investment that is in-line with or above expectations. The mapping of the composite scores to these categories are below: 
 Red 1C (e.g., Tier 1 for Operating Performance and C for Business Characteristics) 
 Orange 2C and 1B 
 Yellow 3C, 2B, and 1A 
 Green 4C, 3B, 2A, 4B, 3A, and 4A 
 The following table shows the Risk Ratings of our portfolio companies as of December 31, 2023: (in millions) As of December 31, 2023 Risk Rating Cost Percent Fair Value Percent Red Orange Yellow Green 85.4 100.0 86.6 100.0 85.4 100.0 86.6 100.0 
 As of December 31, 2023, all investments in our portfolio had a Green Risk Rating. 
 
 Portfolio and Investment Activity 
 The fair value of our investments, as determined in good faith by our board of directors, was approximately 86.6 million in 44 portfolio companies at December 31, 2023. 
 The following table shows our portfolio and investment activity for the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023: For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to (in millions) December 31, 2023 New investments in 44 portfolio companies 85.1 Debt repayments in existing portfolio companies (0.1) Sales of securities in 0 portfolio companies Change in unrealized appreciation on 24 portfolio companies 1.3 Change in unrealized depreciation on 14 portfolio companies (1) 
 
 (1) For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023, change in unrealized depreciation was less than 50 thousand. 
 
 Recent Accounting Standards Updates 
 See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 13. Recent Accounting Standards in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details on recent accounting standards updates. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations for the period from May 24, 2023 (Commencement of Operations) to December 31, 2023 
 Revenue For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to (in thousands) December 31, 2023 Interest income 2,256 Fee income 765 Total investment income 3,021 
 Investment income for the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023 was driven by our deployment of capital and increasing invested balance. 
 Operating Expenses For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to (in thousands) December 31, 2023 Management fee 273 Less: management fee waiver (149) Net management fee 124 Organizational and offering expenses 1,084 Administrative expenses 463 Professional fees 373 Interest and other financing expenses 337 Incentive fee 153 Other general and administrative expenses 78 Total expenses 2,612 Less: expenses waived (310) Net expenses 2,302 
 Our management fee net o f waivers for the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023 was approximately 0.1 million. Per the Investment Management Agreement (as defined below), the management fee will be reduced by 50 until the one-year anniversary of the Initial Drawdown Date (as defined in the Investment Management Agreement). The base management fee may also be reduced by placement fees and any voluntary fee waivers made by the Investment Adviser. Incentive fees for period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023 were approximately 0.2 million. 
 We have incurred expenses related to our formation, organization and continuous offering of our common units. For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023, we incurred organizational and offering costs of approximately 1.1 million. We anticipate that we will continue to incur organizational and offering expenses throughout the Closing Period. 
 Interest and other financing expenses for the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023 were approximately 0.3 million, due to our entry into the BMO Subscription Line and the Unsecured Management Company Revolver. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Net Realized Gains (Losses) and Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to (in thousands) December 31, 2023 Net realized gains (losses) on investments 1 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments 1,246 Net realized and unrealized gain 1,247 
 We had net realized gains and unrealized appreciation which resulted in a net gain of approximately 1.2 million for the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023 which was primarily driven by the overall increase in market prices of our investments during the period. 
 
 Liquidity, Capital Resources, Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Borrowings and Contractual Obligations 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The primary use of existing funds and any funds raised in the future is expected to be for investments in portfolio companies, repayment of indebtedness, cash distributions to our unitholders or for other general corporate purposes. 
 We expect to generate cash from (1) drawing down capital in respect of Units, (2) cash flows from investments and operations, and (3) borrowings from banks or other lenders. We will seek to enter into any bank debt, credit facility or other financing arrangements on at least customary market terms; however, we cannot assure you we will be able to do so. Any such incurrence or issuance would be subject to prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual and regulatory restrictions and other factors. Upon organization, we adopted the application of the modified asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act, as amended by the Small Business Credit Availability Act, which resulted in the reduction of the minimum asset coverage ratio applicable to us from 200.0 to 150.0 . In connection with their subscriptions of the Units, our unitholders were required to acknowledge our ability to operate with an asset coverage ratio that may be as low as 150.0 . In accordance with the 1940 Act, with certain limited exceptions, we are only allowed to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage, calculated pursuant to the 1940 Act, is at least 150.0 after such borrowing (which means we can borrow 2 for every 1 of our equity). As of December 31, 2023, there was no outstanding balance under our BMO Subscription Line or Unsecured Management Company Revolver. 
 Since our inception on November 4, 2022, we have entered into Subscription Agreements with several investors on various dates. We expect closings of the Private Offering will occur, from time to time, in the Investment Adviser's sole discretion, during the Closing Period. On December 31, 2023 we had aggregate capital commitments accepted and undrawn capital commitments from investors as follows: (in millions) December 31, 2023 Capital Commitments 211.2 Unfunded Capital Commitments 105.6 of Capital Commitments funded 50.00 
 As of December 31, 2023, our credit facilities consisted of the BMO Subscription Line and Unsecured Management Company Revolver. See Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 6. Borrowings in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 At December 31, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 19.9 million. Our cash used in operating activities for the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023 was approximately 83.6 million. We expect that all current liquidity needs will be met with cash flows from drawdowns on Capital Commitments, investments and operations and borrowings from banks or other lenders. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We may become a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financial needs of our portfolio companies. These instruments may include commitments to extend credit and involve, to varying degrees, elements of liquidity and credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2023, we had outstanding commitments to third parties to fund investments totaling 27.2 million, under various undrawn revolving credit facilities, delayed draw commitments or other future funding commitments. 
 We may from time to time enter into financing commitment letters or bridge financing commitments, which could require funding in the future. As of December 31, 2023, we had commitment letters to purchase investments in the aggregate 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 par amount of 5.0 million, which could require funding in the future. As of December 31, 2023, we had not entered into any bridge financing commitments which could require funding in the future. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 A summary of our significant contractual payment obligations as of December 31, 2023 is as follows: Contractual Obligations Payments Due by Period (in millions) Total Less than 1 Year 1 - 3 Years 3 - 5 Years More than 5 Years BMO Subscription Line (1) 
 
 (1) Under the terms of the BMO Subscription Line, all outstanding borrowings under that facility 0.0 million as of December 31, 2023) are due on BMO's demand within 15 business days or on the date 6 months after each advance date, which varies throughout the period. The BMO Subscription Line will terminate when all Capital Commitments have been funded. See Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 6. Borrowings , for material details on the BMO Subscription Line. 
 We have entered into the investment advisory and management agreement (the "Investment Management Agreement") with the Investment Adviser in accordance with the 1940 Act. Under the Investment Management Agreement, the Investment Adviser has agreed to provide us with investment advisory and management services. We have agreed to pay for these services (1) a management fee and (2) an incentive fee based on our performance. 
 We have also entered into an administration agreement (the "Administration Agreement") with the Administrator. Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator has agreed to arrange office space for us and provide office equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services and other administrative services necessary to conduct our respective day-to-day operations. The Administrator has also agreed to maintain, or oversee the maintenance of, our financial records, our reports to unitholders and reports filed with the SEC. The Administrator has hired a third party sub-administrator to assist with the provision of administrative services. 
 If any of the contractual obligations discussed above are terminated, our costs under any new agreements that are entered into may increase. In addition, we would likely incur significant time and expense in locating alternative parties to provide the services we expect to receive under the Investment Management Agreement and the Administration Agreement. 
 
 Distributions and Dividends 
 Distributions declared to unitholders for the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023 were approximately 1.7 million. 
 Tax characteristics of all distributions paid are reported to unitholders on Form 1099 or Form 1042 after the end of the calendar year. For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023, total distributions declared were 1.7 million, of which the distribution was comprised of approximately 99.62 of ordinary income, 0.00 of long-term capital gains and 0.38 of a return of capital. Future quarterly distributions, if any, will be determined by our board of directors. 
 We intend to pay quarterly distributions to our unitholders in amounts sufficient to qualify as and maintain our status as a RIC. We intend to distribute approximately all of our net investment income on a quarterly basis and substantially all of our taxable income on an annual basis, except that we may retain certain net capital gains for reinvestment. 
 
 Related Parties 
 We have entered into a number of business relationships with affiliated or related parties, including the following: 
 We have entered into the Investment Management Agreement with the Investment Adviser, a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Mountain Capital. Therefore, New Mountain Capital is entitled to any profits earned by the Investment Adviser, which includes any fees payable to the Investment Adviser under the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, less expenses incurred by the Investment Adviser in performing its services under the Investment Management Agreement. 
 We have entered into the Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement with the Investment Adviser. The Investment Adviser has agreed to reduce and/or waive its management fee (the "Specified Expenses Cap") each year such that we will not be required to pay certain expenses in excess of a maximum aggregate amount defined in the Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 We have entered into the Administration Agreement with the Administrator, a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Mountain Capital. The Administrator arranges our office space and provides office equipment and administrative services necessary to conduct our respective day-to-day operations pursuant to the Administration Agreement. The Administrator has hired a third party sub-administrator to assist with the provision of administrative services. We reimburse the Administrator for the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations to us under the Administration Agreement, which includes the fees and expenses associated with performing administrative, finance, and compliance functions, and the compensation of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement and further restricted by us, the Administrator may, in its own discretion, submit to us for reimbursement some or all of the expenses that the Administrator has incurred on our behalf during any quarterly period. As a result, the amount of expenses for which we will have to reimburse the Administrator may fluctuate in future quarterly periods and there can be no assurance given as to when, or if, the Administrator may determine to limit the expenses that the Administrator submits to us for reimbursement in the future. The Administrator cannot recoup any expenses that the Administrator has previously waived. For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023, approximately 0.3 million of indirect administrative expenses were included in administrative expenses, of which approximately 0.3 million were waived by the Administrator. As of December 31, 2023, there were no indirect administrative expenses included in payable to affiliates on the Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Members' Capital. 
 We, the Investment Adviser and the Administrator have entered into a royalty-free Trademark License Agreement with New Mountain Capital, pursuant to which New Mountain Capital has agreed to grant us, the Investment Adviser and the Administrator a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name "New Mountain Capital". 
 In addition, we have adopted a formal code of ethics that governs the conduct of our officers and directors. These officers and directors also remain subject to the duties imposed by the 1940 Act and the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act. 
 The Investment Adviser and its affiliates may also manage other funds in the future that may have investment mandates that are similar, in whole or in part, to our investment mandates. The Investment Adviser and its affiliates may determine that an investment is appropriate for us and for one or more of those other funds. In such event, depending on the availability of such investment and other appropriate factors, the Investment Adviser or its affiliates may determine that we should invest side-by-side with one or more other funds. Any such investments will be made only to the extent permitted by applicable law and interpretive positions of the SEC and its staff, and consistent with the Investment Adviser's allocation procedures. On October 8, 2019, the SEC issued an exemptive order (the "Exemptive Order") to the Investment Adviser and certain of its affiliates, which superseded a prior order issued on December 18, 2017, which permits us to co-invest in portfolio companies with certain funds or entities managed by the Investment Adviser or its affiliates in certain negotiated transactions where co-investing would otherwise be prohibited under the 1940 Act, subject to the conditions of the Exemptive Order. Pursuant to the Exemptive Order, we are permitted to co-invest with our affiliates if a "required majority" (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent directors make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including, but not limited to, that (1) the terms of the potential co-investment transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our unitholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of us or our unitholders on the part of any person concerned, and (2) the potential co-investment transaction is consistent with the interests of our unitholders and is consistent with our then-current investment objective and strategies. The Exemptive Order was amended on August 30, 2022 to permit us to complete follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies with certain affiliates that are private funds if such private funds do not hold an investment in such existing portfolio company, subject to certain conditions. 
 On June 23, 2023, we entered into the Uncommitted Revolving Loan Agreement with NMF Investments III, L.L.C., an affiliate of the Investment Adviser, with a 10.0 million maximum amount of borrowings available under the Unsecured Management Company Revolver, which has a maturity date of December 31, 2025. 
 See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 5. Agreements and Related Parties in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are subject to certain financial market risks, such as interest rate fluctuations. Because we fund a portion of our investments with borrowings, our net investment income is affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. Since March 2022, the Federal Reserve has been rapidly raising interest rates and has indicated that it would consider additional rate hikes in response to ongoing inflation concerns. In a rising interest rate environment, our net investment income would increase due to an increase in interest income generated by our investment portfolio. However, our cost of funds would also increase, which could also impact net investment income. It is possible that the Federal Reserve's tightening cycle could result in a recession in the United States, which would likely decrease interest rates. Alternatively, in a prolonged low interest rate environment, including a reduction of base rates, such as SOFR, to zero, the difference between the total interest income earned on interest earning assets and the total interest expense incurred on interest bearing liabilities may be compressed, reducing our net interest income and potentially adversely affecting our operating results. During the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023, certain of the loans held in our portfolio had floating SOFR interest rates. As of December 31, 2023, approximately 97.66 of our investments at fair value (excluding unfunded debt investments) represent floating-rate investments with a SOFR floor (includes investments bearing prime interest rate contracts) and approximately 2.34 of our investments at fair value represent fixed-rate investments. Additionally, our BMO Subscription Line is also subject to floating interest rates and is currently paid based on floating SOFR rates and prime interest rates. 
 The following table estimates the potential changes in interest income net of interest expenses, should interest rates increase by 100, 200 or 300 basis points, or decrease by 25 basis points. Interest income is calculated as revenue from interest generated from our portfolio of investments held on December 31, 2023. Interest expense is calculated based on the terms of our outstanding Unsecured Management Company Revolver and BMO Subscription Line. For our Unsecured Management Company Revolver and BMO Subscription Line, we use the outstanding balance as of December 31, 2023. This analysis does not take into account the impact of the incentive fee or other expenses. The base interest rate case assumes the rates on our portfolio investments remain unchanged from the actual effective interest rates as of December 31, 2023. These hypothetical calculations are based on a model of the investments in our portfolio, held as of December 31, 2023, and are only adjusted for assumed changes in the underlying base interest rates. 
 Actual results could differ significantly from those estimated in the table. Change in Interest Rates Estimated Percentage Change in Interest Income Net of Interest Expense (unaudited) 25 Basis Points (2.12) Base Interest Rate +100 Basis Points 8.47 +200 Basis Points 16.93 +300 Basis Points 25.40 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PAGE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 72 
 Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Members' Capital as of December 31, 202 3 
 73 
 Statement of Operations for the period from May 24 , 202 3 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 202 3 
 74 
 Statement of Changes in Members' Capital for the period from May 24 , 202 3 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 202 3 
 75 
 Statement of Cash Flows for the period from May 24 , 202 3 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 202 3 
 76 
 Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 202 3 
 77 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund , L.L.C 
 84 

71 

Table of Contents 

30 Rockefeller Plaza 
 
 USA 
 
 Tel: 212 492 4000 
 Fax: 212 489 1687 
 www.deloitte.com 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the unitholders and the Board of Directors of New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements and Financial Highlights 
 We have audited the accompanying statement of assets, liabilities and members capital of New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (the "Company"), including the schedule of investments as of December 31, 2023, the related statements of operations, changes in members capital, and cash flows for the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023, the financial highlights for the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023, and the related notes. In our opinion, the financial statements and financial highlights present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023, and the results of its operations, changes in members capital, cash flows and the financial highlights for the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements and financial highlights are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements and financial highlights based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements and financial highlights are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements and financial highlights, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements and financial highlights. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements and financial highlights. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2023, by correspondence with the custodian, loan agents, and borrowers; when replies were not received, we performed other auditing procedures. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 March 5, 2024 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. 

72 

Table of Contents 

 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. 
 Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Members' Capital 
 (in thousands, except units and per unit data) December 31, 2023 Assets Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments at fair value (cost of 
 Cash and cash equivalents Interest receivable Other assets Total assets Liabilities Borrowings BMO Subscription Line Deferred financing costs (net of accumulated amortization of 
 ) Net borrowings ) Accrued organizational and offering expenses Incentive fee payable Management fee payable Interest payable Payable to affiliate Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (See Note 8) Members' Capital Common units, units issued and outstanding 
 Accumulated underdistributed earnings Total members' capital Total liabilities and members' capital Members' capital per unit 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. 
 Statement of Operations 
 (in thousands, except units and per unit data) For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023 Investment income Interest income (excluding Payment-in-kind ("PIK") interest income) PIK interest income Fee income Total investment income Expenses Organizational and offering expenses Administrative expenses Professional fees Interest and other financing expenses Management fee Incentive fee Other general and administrative expenses Total expenses Less: management fees waived (See Note 5) ) Less: expenses waived (See Note 5) ) Net expenses Net investment income (loss) Net realized gains (losses) on investments Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) Net increase (decrease) in members' capital resulting from operations Earnings (loss) per unit (basic diluted) Weighted average common units outstanding - basic diluted (See Note 11) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. 
 Statement of Changes in Members' Capital 
 (in thousands, except units) For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023 Increase (decrease) in members' capital resulting from operations Net investment income (loss) Net realized gains (losses) on investments Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments Net increase (decrease) in members' capital resulting from operations Capital transactions Contributions Placement fees ) Distributions declared to unitholders from net investment income ) Total net increase (decrease) in members' capital resulting from capital transactions Net increase (decrease) in members' capital Members' capital at the beginning of the period Members' capital at the end of the period Capital unit activity Units issued 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net increase in members' capital resulting from operations Adjustments to reconcile net (increase) decrease in members' capital resulting from operations to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Net realized (gains) losses on investments ) Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation of investments ) Amortization of purchase discount ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of deferred offering costs Non-cash investment income ) (Increase) decrease in operating assets: Purchase of investments and delayed draw facilities ) Proceeds from sales and paydowns of investments Cash received for purchase of undrawn portion of revolving credit or delayed draw facilities Cash paid for purchase of drawn portion of revolving credit facilities ) Cash paid on drawn revolvers ) Cash repayments on drawn revolvers Interest and dividend receivable ) Other assets ) Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities: Interest payable Incentive fee payable Management fee payable Accrued organizational and offering expenses Payable to affiliates Other liabilities Net cash flows used in operating activities ) Cash flows from financing activities Distributions ) Net proceeds from issuance of common units Proceeds from BMO Subscription Line Repayment of BMO Subscription Line ) Proceeds from Unsecured Management Company Revolver Repayment of Unsecured Management Company Revolver ) Placement fees paid ) Deferred offering costs paid ) Deferred financing costs paid ) Net cash flows provided by financing activities Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash interest paid Non-cash financing activities: Accrual for deferred credit facility costs 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. 
 
 Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference (4) Spread (4) Interest Rate (4) Purchase Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares Cost Fair Value Percent of Members' Capital Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliated Investments Funded Debt Investments - United States Al Altius US Bidco, Inc. Business Services First Lien(2) SOFR(S) + 10/2023 12/2028 First Lien(2) SOFR(S) + 07/2023 12/2028 First Lien(2) SOFR(S) + 10/2023 12/2028 Sierra Enterprises, LLC Food Beverage First Lien SOFR(Q) + + /PIK 
 05/2023 05/2027 Affinipay Midco, LLC Software First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + 10/2023 06/2028 First Lien(2) SOFR(M) + 10/2023 06/2028 First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + 10/2023 06/2028 First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + 10/2023 06/2028 First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + 10/2023 06/2028 Associations, Inc. Business Services First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + + /PIK 
 10/2023 07/2027 Geo Parent Corporation Business Services First Lien(2) SOFR(S) + 10/2023 12/2028 USRP Holdings, Inc. Business Services First Lien(2) SOFR(S) + 10/2023 07/2027 First Lien(2)(3) - Drawn SOFR(S) + 07/2023 07/2027 Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company Education First Lien SOFR(M) + 10/2023 04/2029 Kaseya Inc. Software First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + + /PIK 
 11/2023 06/2029 First Lien(2)(3) - Drawn SOFR(M) + 11/2023 06/2029 First Lien(2)(3) - Drawn SOFR(Q) + + /PIK 
 11/2023 06/2029 Bluefin Holding, LLC Software First Lien(2) SOFR(S) + 09/2023 09/2029 Greenway Health, LLC Healthcare First Lien SOFR(S) + 12/2023 04/2029 Ncontracts, LLC Software First Lien SOFR(S) + 12/2023 12/2029 Anaplan, Inc. Software First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + 10/2023 06/2029 PetVet Care Centers, LLC Consumer Services First Lien SOFR(M) + 10/2023 11/2030 iCIMS, Inc. Software First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + + /PIK 
 09/2023 08/2028 Enverus Holdings, Inc. Business Services First Lien SOFR(M) + 12/2023 12/2029 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. 
 
 Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

 Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference (4) Spread (4) Interest Rate (4) Purchase Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares Cost Fair Value Percent of Members' Capital Healthspan Buyer, LLC Healthcare First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + 10/2023 10/2030 Pye-Barker Fire Safety, LLC Business Services First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + 09/2023 11/2027 Legal Spend Holdings, LLC (fka Bottomline Technologies, Inc.) Software First Lien(2) SOFR(M) + 10/2023 05/2029 Nielsen Consumer Inc. Business Services First Lien SOFR(M) + 09/2023 03/2028 DOXA Insurance Holdings LLC Business Services First Lien SOFR(Q) + 12/2023 12/2030 Virtusa Corporation Business Services Subordinated Fixed(S) + 08/2023 12/2028 Brave Parent Holdings, Inc. Software First Lien(2) SOFR(M) + 11/2023 11/2030 Wealth Enhancement Group, LLC Financial Services First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + 10/2023 10/2027 First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + 10/2023 10/2027 First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + 10/2023 10/2027 First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + 10/2023 10/2027 First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + 10/2023 10/2027 Syndigo LLC Software First Lien(2) SOFR(M) + 08/2023 12/2027 RxB Holdings, Inc. Healthcare First Lien(2) SOFR(M) + 06/2023 12/2027 CommerceHub, Inc. Software First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + 06/2023 12/2027 Businessolver.com, Inc. Software First Lien(2) SOFR(M) + 10/2023 12/2027 First Lien(2)(3) - Drawn SOFR(M) + 10/2023 12/2027 Next Holdco, LLC Healthcare First Lien(2) SOFR(M) + 11/2023 11/2030 More cowbell II LLC Business Services First Lien(2) SOFR(S) + 08/2023 09/2030 First Lien(2)(3) - Drawn SOFR(Q) + 08/2023 09/2029 Higginbotham Insurance Agency, Inc. Business Services First Lien(2)(3) - Drawn SOFR(M) + 08/2023 11/2028 KENG Acquisition, Inc. Business Services First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + 08/2023 08/2029 First Lien(2)(3) - Drawn SOFR(Q) + 08/2023 08/2029 First Lien(2)(3) - Drawn SOFR(Q) + 08/2023 08/2029 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. 
 
 Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

 Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference (4) Spread (4) Interest Rate (4) Purchase Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares Cost Fair Value Percent of Members' Capital AWP Group Holdings, Inc. Business Services First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + 08/2023 12/2029 First Lien(2)(3) - Drawn SOFR(Q) + 08/2023 12/2029 First Lien(2)(3) - Drawn SOFR(Q) + 08/2023 12/2029 TRC Companies L.L.C. (fka Energize Holdco LLC) Business Services Second Lien(2) SOFR(M) + 12/2023 12/2029 Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corporation Business Services First Lien(2)(3) - Drawn SOFR(S) + 06/2023 06/2027 PDQ.com Corporation Software First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + 10/2023 08/2027 Accession Risk Management Group, Inc. Business Services First Lien(2) SOFR(Q) + 08/2023 11/2029 First Lien(2)(3) - Drawn SOFR(Q) + 08/2023 11/2029 GC Waves Holdings, Inc. Financial Services First Lien(2)(3) - Drawn SOFR(M) + 07/2023 08/2028 Allworth Financial Group, L.P. Financial Services First Lien(2)(3) - Drawn SOFR(M) + 10/2023 12/2026 Zone Climate Services, Inc. Business Services First Lien(2)(3) - Drawn P(M) + 11/2023 03/2028 KPSKY Acquisition Inc. Business Services First Lien(2)(3) - Drawn SOFR(Q) + 11/2023 10/2028 Total Funded Debt Investments - United States Funded Debt Investments - Australia Atlas AU Bidco Pty Ltd Business Services First Lien SOFR(M) + 12/2023 12/2029 Total Funded Debt Investments - Australia Total Funded Debt Investments Total Funded Investments Unfunded Debt Investments - United States PetVet Care Centers, LLC Consumer Services First Lien(3) - Undrawn 10/2023 11/2025 First Lien(3) - Undrawn 10/2023 11/2029 ) ) AAH Topco, LLC Consumer Services First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 11/2023 11/2025 PPV Intermediate Holdings, LLC Consumer Services First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 09/2023 09/2025 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. 
 
 Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

 Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference (4) Spread (4) Interest Rate (4) Purchase Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares Cost Fair Value Percent of Members' Capital GC Waves Holdings, Inc. Financial Services First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 07/2023 12/2024 Allworth Financial Group, L.P. Financial Services First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 10/2023 10/2025 Accession Risk Management Group, Inc. Business Services First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 08/2023 02/2025 Trinity Air Consultants Holdings Corporation Business Services First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 06/2023 06/2024 Higginbotham Insurance Agency, Inc. Business Services First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 08/2023 08/2025 iCIMS, Inc. Software First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 09/2023 08/2024 USRP Holdings, Inc. Business Services First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 07/2023 07/2025 First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 10/2023 07/2027 Kaseya Inc. Software First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 11/2023 06/2029 ) First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 11/2023 06/2024 ) ) PDQ.com Corporation Software First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 10/2023 10/2025 First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 10/2023 08/2027 ) ) Zone Climate Services, Inc. Business Services First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 11/2023 02/2024 First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 11/2023 11/2025 First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 11/2023 03/2028 ) ) Businessolver.com, Inc. Software First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 10/2023 12/2024 MRI Software LLC Software First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 12/2023 12/2025 First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 12/2023 02/2027 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. 
 
 Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

 Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference (4) Spread (4) Interest Rate (4) Purchase Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares Cost Fair Value Percent of Members' Capital Brave Parent Holdings, Inc. Software First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 11/2023 05/2025 First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 11/2023 11/2030 ) ) ) ) ) Next Holdco, LLC Healthcare First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 11/2023 11/2025 First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 11/2023 11/2029 ) ) ) ) ) More cowbell II LLC Business Services First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 08/2023 09/2025 First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 08/2023 09/2029 ) ) ) ) ) Enverus Holdings, Inc. Business Services First Lien(3) - Undrawn 12/2023 12/2025 First Lien(3) - Undrawn 12/2023 12/2029 ) ) ) ) ) Ncontracts, LLC Software First Lien(3) - Undrawn 12/2023 12/2025 First Lien(3) - Undrawn 12/2023 12/2029 ) ) ) ) ) Bluefin Holding, LLC Software First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 09/2023 09/2029 ) ) ) DOXA Insurance Holdings LLC Business Services First Lien(3) - Undrawn 12/2023 12/2025 First Lien(3) - Undrawn 12/2023 12/2029 ) ) ) ) ) Healthspan Buyer, LLC Healthcare First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 10/2023 10/2030 ) ) ) AWP Group Holdings, Inc. Business Services First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 08/2023 12/2029 ) ) First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 08/2023 08/2025 ) ) ) ) KPSKY Acquisition Inc. Business Services First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 11/2023 11/2025 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. 
 
 Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

 Portfolio Company, Location and Industry(1) Type of Investment Reference (4) Spread (4) Interest Rate (4) Purchase Date Maturity/Expiration Date Principal Amount, Par Value or Shares Cost Fair Value Percent of Members' Capital KENG Acquisition, Inc. Business Services First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 08/2023 08/2029 ) ) First Lien(2)(3) - Undrawn 08/2023 08/2025 ) ) ) ) Total Unfunded Debt Investments - United States ) ) ) Total Unfunded Debt Investments ) ) ) Total Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliated Investments Total Investments 
 
 (1) 
 (2) . 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 
 of the Company's total assets are represented by investments at fair value that are considered non-qualifying assets. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. 
 
 Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 

December 31, 2023 Investment Type Percent of Total Investments at Fair Value First lien Second lien Subordinated Total investments 
 
 December 31, 2023 Industry Type Percent of Total Investments at Fair Value Business Services Software Healthcare Food Beverage Education Consumer Services Financial Services Total investments 
 December 31, 2023 Interest Rate Type Percent of Total Investments at Fair Value Floating rates Fixed rates Total investments 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 

Note 1. 
 billion of assets under management and a track record of investing in the middle market. New Mountain Capital focuses on investing in defensive growth companies across its private equity, credit and net lease investment strategies. The Investment Adviser manages the Company's day-to-day operations and provides it with investment advisory and management services. The Investment Adviser also manages other funds that may have investment mandates that are similar, in whole or in part, to the Company's. New Mountain Finance Administration, L.L.C. (the "Administrator"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Mountain Capital, provides the administrative services necessary to conduct the Company's day-to-day operations. The Administrator has hired a third-party sub-administrator to assist with the provision of administrative services. 
 The Company conducted a private offering (the "Private Offering") of units of the Company's limited liability company interests (the "Units") to investors in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). Units will be offered for subscription continuously throughout the Closing Period (as defined below). Each investor in the Private Offering made a capital commitment (each, a "Capital Commitment") to purchase Units pursuant to a subscription agreement entered into with the Company (a "Subscription Agreement"). The Company expects closings of the Private Offering will occur, from time to time, in the Investment Adviser's sole discretion, during the -month period (the "Closing Period") following the initial closing of Capital Commitments, which occurred on May 23, 2023. The Company may accept and draw down on Capital Commitments from investors throughout the Closing Period and may draw down on Capital Commitments after the Closing Period. The Company commenced loan origination and investment activities on May 24, 2023. The "Investment Period" began on May 23, 2023 and will continue until November 23, 2028, the anniversary of the end of the Closing Period. The term of the Company is until November 23, 2030, from the end of the Closing Period, subject to (i) a extension as determined by the Investment Adviser in its sole discretion and (ii) an additional extension as determined by the Company's board of directors. 
 The Company focuses on providing direct lending solutions to U.S. upper middle market companies backed by top private equity sponsors. The Company's investment objective is to generate current income and capital appreciation through the sourcing and origination of senior secured loans and select junior capital positions, to growing businesses in defensive industries that offer attractive risk-adjusted returns. The Company's differentiated investment approach leverages the deep sector knowledge and operating resources of New Mountain Capital. 
 The Company primarily invests in senior secured debt of U.S. sponsor-backed, middle market companies, defined by by annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ("EBITDA") between and . The Company focuses on defensive growth businesses that generally exhibit the following characteristics: (i) acyclicality, (ii) sustainable secular growth drivers, (iii) niche market dominance and high barriers to competitive entry, (iv) recurring revenue and strong free cash flow, (v) flexible cost structures and (vi) seasoned management teams. 
 Senior secured loans may include traditional first lien loans or unitranche loans. The Company invests a significant portion of its portfolio in unitranche loans, which are loans that combine both senior and subordinated debt, generally in a first-lien position. Because unitranche loans combine characteristics of senior and subordinated debt, they have risks similar to the risks associated with secured debt and subordinated debt. Certain unitranche loan investments may include last-out positions, which generally heighten the risk of loss. In some cases, the Company s investments may also include equity interests. 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company's top five industry concentrations were business services, software, healthcare, food beverage and education. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 

 Note 2. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 

See Note 3. Investments , for further discussion relating to investments. 
 These securities have original maturities of three months or less. The Company did hold any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2023. 
 . 
 Non-accrual income: Investments are placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are past due for days or more and when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected. Accrued cash and un-capitalized PIK interest are reversed when an investment is placed on non-accrual status. Previously capitalized PIK interest are not reversed when an investment is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual investments may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management's judgment of the ultimate collectability. Non-accrual investments are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in management's judgment, are likely to remain current. As of December 31, 2023, investments were on non-accrual status. 
 Fee income: Fee income represents delayed compensation, revolver fees, upfront fees, amendment fees and other miscellaneous fees received and are typically non-recurring in nature. Delayed compensation is income earned from counterparties on trades that do not settle within a set number of business days after the trade date. Fee income may also include fees from bridge loans. The Company may from time to time enter into bridge financing commitments, an obligation to provide interim financing to a counterparty until permanent credit can be obtained. These commitments are short-term in nature and may expire unfunded. A fee is received by the Company for providing such commitments. Structuring fees and upfront fees are recognized as income when earned, usually when paid at the closing of the investment, and are non-refundable. Income 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 

 See Note 6. Borrowings , for details. 
 or of the aggregate Capital Commitments pursuant to the Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement (as defined below), will be applied as a reduction to the base management fee paid to the Investment Adviser and cannot be recouped by the Investment Adviser. 
 months beginning on the date of commencement of operations. Deferred offering costs are included on the Company's Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Members' Capital until amortized. 
 See Note 6. Borrowings , for details. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 

Investments denominated in foreign currencies may be negatively affected by movements in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies. This movement is beyond the control of the Company and cannot be predicted. 
 
 Note 3. 
 Second lien Subordinated Total investments 
 Investment Cost and Fair Value by Industry Cost Fair Value Business Services Software Healthcare Food Beverage Education Consumer Services Financial Services Total investments 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had unfunded commitments on revolving credit facilities of and unfunded commitments on bridge facilities. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had unfunded commitments in the form of delayed draws or other future funding commitments of . The unfunded commitments on revolving credit facilities and delayed draws are disclosed on the Company's Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2023. 
 Investment Risk Factors First and second lien debt that the Company invests in is almost entirely rated below investment grade or may be unrated. Debt investments rated below investment grade are often referred to as "leveraged loans", "high yield" or "junk" debt investments, and may be considered "high risk" compared to debt investments that are rated investment grade. These debt investments are considered speculative because of the credit risk of the issuers. Such issuers are 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 

Note 4. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 

 Second lien Subordinated Total investments 
 Total gains or losses included in earnings: Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments Purchases, including capitalized PIK and revolver fundings Proceeds from sales and paydowns of investments ) ) Fair value, December 31, 2023 Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) for the period relating to those Level III assets that were still held by the Company at the end of the period: 
 There were no other transfers in or out of Level I, II, or III during the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023. Transfers into Level III occur as quotations obtained through pricing services are deemed not representative of fair value as of the balance sheet date and such assets are internally valued. As quotations obtained through pricing services are substantiated through additional market sources, investments are transferred out of Level III. In addition, transfers out of Level III and transfers into Level III occur based on the increase or decrease in the availability of certain observable inputs. Investments will be transferred into Level III from Level II and out of Level III into Level II at fair value as of the beginning of the period in which the reclassification occurred. 
 The Company invests in revolving credit facilities. These investments are categorized as Level III investments as these assets are not actively traded and their fair values are often implied by the term loans of the respective portfolio companies. 
 The Company generally uses the following framework when determining the fair value of investments where there are little, if any, market activity or observable pricing inputs. The Company typically determines the fair value of its performing debt investments utilizing an income approach. Additional consideration is given using a market based approach, as well as reviewing the overall underlying portfolio company's performance and associated financial risks. The following outlines additional details on the approaches considered: 
 Company Performance, Financial Review, and Analysis: Prior to investment, as part of its due diligence process, the Company evaluates the overall performance and financial stability of the portfolio company. Post investment, the Company analyzes each portfolio company's current operating performance and relevant financial trends versus prior year and budgeted results, including, but not limited to, factors affecting its revenue and EBITDA growth, margin trends, liquidity position, covenant compliance and changes to its capital structure. The Company also attempts to identify and subsequently track any developments at the portfolio company, within its customer or vendor base or within the industry or the macroeconomic environment, generally, that may alter any material element of its original investment thesis. This analysis is specific to each portfolio company. The Company leverages the knowledge gained from its original due diligence process, augmented by this subsequent monitoring, to continually refine its outlook for each of its portfolio companies and ultimately form the valuation of its investment in each portfolio company. When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent sale occurs, the Company will consider the pricing indicated by the external event to corroborate the private valuation. 
 For debt investments, the Company may employ the Market Based Approach (as described below) to assess the total enterprise value of the portfolio company, in order to evaluate the enterprise value coverage of the Company's debt investment. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 

 Market income approach EBITDA multiple x x x Revenue multiple x x x Discount rate Other N/A (2) N/A N/A N/A Second lien Market income approach Discount rate 
 
 (1) Unobservable inputs were weighted by the relative fair value of the investments. 
 
 The BMO Subscription Line (as defined below) and the Unsecured Management Company Revolver (as defined below) are considered Level III investments. See Note 6. Borrowings for details. 
 Fair value risk factors The Company seeks investment opportunities that offer the possibility of attaining substantial capital appreciation. Certain events particular to each industry in which the Company's portfolio companies conduct their operations, as well as general economic, political and health conditions may have a significant negative impact on the operations and profitability of the Company's investments and/or on the fair value of the Company's investments. The Company's investments are subject to the risk of non-payment of scheduled interest or principal, resulting in a reduction in 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 

Note 5. 
 which began on December 14, 2022, and thereafter would continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Company's board of directors, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company and (B) the vote of a majority of the Company's directors who are not parties to the Investment Management Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act. Under the Investment Management Agreement, the Investment Adviser manages the day-to-day operations of, and provides investment advisory services to, the Company. For providing these services, the Investment Adviser receives an annual base management fee and incentive fee from the Company. Although the initial term of the Investment Management Agreement would not have expired until December 14, 2024, the Company's board of directors most recently re-approved the Investment Management Agreement on January 30, 2024 at an in-person meeting, for a period of months commencing on March 1, 2024. 
 Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, the base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears at an annual rate of of the aggregate contributed capital from all unitholders (including any outstanding borrowings under any subscription line drawn in lieu of capital calls) less any return of capital distributions and less any cumulative realized losses since inception (calculated net of any subsequently reversed realized losses and net of any realized gains) as of the last day of the applicable quarter. For the period from the effective date of the Investment Management Agreement through the one year anniversary of the Initial Drawdown Date (as defined in the Investment Management Agreement), the base management fee shall be reduced by (for the avoidance of doubt, this results in an annual rate of through May 31, 2024, the one year anniversary of the Initial Drawdown Date). Because the one year anniversary of the Initial Drawdown Date occurs on a date other than the last day of a calendar quarter, the management fee shall be prorated for such calendar quarter and calculated based on the number of days in such period up to, and including, the one year anniversary of the Initial Drawdown Date. The base management fee could be reduced by any voluntary fee waivers made by the Investment Adviser. The management fee will be reduced, but not below , by any amounts paid by the Company or its subsidiaries to a placement agent, any organizational and offering expenses in excess of the lesser of or of the aggregate Capital Commitments pursuant to the Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement (as defined below), and any fund expenses in excess of the Specified Expenses Cap (as defined below). 
 The Investment Adviser has entered into agreements with placement agents that provide for ongoing payments from the Investment Adviser based upon the amount of a unitholder's Capital Commitment or capital contributions. Neither the Company nor any unitholders will bear any of the fees paid to placement agents of the Company as any such fees paid by the Company will offset the management fees. 
 The incentive fee consists of components that are independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. A portion of the incentive fee is based on a percentage of the Company's income and a portion is based on a percentage of the Company's capital gains, each as described below. 
 Incentive Fee on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 The portion based on the Company's income (the "Income Incentive Fee") is based on pre-incentive fee net investment income ("Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income"). Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income means interest income, dividend income and any fee income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, upfront, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus the Company's operating expenses for the quarter (including the management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, and any interest expense and distributions paid on any issued and outstanding preferred units, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 

 per quarter annualized). 
 The Company will pay the Investment Adviser an incentive fee quarterly in arrears with respect to the Company's Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 no incentive fee based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in any calendar quarter in which the Company's Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the hurdle rate of annualized); 
 of the dollar amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than or equal to a rate of return of annualized). The Company refers to this portion of the Company's Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than as the "catch-up." The "catch-up" is meant to provide the Investment Adviser with approximately of the Company's Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this net investment income exceeds in any calendar quarter; and 
 of the dollar amount of the Company's Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds a rate of return of annualized). This reflects that once the hurdle rate is reached and the catch-up is achieved, of all Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income thereafter is allocated to the Investment Adviser. 
 For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023, there were incentive fees waived. The fees that are payable under the Investment Management Agreement for any partial period will be appropriately prorated. 
 Incentive Fee on Capital Gains 
 The second component of the incentive fee is the capital gains incentive fee. The Company will pay the Investment Adviser an incentive fee with respect to the Company's cumulative realized capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation since inception ("Cumulative Net Realized Gains") based on the waterfall below: 
 a. First, no incentive fee is payable to the Investment Adviser on Cumulative Net Realized Gains until total return of capital distributions, distributions of net investment income and distributions of net realized capital gains to unitholders is equal to total capital contributions; 
 b. Second, no incentive is payable to the Investment Adviser on Cumulative Net Realized Gains until the Company has paid cumulative distributions equal to an annualized, cumulative internal rate of return of on the total contributed capital to the Company calculated from the date that each such amount was due to be contributed to the Company until the date each such distribution is paid; 
 c. Third, upon a distribution that results in cumulative distributions exceeding the amounts in clause (a) and (b) above, an incentive fee on capital gains payable to the Investment Adviser equal to of the amount of Cumulative Net Realized Gains until the Investment Adviser has received (together with amounts the Investment Adviser has received under Income Incentive Fees) an amount equal to of the sum of (i) the cumulative distributions to unitholders made pursuant to clause (b) above, (ii) Income Incentive Fee paid to the Investment Adviser and (iii) amounts paid to the Investment Adviser pursuant to this clause (c); and 
 d. Thereafter, an incentive fee on capital gains equal to of additional undistributed Cumulative Net Realized Gains. 
 Upon termination of the Company, the Investment Adviser will be required to return incentive fees to the Company to the extent that: (i) the Investment Adviser has received cumulative incentive fees in excess of of the sum of (A) the Company's cumulative distributions other than return of capital contributions and (B) the cumulative incentive fees paid to the Investment Adviser; or (ii) the unitholders have not received a cumulative internal rate of return; provided that in no event will such restoration be more than the incentive fees received by the Investment Adviser. 
 In accordance with GAAP, the Company accrues a hypothetical capital gains incentive fee based upon the cumulative net realized capital gains and realized capital losses and the cumulative net unrealized capital appreciation and unrealized capital depreciation on investments held at the end of each period. The accrual for any capital gains incentive fee under GAAP in a given period may result in an additional expense if such cumulative amount is greater than in the prior period or a reduction 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 

 and waives any income based incentive fees that would have been earned at the current hurdle rate of , so long as the average three-month SOFR over the trailing three-month period (the Three Month SOFR is equal to or greater than on the last day of the applicable quarter. If the Three Month SOFR falls below on the last day of the applicable quarter, the hurdle rate will reset to . Additionally, through the Waiver Agreement and with respect to the incentive fee on capital gains, the annualized, cumulative internal rate of return will be calculated using a Weighted Average Hurdle Rate (as defined in the Waiver Agreement) that takes into account any hurdle rate increases during the year. 
 Expense Limitation 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Adviser has agreed to reduce and/or waive its management fee (the "Specified Expenses Cap") each year such that the Company will not be required to pay Specified Expenses (as defined below) in excess of a maximum aggregate amount in any calendar year (prorated for partial years and portions of years for which each applicable prong of the cap applies) equal to: (1) during the Closing Period, of the greater of (A) or (B) actual aggregate Capital Commitments as of the end of such calendar year, (2) at the end of the Closing Period until the end of the Investment Period, of aggregate Capital Commitments and (3) after the end of the Investment Period, of the Company's average Members' Capital for the calendar year. Further, if the actual aggregate committed capital of the Company at the end of the Closing Period is less than , the prong of the Specified Expenses Cap in clause (1) above will be retroactively adjusted to equal of aggregate Capital Commitments at the end of the Closing Period, and the Investment Adviser has agreed to further reduce and/or waive its management fee for the year in which the Closing Period ends in an amount equal to the difference between (A) the amount that would have been required to be waived/reimbursed pursuant to clause (1) above as adjusted and (B) the amount previously waived/reimbursed pursuant to clause (1) above. "Specified Expenses" of the Company means all Company Expenses (as defined under "Fund Expenses" in the limited liability company agreement, as amended and restated on July 10, 2023, the "A R LLC Agreement") incurred in the operation of the Company with the exception of: (i) the management fee, (ii) any incentive fees, (iii) Organizational and Offering Expenses (as defined in the A R LLC Agreement) (which are subject to the Organizational and Offering Expense Cap as defined in the A R LLC Agreement), (iv) Placement Fees (as defined in the A R LLC Agreement), (v) interest on and fees and expenses arising out of all Company indebtedness and other financing, (vi) costs of any litigation and damages (including the costs of any indemnity or contribution right granted to any placement agent or third-party finder engaged by the Company or its affiliates) and (vii) for the avoidance of doubt, if applicable, any investor level withholding or other taxes. 
 If, while the Investment Adviser is the investment adviser to the Company, the annualized Specified Expenses for a given calendar year are less than the Specified Expenses Cap, the Investment Adviser shall be entitled to reimbursement by the Company of the compensation waived and other expenses borne by the Investment Adviser (the "Reimbursement Amount") on behalf of the Company pursuant to the expense limitation and reimbursement agreement between the Company and the Investment Adviser (the "Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement") during any of the previous , and provided that such amount paid to the Investment Adviser will in no event exceed the total Reimbursement Amount and will not include any amounts previously reimbursed. The Reimbursement Amount plus the annualized Specified Expenses for a given calendar year shall not exceed the Specified Expenses Cap. The Investment Adviser may recapture a Specified Expense in any year within the period after the Investment Adviser bears the expense. For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023, there have been no reimbursements from the Investment Adviser pursuant to this provision. 
 The Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement may be amended by mutual agreement of the parties, provided that any amendment that could result in an increase in expenses borne by the Company also must be approved by vote of a majority of the outstanding Units. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 

 Less: management fee waiver ) Net management fee Incentive fee, excluding accrued incentive fees on capital gains 
 For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023, incentive fee on capital gains was accrued or owed under the Investment Management Agreement by the Company, as return of capital distributions, distributions of net investment income and distributions of net realized capital gains to unitholders did not exceed capital contributions. 
 The Company has entered into an administration agreement with the Administrator (the "Administration Agreement"), under which the Administrator provides administrative services. The Administration Agreement was most recently re-approved by the Company's board of directors on January 30, 2024 for a period of 12 months commencing on March 1, 2024. The Administrator maintains, or oversees the maintenance of, the Company's financial records, prepares reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), generally monitors the payment of the Company's expenses and oversees the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others. The Administrator has hired a third party sub-administrator to assist with the provision of administrative services. The Company reimburses the Administrator for the Company's allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations to the Company under the Administration Agreement, including compensation of the Company's chief financial officer and chief compliance officer, and their respective staffs. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement and further restricted by the Company, the Administrator may, in its own discretion, submit to the Company for reimbursement some or all of the expenses that the Administrator has incurred on behalf of the Company during any quarterly period. As a result, the amount of expenses for which the Company will have to reimburse the Administrator may fluctuate in future quarterly periods and there can be no assurance given as to when, or if, the Administrator may determine to limit the expenses that the Administrator submits to the Company for reimbursement in the future. The Administrator cannot recoup any expenses that the Administrator has previously waived. For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023, approximately of indirect administrative expenses were included in administrative expenses, of which were waived by the Administrator. As of December 31, 2023, there were no indirect administrative expenses included in payable to affiliates. 
 The Company, the Investment Adviser and the Administrator have also entered into a Trademark License Agreement, as amended (the "Trademark License Agreement"), with New Mountain Capital, pursuant to which New Mountain Capital has agreed to grant the Company, the Investment Adviser and the Administrator a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the "New Mountain Capital" name. Under the Trademark License Agreement, subject to certain conditions, the Company, the Investment Adviser and the Administrator will have a right to use the "New Mountain Capital" name, for so long as the Investment Adviser or one of its affiliates remains the investment adviser of the Company. Other than with respect to this limited license, the Company, the Investment Adviser and the Administrator will have no legal right to the "New Mountain Capital" name. 
 The Investment Adviser and its affiliates may also manage other funds in the future that may have investment mandates that are similar, in whole or in part, to the Company's investment mandates. The Investment Adviser and its affiliates may determine that an investment is appropriate for the Company or for one or more of those other funds. In such event, depending on the availability of such investment and other appropriate factors, the Investment Adviser or its affiliates may determine that the Company should invest side-by-side with one or more other funds. Any such investments will be made only to the extent permitted by applicable law and interpretive positions of the SEC and its staff and consistent with the Investment Adviser's allocation procedures. On October 8, 2019, the SEC issued an exemptive order (the "Exemptive Order") to the Investment Adviser and certain of its affiliates, which superseded a prior order issued on December 18, 2017, which permits the Company to co-invest in portfolio companies with certain funds or entities managed by the Investment Adviser or its affiliates in certain negotiated transactions where co-investing would otherwise be prohibited under the 1940 Act, subject to the conditions of the Exemptive Order. Pursuant to the Exemptive Order, the Company is permitted to co-invest with its affiliates if 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 

 maximum amount of revolver borrowings available and a maturity date of December 31, 2025. Refer to Note 6. Borrowings for discussion of the Unsecured Management Company Revolver (as defined below). 
 
 Note 6. 
 . The Unsecured Management Company Revolver generally bears interest at a rate of per annum (as defined in the Uncommitted Revolving Loan Agreement). For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023, interest expense and amortization of financing costs incurred on the Unsecured Management Company Revolver were and , respectively. The weighted average interest rate and effective interest rate on the Unsecured Management Company Revolver for the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023 were and , respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2023, there was outstanding balance under the Unsecured Management Company Revolver. 
 BMO Subscription Line On June 29, 2023, the Company entered into a Loan Authorization Agreement with BMO Bank N.A. (formerly known as BMO Harris Bank N.A., "BMO") (as amended, from time to time, the "Loan Authorization Agreement"), which allows the Company to borrow on a revolving credit basis an aggregate principal amount which cannot exceed (the "BMO Subscription Line"). All outstanding borrowings under the BMO Subscription Line are due on BMO's demand within business days or on the date after each advance date, which varies throughout the period. The BMO Subscription Line is collateralized by the unfunded Capital Commitments of each of the Company's unitholders. All fees associated with the origination and amendment of the BMO Subscription Line are capitalized on the Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Members' Capital and amortized and charged against income as other financing costs over the life of the BMO Subscription Line. The BMO Subscription Line bears interest at the greater of the prime commercial rate minus per annum or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") Quoted Rate (as defined below) for such day plus per annum. SOFR Quoted Rate means as of any day of determination, 3-month Term SOFR on the date that is two U.S. Government 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 

 . 
 For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023, interest expense and amortization of financing costs incurred on the BMO Subscription Line were and , respectively. The weighted average interest rate and effective interest rate on the BMO Subscription Line for the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2023 there was outstanding balance on the BMO Subscription Line. 

Note 7. 

Note 8. 
 , outstanding bridge financing commitments and other future funding commitments of . The unfunded commitments on revolving credit facilities and delayed draws are disclosed on the Company's Schedule of Investments. 
 The Company also had revolving borrowings available under the Unsecured Management Company Revolver and BMO Subscription Line as of December 31, 2023. See Note 6. Borrowings , for details. 
 The Company may from time to time enter into financing commitment letters. As of December 31, 2023 the Company had commitment letters to purchase investments in the aggregate par amount of , which could require funding in the future. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 

 Note 9. 
 May 31, 2023 June 14, 2023 September 15, 2023 September 29, 2023 October 17, 2023 October 31, 2023 October 25, 2023 November 8, 2023 December 18, 2023 December 29, 2023 
 November 3, 2023 November 7, 2023 December 29, 2023 December 19, 2023 December 28, 2023 December 29, 2023 
 
 Note 10. 
 Distributions in excess of net realized gains Contributed capital ) 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 

 Capital gains Return of capital Total 
 . For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023 Tax cost Gross unrealized appreciation on investments Gross unrealized depreciation on investments ) Total investments at fair value 
 As of December 31, 2023, the components of distributable earnings on a tax basis differ from the amounts reflected per the Company's Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Members' Capital by temporary book/tax differences primarily arising from differences between the tax and book basis of the Company's investment in securities held directly and undistributed income.) Other temporary differences ) Undistributed ordinary income Unrealized depreciation Total 
 The Company is subject to a 4.0 nondeductible federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless the Company distributes, in a timely manner as required by the Code, an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98.0 of its respective net ordinary income earned for the calendar year and (2) 98.2 of its respective capital gain net income for the one-year period ending October 31 in the calendar year. For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023, the Company does not expect to incur any excise taxes. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 

 Ordinary dividends(1) Long-term capital gains Qualified dividend income Dividends received deduction Interest-related dividends(2) Qualified short-term capital gains(2) Return of capital 
 
 (1) Ordinary dividends are from the Company's net investment income and net short-term capital gains for the year. This type of dividend is reported as ordinary income. Ordinary dividend distributions from a RIC generally do not qualify for the preferential tax rate on dividend income from domestic corporations and qualified foreign corporations except to the extent that the RIC received the income in the form of qualifying dividends from domestic corporations and qualified foreign corporations. 
 (2) Interest-related dividends and short-term capital gain dividends received by nonresident aliens and foreign corporations are generally eligible for exemption from U.S. withholding tax in accordance with Sections 871(k) and 881(e) of the Code. 
 
 Note 11. 
 Denominator for basic diluted weighted average unit: Basic diluted earnings per unit: 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 

 Note 12. 
 Net investment income (loss) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses)(2) Total net increase (decrease) Distributions declared to unitholders from net investment income ) Members' capital, December 31, 2023 Total return based on members' capital(3) Units outstanding at end of period Average weighted Units outstanding for the period Average members' capital for the period Ratio to average members' capital: Net investment income (loss)(4) Total expenses, before waivers(4) Total expenses, net of waivers(4) Average debt outstanding Unsecured Management Company Revolver Average debt outstanding BMO Subscription Line Asset coverage ratio(5) N/A Portfolio turnover Capital Commitments Funded Capital Commitments of Capital Commitments funded 
 
 (1) Per unit data is based on weighted average units outstanding for the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2023 (except for distributions declared to unitholders, which are based on actual rate per unit). 
 (2) The total amount shown may not correspond with the aggregate amount for the period as it includes the effect of the timing of capital transactions which for the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023 was ). 
 (3) Total return is calculated assuming an initial purchase price of per Unit and a sale at members' capital per Unit on the last day of the period. Dividends and distributions, if any, are assumed for purposes of this calculation, to be reinvested at members' capital per Unit on the last day of the respective quarter. Total return calculation is not annualized. 
 (4) Annualized, except organizational and offering costs. 
 . 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (Continued) 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 

 Note 13. 
 
 Note 14. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

The terms "we", "us", "our" and the "Company" refers to New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of December 31, 2023 (the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K), we, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")). Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of such possible controls and procedures. 
 (b) Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 This annual report does not contain an annual report of management's assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report from our registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for newly reporting companies. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management has not identified any change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 (a) None. 
 (b) For the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2023, 
 We have adopted insider trading policies and procedures governing the purchase, sale, and disposition of the our securities by our officers and directors that are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

The terms "we", "us", "our" and the "Company" refers to New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of our board of directors (our "Board"). Our Board appoints our officers, who serve at the discretion of our Board. Our Board has an audit committee, a nominating and corporate governance committee and a valuation committee and may establish additional committees from time to time as necessary. Our Board consists of five members, three of whom are not "interested persons" of the Company (the "Independent Directors") as that term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"). Our governing documents also give our Board sole authority to appoint directors to fill vacancies that are created either through an increase in the number of directors or due to the resignation, removal or death of any director. There were no legal proceedings of the type described in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years against any of our the directors, director nominees, officers, or promoters and none are currently pending. There is no arrangement or understanding between any of our directors or officers pursuant to which they were selected as directors or officers and the Company or any other person or entity. 
 Directors 
 Information regarding our Board is set forth below. The directors have been divided into two groups: Independent Directors and interested directors. Our interested directors are "interested persons" as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. The address for each director is c/o New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C., 1633 Broadway, 48th Floor, New York, New York 10019. Name Age Position(s) Director Since Independent Directors Alfred F. Hurley, Jr. 69 Director 2022 David Ogens 69 Director 2022 Rome G. Arnold III 68 Director 2022 Interested Directors John R. Kline 48 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 2022 Adam B. Weinstein 44 Director, Executive Vice President 2022 
 Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors 
 Information regarding each of our executive officers who is not a director is as follows: Name Age Position(s) Officer Since Joseph W. Hartswell 45 Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary 2022 Laura C. Holson 38 Chief Operating Officer 2022 Kris Corbett 48 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 2023 
 The address for each executive officer is c/o New Mountain, 1633 Broadway, 48th Floor, New York, New York 10019. 
 Biographical Information 
 Directors 
 Each of our directors has demonstrated high character and integrity, superior credentials and recognition in his respective field and the relevant expertise and experience upon which to be able to offer advice and guidance to our management. Each of our directors also has sufficient time available to devote to our affairs, is able to work with the other members of the Board and contribute to our success and can represent the long-term interests of our unitholders as a whole. We have selected our current directors to provide a range of backgrounds and experience to our Board. Set forth below is biographical information for each director, including a discussion of the director's particular experience, qualifications, attributes or skills that led us to conclude, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, that the individual should serve as a director, in light of our business and structure. 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

Independent Directors 
 Alfred F. Hurley, Jr. has been our director since December 14, 2022. He has also served as a director of NMFC since 2010, a director of New Mountain Guardian III BDC, L.L.C. and NMF SLF I, Inc. since 2019 and a director of New Mountain Guardian IV BDC, L.L.C. since 2022. From 2016 to 2020, Mr. Hurley served as a director of The Stars Group Inc., a publicly listed technology gaming company, where he served as Lead Director, Chairman of the Compensation Committee, and as a member of the Audit Committee. Following the closing in May 2020 of the merger between Flutter Entertainment and The Stars Group, Inc., Mr. Hurley joined the board of Flutter Entertainment, where he is currently a member of the Remuneration and Nominating Committees. Since 2017, Mr. Hurley has served as a director of Ligado Networks where he serves as the Voting Proxy for the Fortress Investment Group and is a member of the Audit Committee. Since 2018, Mr. Hurley has served as Chairman of TSI Holdings, Inc. Mr. Hurley is a member of TSI s Audit Committee and is Chairman of the Compensation Committee. Since 2014, Mr. Hurley has been the sole member of a consulting business, Alfred F. Hurley, Jr. Company, LLC. From 2013 to 2020, Mr. Hurley was a member of the board of directors of Datasite, where he served as Chairman of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee and as a member of the Audit Committee until the sale of the company in December 2020. Furthermore, Mr. Hurley served as Vice Chairman at Emigrant Bank and Emigrant Bancorp (collectively, the "Bank") from 2007 and 2009, respectively, until 2012. He also served as a Consultant to the Bank during 2013. In addition, Mr. Hurley served as Chairman of the Bank's Credit and Risk Management Committee from 2008 to 2012 and as Acting Chief Risk Officer from 2009 to 2012. Before joining the Bank, Mr. Hurley was the Chief Executive Officer of M. Safra Co., a private money management firm, from 2004 to 2007. Prior to joining M. Safra Co., Mr. Hurley worked at Merrill Lynch ("ML") from 1976 to 2004. His most recent management positions included serving as Senior Vice President of ML Co. and Head of Global Private Equity Investing, Managing Director and Head of Japan Investment Banking and Capital Markets, Managing Director and Co-Head of the Global Manufacturing and Services Group, and Managing Director and Head of the Global Automotive Aerospace and Transportation Group. As part of the management duties described above, he was a member of the Corporate and Institutional Client Group ("CICG") Executive Committee which had global responsibility for the firm s equity, debt, investment banking and private equity businesses, a member of the Japan CICG Executive Committee, and a member of the Global Investment Banking Management and Operating Group Committees. Mr. Hurley graduated from Princeton University with a Bachelor of Arts ("B.A" or "A.B.") in History, cum laude. 
 Mr. Hurley brings his experience in risk management as well as his experience in the banking and money management industries to our Board. This background positions Mr. Hurley well to serve as our director. 
 David Ogens has been our director since December 14, 2022. He has also served as a director of NMFC since 2010, a director of New Mountain Guardian III BDC, L.L.C. and NMF SLF I, Inc. since 2019 and a director of New Mountain Guardian IV BDC, L.L.C. since 2022. From 2019 to 2022, Mr. Ogens served as the CEO and as a Director of HealthBridge LLC. HealthBridge LLC. provides remote patient monitoring and chronic care management services for patients with chronic diseases in their home environment. From 2011 to 2019, Mr. Ogens was the President and a Director of Med Inc., a company that provided complex rehabilitation services to patients with serious muscular/neuro diseases. Previously, Mr. Ogens served as Senior Managing Director and Head of Investment Banking at Leerink Swann LLC, a specialized healthcare investment bank focused on emerging growth healthcare companies, from 2005 to 2009. Prior to serving at Leerink Swann LLC, Mr. Ogens was Chairman and Co-Founder of SCS Financial Services, LLC, a private wealth management firm. Before co-founding SCS Financial Services, LLC in 2002, Mr. Ogens was a Managing Director in the Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs Co, where he served as a senior investment banker and a head of the High Technology Investment Banking Group. Mr. Ogens received his A.B. and Master of Business Administration ("M.B.A.") from the University of Virginia. 
 Mr. Ogens brings his experience in wealth management and investment banking, including experience with debt issuances, as well as industry-specific expertise in the healthcare industry to our Board. This background positions Mr. Ogens well to serve as our director. 
 Rome G. Arnold III has been our director since December 14, 2022. He has also served as a director of NMFC since 2017, a director of New Mountain Guardian III BDC, L.L.C. since 2019 and a director of New Mountain Guardian IV BDC, L.L.C. since 2022. Since January 2017, Mr. Arnold has served as a Senior Advisor at Rose and Co., a financial-technology startup company with a focus on digital media. From January 2012 through August 2016, Mr. Arnold was a Managing Director at UBS Securities in their Energy Group, serving as the Head of Oil Field Services. In addition, Mr. Arnold currently serves as a director of Forbes Energy Services Ltd., an independent oilfield services contractor. Mr. Arnold received his B.A., cum laude, in Psychology and History of Art from Yale College. He received his M.B.A. from Harvard Business School, with High Distinction (Baker Scholar). 
 Mr. Arnold brings his vast experience in investment banking and energy focus to our Board. This background positions Mr. Arnold well to serve as our director. 
 Interested Directors 
 John R. Kline has been our chief executive officer since January 2023 and our president and chairman of the board of directors since December 14, 2022. Mr. Kline has also served as chief executive officer of NMFC, New Mountain Guardian III 
 105 

Table of Contents 

BDC, L.L.C., NMF SLF I, Inc. and New Mountain Guardian IV BDC, L.L.C. since January 2023. Mr. Kline also serves as a Managing Director of New Mountain Capital, a director of NMFC since November 2019 and the chairman of the board of directors of New Mountain Guardian III BDC, L.L.C. and NMF SLF I, Inc. since 2019, and New Mountain Guardian IV BDC, L.L.C. since 2022. He previously served as Chief Operating Officer of NMFC, New Mountain Guardian III BDC, L.L.C. and NMF SLF I, Inc. from 2019 to February 2022. Prior to joining New Mountain Capital in 2008, he worked at GSC Group Inc. ("GSC") from 2001 to 2008 as an investment analyst and trader for GSC Group Inc.'s control distressed and corporate credit funds. From 1999 to 2001, Mr. Kline was with Goldman Sachs Co. where he worked in the Credit Risk Management and Advisory Group. He currently serves as a director of UniTek Global Services, Inc. Mr. Kline received an A.B. degree in History from Dartmouth College. 
 Mr. Kline's depth of experience in managerial operational positions in investment management and financial services and as a member of other corporate boards of directors, as well as his intimate knowledge of our business and operations, provides our Board valuable industry- and company-specific knowledge and expertise. 
 Adam B. Weinstein has been our director since December 14, 2022 and has served as our executive vice president since December 14, 2022. Mr. Weinstein also serves as a Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer of New Mountain Capital and has been in various roles since joining in 2005. Additionally, Mr. Weinstein serves as executive vice president, chief administrative officer and director of NMFC and executive vice president of New Mountain Guardian III BDC, L.L.C., NMF SLF I, Inc. and New Mountain Guardian IV BDC, L.L.C. Prior to joining New Mountain Capital in 2005, Mr. Weinstein was a Manager at Deloitte Touche LLP and worked in that firm's merger and acquisition and private equity investor services areas. He also currently serves as a director of Bellerophon Therapeutics Inc., Great Oaks Foundation and Victory Education Partners. Mr. Weinstein sits on a number of boards of directors for professional and non-profit organizations. Mr. Weinstein received his B.S. from Binghamton University, is a member of the AICPA and is a New York State Certified Public Accountant. 
 Mr. Weinstein brings his industry-specific expertise and background in accounting to our board of directors. This background positions Mr. Weinstein well to serve as our director. 
 Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors 
 Joseph W. Hartswell has been our Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary since December 14, 2022. Mr. Hartswell has also served as Chief Compliance Officer and corporate secretary of NMFC, New Mountain Guardian III BDC, L.L.C. and NMF SLF I, Inc. since March 2022 and New Mountain Guardian IV BDC, L.L.C. since May 2022. Since 2015, Mr. Hartswell has served as a Managing Director and the Chief Compliance Officer of New Mountain Capital. Prior to New Mountain, Mr. Hartswell was the Chief Compliance Officer for Mount Kellett Capital Management LP, a global investment firm focused on distressed, special situations and opportunistic investing. Prior to joining Mount Kellett, Mr. Hartswell was a Director, Asset Management Financial Services Regulatory Practice for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ("PwC") where he assisted with the development of compliance programs for hedge funds, private equity funds, venture capital funds, registered investment companies, separate accounts and business development companies. Prior to PwC, Mr. Hartswell was a Vice President and Deputy Chief Compliance Officer for AIG Investments where he assisted with strategies and operational planning for a global asset manager and its SEC registered investment advisers and served as the designated Chief Compliance Officer for products registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Prior to AIG Investments, Mr. Hartswell was a Securities Compliance Examiner for the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Mr. Hartswell holds a Bachelor of Science ("B.S.") in Finance and International Business from the University of Maryland and is a CFA charterholder. 
 Laura C. Holson has been our Chief Operating Officer since December 14, 2022. Ms. Holson has also served as Chief Operating Officer of NMFC, New Mountain Guardian III BDC, L.L.C. and NMF SLF I, Inc. since March 2022 and New Mountain Guardian IV BDC, L.L.C. since May 2022. Since joining New Mountain Capital in 2009, Ms. Holson has worked on both the private equity and credit deal teams. From 2017 until 2021, Ms. Holson served as Head of Capital Markets; in this capacity, she managed the Firm s financing activities and relationships across its various product lines. Before joining New Mountain, Ms. Holson worked in Healthcare Investment Banking at Morgan Stanley in New York. Ms. Holson received a B.S. in Economics with concentrations in Finance and Marketing from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, where she graduated magna cum laude. 
 Kris Corbett has been our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since November 27, 2023. Mr. Corbett has also served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of NMFC, New Mountain Guardian III BDC, L.L.C., New Mountain Guardian IV BDC, L.L.C. and NMF SLF I, Inc. since November 27, 2023. Mr. Corbett previously served as a Senior Vice President, Controller and Treasurer of both Blackstone Private Credit Fund and Blackstone Secured Lending Fund. Prior to joining Blackstone in 2016, Mr. Corbett was a Managing Director at Perella Weinberg Partners where he performed roles in finance, accounting and financial reporting within alternative asset management. Prior to Perella Weinberg Partners, Mr. Corbett held a variety of positions in accounting and financial reporting at King Street Capital Management and Ziff Brothers Investments. He began his career in public accounting at Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP. Mr. Corbett received a Bachelor of Business 
 106 

Table of Contents 

Administration in Accounting from University of Massachusetts and is a Certified Public Accountant in the state of New York and a CFA charterholder. 
 Our Board has adopted a code of ethics that applies to our executive officers, which forms part of our broader compliance policies and procedures. See Item 1. Business Compliance Policies and Procedures in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The Board met three times throughout 2023 and acted on various occasions by written consent. All directors then in office attended at least 75 of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board held during the period for which they were a director and of the respective committees on which they served during 2023. 
 Audit Committee 
 The audit committee operates pursuant to a charter approved by our Board. The charter sets forth the responsibilities of the audit committee. The audit committee's responsibilities include selecting our independent registered public accounting firm, reviewing with such independent registered public accounting firm the planning, scope and results of their audit of our financial statements, pre-approving the fees for services performed, reviewing with the independent registered public accounting firm the adequacy of internal control systems, reviewing our annual financial statements and periodic filings and receiving our audit reports and financial statements. The audit committee has also established guidelines and makes recommendations to our Board regarding the valuation of our investments. The audit committee is responsible for aiding our Board in determining the fair value of debt and equity securities that are not publicly traded or for which current market values are not readily available. The Board and the audit committee may utilize the services of nationally recognized third-party valuation firms to help determine the fair value of material assets. The audit committee is composed of Messrs. Hurley, Ogens and Arnold. Mr. Arnold serves as Chairman of the audit committee. Our Board has determined that Alfred F. Hurley, Jr., David Ogens and Rome G. Arnold III are "audit committee financial experts" as that term is defined under Item 407 of Regulation S-K, as promulgated under the Exchange Act. All audit committee members meet the current independence and experience requirements of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We and the Investment Adviser have adopted the Code of Ethics and the Adviser's Code of Ethics, each of which establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the code may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code's requirements. You may read the Code of Ethics on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov . 
 Nomination of Directors 
 There have been no material changes to the procedures by which unitholders may recommend nominees to our Board implemented since the filing of Amendment No.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10. 
 Insider Trading Policies 
 We have adopted insider trading policies and procedures governing the purchase, sale, and disposition of the our securities by our officers and directors that are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Compensation of Executive Officers 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. Services necessary for our business, including such services provided by our executive officers, are provided by individuals who are employees of the Investment Adviser, pursuant to the terms of our Investment Management Agreement, or through the Administration Agreement. Therefore, our day-to-day investment operations are managed by the Investment Adviser, and most of the services necessary for the origination and administration of our investment portfolio are provided by investment professionals employed by the Investment Adviser. 
 None of our executive officers receive direct compensation from us. We reimburse the Administrator for expenses incurred by it on our behalf in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including the compensation of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO"), and their respective staff. Certain of our executive officers, through their ownership interest in or management positions with the Investment Adviser, may be entitled to a portion of any profits earned by the Investment Adviser, which includes any fees payable to the Investment Adviser under the terms of our Investment Management Agreement, less expenses incurred by the Investment Adviser in performing its services under our Investment Management Agreement. The Investment Adviser may pay additional salaries, bonuses, and individual performance awards and/or individual performance bonuses to our executive officers in addition to their ownership interest. 
 Compensation of Directors 
 The following table sets forth compensation of our directors for the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash All Other Compensation(2) Total Interested Directors(1) John R. Kline Adam B. Weinstein Independent Directors Alfred F. Hurley, Jr. 8,125 8,125 David Ogens 9,125 9,125 Rome G. Arnold III 9,750 9,750 
 
 (1) No compensation will be paid to directors who are "interested persons," as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. 
 (2) We do not maintain a stock or option plan, non-equity incentive plan or pension plan for our directors. 
 Each of our Independent Directors receive an annual retainer fee of 5,000, payable once per year, if the director attends at least 75 of the meetings held during the previous year. In addition, Independent Directors receive 625 for each regularly scheduled board meeting and 250 for each special board meeting that they participate in. For this purpose, actions taken by written consent relating to matters that supplement or follow up on items covered at regularly scheduled board meetings are treated as special board meetings. We also reimburse Independent Directors for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with participating in each board meeting. For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023, out-of-pocket expenses reimbursed were 14. 
 With respect to each audit committee meeting not held concurrently with a board meeting, our Independent Directors are reimbursed for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with participating in such audit committee meeting. In addition, the chairman of the audit committee receives an annual retainer of 1,875, the chairman of the nominating and corporate governance committee receives an annual retainer of 250 and the chairman of the valuation committee receives an annual retainer of 1,250. 
 Compensation Committee 
 We currently do not have a compensation committee. 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 During fiscal year 2023, none of our executive officers served on the board (or a compensation committee thereof or other board committee performing equivalent functions) of any entities that had one or more executive officers serve on our compensation committee or on our Board. No executive officer or member of our Board participated in deliberations of the 
 108 

Table of Contents 

Board concerning executive officer compensation. No member of our Board had any relationship requiring disclosure under any paragraph of Item 404 of Regulation S-K. 
 Compensation Committee Report 
 Currently, we do not compensate any of our executive officers, and as such we are not required to produce a report on executive officer compensation for inclusion in our annual report on Form 10-K. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The following table sets forth, as of March 5, 2024, the beneficial ownership of each current director, our executive officers, each person known to us to beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding Units, and the executive officers and directors as a group. Percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 10,560,000 Units outstanding as of March 5, 2024. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the Units. Ownership information for those persons who beneficially own more than 5 of our Units is based upon filings by such persons with the SEC and other information obtained from such persons, if available. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that each beneficial owner set forth in the table has sole voting and investment power over such Units. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of all executive officers and directors is c/o New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C., 1633 Broadway, 48th Floor, New York, New York 10019. Name Type of Ownership Number of Units Owned Percentage Interested Directors John R. Kline Adam B. Weinstein Independent Directors Alfred F. Hurley, Jr. David Ogens Rome G. Arnold III Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors Joseph W. Hartswell Kris Corbett Laura C. Holson All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (8 persons) Five-Percent Unitholders Caisse de retraite d'Hydro-Qu bec(1) Record 5,000,000 47.35 Suva(2) Record 1,932,250 18.30 New Mountain Guardian Investments IV Unlevered, L.L.C.(3) Record 1,900,000 17.99 Pensions Caixa 30, Fondo De Pensiones(4) Record 816,500 7.73 Vidacaixa, S.A.U. De Seguros Y Reaseguros(5) Record 545,000 5.16 
 
 (1) Based upon information contained the the Schedule 13G/A filed February 14, 2024 by Caisse de retraite d'Hydro-Qu bec. Caisse de retraite d'Hydro-Qu bec is a pension plan whose address is 75 Rene-Levesque Blvd West, 5th Floor, Montreal (Quebec) H2Z 1A4 Canada. 
 (2) Based upon information contained in the Schedule 13G filed December 28, 2023 by Suva. Suva is a non-profit Swiss public law institution whose address is Fluhmattstrasse 1 Postfach 4358, 6002 Luzern, Switzerland. 
 (3) Based upon information contained in the Schedule 13D/A filed December 20, 2023 by New Mountain Guardian Investments IV Unlevered, L.L.C. New Mountain Guardian Investments IV Unlevered, L.L.C. is a Delaware limited liability company whose address is 1633 Broadway, 48th Floor, New York, NY 10019. 
 (4) Based upon information contained in the Schedule 13D/A filed December 20, 2023 by Pensions Caixa 30, Fondo De Pensiones. Pensions Caixa 30, Fondo De Pensiones is a corporate pension fund whose address is Paseo De La Castellana 189, 1st 2nd Floors, Madrid Spain 28046. 
 (5) Based upon information contained in the Schedule 13 D/A filed December 20, 2023 by Vidacaixa, S.A.U. De Seguros Y Reaseguros. Vidacaixa, S.A.U. De Seguros Y Reaseguros is an insurance company whose address is Paseo De La Castellana 189, 1st 2nd Floors, Madrid Spain 28046. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Transactions with Related Persons; Review, Approval or Ratification of Transaction with Related Persons 
 Investment Management Agreement; Administration Agreement 
 We have entered into the Investment Management Agreement with our Investment Adviser pursuant to which we pay management fees and incentive fees to the Investment Adviser, and we have entered into the Administration Agreement with the Administrator pursuant to which we make payments equal to an amount that reimburses the Administrator for the costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations and providing personnel and facilities under the Administration Agreement. 
 The Investment Management Agreement and the Administration Agreement were approved by our Board at the initial Board meeting. The Investment Management Agreement and Administration Agreement will automatically terminate within the meaning of the 1940 Act and related SEC guidance and interpretations in the event of its assignment. See " Item 1A. Risk Factors Certain General Risks of an Investment in our Units Role of New Mountain and its Professionals; No Dedicated Investment Team " in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each of the Investment Management Agreement and the Administration Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, upon 60 days' written notice, provided, that, such termination will be directed or approved by the vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, by the vote of our directors, or by the Investment Adviser or Administrator (as applicable). If the Investment Management Agreement is terminated according to this paragraph, we will pay the Investment Adviser a pro-rated portion of the management fee. 
 Our Board approved the Investment Management Agreement with the Investment Adviser on December 14, 2022. The Investment Management Agreement had a term of two years which began on December 14, 2022. Although the initial two year term of the Investment Management Agreement and Administration Agreement each would not have expired until December 14, 2024, our Board most recently re-approved each of the Investment Management Agreement and Administration Agreement on January 30, 2024 at an in-person meeting, for a period of 12 months commencing on March 1, 2024. 
 Trademark License Agreement 
 We have entered into a Trademark License Agreement with New Mountain Capital, pursuant to which New Mountain Capital will agree to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the "New Mountain Capital" names under the Trademark License Agreement, subject to certain conditions, we, the Investment Adviser and the Administrator will have a right to use the "New Mountain Capital" names, for so long as the Investment Adviser or one of its affiliates remains our investment adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, we will have no legal right to the "New Mountain Capital" name. 
 Potential Conflicts of Interest 
 Valuation Matters 
 Most of our portfolio investments are made in the form of securities that are not publicly traded. As a result, the Board determines the fair value of these securities in good faith. In connection with this determination, investment professionals from the Investment Adviser may provide the Board with portfolio company valuations based upon the most recent portfolio company financial statements available and projected financial results of each company in which such portfolio investments are made or the issuers of such portfolio investments (the "Portfolio Companies"). The participation of the Investment Adviser's investment professionals in our valuation process, and the indirect pecuniary interest in the Investment Adviser by a member of the Board, could result in a conflict of interest as the Investment Adviser's management fee and incentive fees are based, in part, on the value of our assets. 
 Incentive Fees 
 The existence of incentive fees may create an incentive for the Investment Adviser to make riskier or more speculative investments on our behalf than would be the case in the absence of such performance-based compensation, although the commitment of capital by New Mountain Capital, L.L.C. ("New Mountain") professionals to us should somewhat reduce this incentive. 
 In addition, the manner in which the Investment Adviser's entitlement to incentive fees is determined may result in a conflict between its interests and the interests of unitholders with respect to the sequence and timing of disposals of investments. For example, the ultimate beneficial owners of the Investment Adviser are generally subject to U.S. federal and local income tax (unlike certain of the unitholders). The Investment Adviser may be incentivized to operate the Company, including to hold and/or sell investments, in a manner that takes into account the tax treatment of its incentive fees. Investors should note in this regard that recently enacted tax reform legislation relating to the taxation of carried interest provide for a lower capital gains tax rate in respect of investments held for at least three years. While the Investment Adviser generally intends to seek to maximize pretax returns for us as a whole, the Investment Adviser may nonetheless be incentivized, for example, to hold investments longer to 
 111 

Table of Contents 

ensure long-term capital gains treatment and/or realize investments prior to any change in law that results in a higher effective income tax rate on its incentive fees. 
 Other Fees 
 The Investment Adviser or its affiliates may from time to time receive compensation from a company in which we hold a portfolio investment, including monitoring fees, financial arranging services, loan administration or servicing, break-up fees, directors' fees and/or other similar advisory fees (collectively, "Transaction Fees"). To the extent the Investment Adviser or its affiliates receive any transaction fees, the base management fee (and, if necessary, the incentive fee) shall be reduced by the allocable portion of such fees attributable to us, as determined pro rata based on the amount of capital committed to the relevant portfolio investment by us, any other funds or accounts managed by the Investment Adviser and its affiliates and/or any account owned or controlled by the Investment Adviser or an affiliate. Transaction fees shall not include any salary, benefits, directors' fees, stock options and other compensation granted or paid by Portfolio Companies to (i) senior advisors for serving in Portfolio Company roles (and New Mountain may reduce the compensation paid by the manager to senior advisors who serve in Portfolio Company roles) or (ii) other New Mountain personnel in respect of services performed in an executive management role at a Portfolio Company during a period in which such other personnel was not an employee of New Mountain. 
 Moreover, New Mountain and its personnel can be expected to receive certain intangible and/or other benefits and/or perquisites arising or resulting from their activities on our behalf which will not be subject to the management fee offset or otherwise shared with us, our unitholders and/or the Portfolio Companies. For example, airline travel or hotel stays incurred as Company expenses typically result in "miles" or "points" or credit in loyalty/status programs, and such benefits and/or amounts will, whether or not de minimis or difficult to value, inure exclusively to New Mountain and/or such personnel (and not us, our unitholders and/or the Portfolio Companies) even though the cost of the underlying service is borne by us and/or the Portfolio Companies. 
 Allocations of Investment Opportunities 
 The Investment Adviser and its affiliates may also manage other accounts in the future that may have investment mandates that are similar, in whole and in part, to our investment mandates. The Investment Adviser and its affiliates may determine that an investment is appropriate for us and for one or more of those other accounts. In such event, depending on the availability of such investment and other appropriate factors, the Investment Adviser or its affiliates may determine that we should invest side-by-side with one or more other accounts. Any such investments will be made only to the extent permitted by applicable law and interpretive positions of the SEC and its staff, and consistent with the Investment Adviser's allocation procedures. 
 It is the policy of the Investment Adviser to allocate investment opportunities to us and to any other accounts on a fair and equitable basis, to the extent practicable and in accordance with our or other accounts' applicable investment strategies, over a period of time, in each case, in accordance with the Investment Adviser's allocation policy. 
 In respect of certain investments where terms other than price are subject to negotiation, we are only able to co-invest with other accounts in accordance with the terms of the exemptive order issued by the SEC on October 8, 2019, as amended on August 30, 2022 (the "Exemptive Order") to the Investment Adviser and certain of its affiliates, which superseded a prior order issued on December 18, 2017, and which requires, among other things, the consent of the Board and the board of any other BDC participating in the transaction. 
 In particular, we will only be able to participate in co-investment opportunities where in accordance with the terms of the Exemptive Order granted by the SEC or where the only term being negotiated is price. Similarly, we will be restricted in our ability to dispose of certain investments in Portfolio Companies. As a result, we may be forced to forgo certain investment or disposition opportunities that would otherwise be attractive for us to the extent co-investment is not permitted under the 1940 Act. 
 Where the terms of the Exemptive Order relief granted by the SEC are met, including consent of the Board and the board of any other BDC participating in the transaction, or in respect of investment opportunities where the only term negotiated is price, we may typically invest alongside other accounts in accordance with the terms of the Investment Adviser's allocation policy. 
 The Investment Adviser has no obligation to purchase or sell a security for, enter into a transaction on behalf of, or provide an investment opportunity to, us or other accounts solely because the Investment Adviser or its affiliates purchase or sell the same security for, enters into a transaction on behalf of, or provide an opportunity to, another account or us if, in its reasonable opinion, such security, transaction or investment opportunity does not appear to be suitable, practicable or desirable for us or the other account. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

Co-Investments 
 The Investment Adviser and its affiliates may, from time to time, subject to applicable law and conditions of the Investment Adviser's Exemptive Order for co-investment under the 1940 Act, offer one or more unitholders or investors in other accounts and/or other third-party investors the opportunity to co-invest with us in particular investments, including through one or more co-mingled funds designed for co-investment with us. Except as otherwise agreed with any individual unitholders, the Investment Adviser and its affiliates are not obligated to arrange co-investment opportunities, and no unitholders will be obligated to participate in such an opportunity. The Investment Adviser and its affiliates have sole discretion as to the amount (if any) of a co-investment opportunity that will be allocated to particular unitholders or vehicles in which unitholders participate and may allocate co-investment opportunities instead to investors in other accounts or to third parties. The Investment Adviser or its affiliates may receive fees and/or allocations from co-investors, which may differ as among co-investors (and certain co-investors or co-investment vehicles may not be charged any fees), and also may differ from the fees borne by us. 
 Allocation of Personnel 
 The Investment Adviser shall cause its personnel to devote such time as shall be reasonably necessary to conduct our business affairs in an appropriate manner. New Mountain personnel, including those responsible for our affairs, have commitments to, and may work on other projects unrelated to, us, including the other New Mountain products contemplated herein. Such personnel may also (i) serve as members of the boards of directors of various public and private companies other than Portfolio Companies and retain fees for such services for such person's own account, (ii) engage in such civic, trade association (or similar organization), industry and charitable activities as such person shall choose, (iii) conduct and manage such person's personal and family investment and related activities and (iv) engage in any other activities not prohibited by the A R LLC Agreement. Conflicts may arise as a result of such other activities and in allocating management time services and functions. The possibility exists that such companies could engage in transactions which would be suitable for us, but in which we might be unable to invest. See also " Item 1A. Risk Factors Certain General Risks of an Investment in our Units Role of New Mountain and its Professionals; No Dedicated Investment Team " in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Conflicts Related to Portfolio Investments 
 Officers, employees and senior advisors of New Mountain may serve, and certain unitholders may serve, as directors of certain portfolio investments and, in that capacity, will be required to make decisions that consider the best interests of such portfolio investment and its shareholders. In certain circumstances, for example in situations involving bankruptcy or near-insolvency of a Portfolio Company, actions that may be in the best interest of the portfolio investment may not be in our best interests, and vice versa. Accordingly, in these situations, there will be conflicts of interest between such individual's duties as an officer or employee of New Mountain, or as a unitholder, and such individual's duties as a director of the Portfolio Company. A Portfolio Company may enter into transactions with another Portfolio Company or a portfolio company of another New Mountain product. If an issuer in which the Company and a New Mountain-managed or sponsored fund or other investment vehicle hold different classes of securities encounters financial problems, decisions over the terms of any workout will raise conflicts of interest (including conflicts over proposed waivers and amendments to debt covenants and other terms). 
 Diverse Unitholder Group 
 The unitholders are expected to be based in a wide variety of jurisdictions and take a wide variety of forms. The unitholders may have conflicting regulatory, investment, tax and other interests with respect to their investments in us. The conflicting interests of individual unitholders with respect to other unitholders and relative to investors in other investment vehicles may relate to or arise from, among other things, the nature of portfolio investments made by us and other such partnerships, the selection, structuring, acquisition and management of portfolio investments, the timing of disposition of portfolio investments, internal investment policies of the Investment Adviser and unitholders and target risk/return profiles of unitholders. As a consequence, conflicts of interest may arise in connection with the decisions made by the Investment Adviser, including with respect to the nature or structuring of portfolio investments that may be more beneficial for one investor than for another investor, especially with respect to investors' individual tax situations. In addition, we may make portfolio investments which have a negative impact on related investments made by the unitholders in separate transactions. In selecting and structuring portfolio investments appropriate for us, the Investment Adviser will generally consider our investment and tax objectives and our unitholders as a whole, and not the investment, tax or other objectives of any unitholder individually. In addition, certain unitholders may also be limited partners in other New Mountain funds, including co-investment vehicles that may invest alongside us in one or more investments. It is also possible that we or our Portfolio Companies may be counterparties (such counterparties dealt with on an arm's-length basis) or participants in agreements, transactions, or other arrangements with a unitholder or an affiliate of a unitholder. Such unitholders described in the previous two sentences may therefore have different information about New Mountain and us than unitholders not similarly positioned. 
 Certain unitholders have representatives on the advisory committee. The advisory committee has a role in certain matters regarding the Company, including with respect to certain conflicts of interest, in each case as provided in the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement. Members of the advisory committee may have various business and other 
 113 

Table of Contents 

relationships with New Mountain and its affiliates (and may be investors in, and/or serve on similar committees of other New Mountain funds or arrangements, including those engaged in transactions with us). The presence of these other relationships may influence their decisions as members of the advisory committee. 
 Joint Venture Partners 
 In certain instances, the Investment Adviser may seek to make portfolio investments involving one or more joint venture partners, and joint venture partners and other third parties may co-invest with us with respect to certain investments. There can be no assurance that New Mountain's relationship with any existing joint venture partners will continue or that suitable joint venture partners will be found with respect to our investments. To the extent a dispute arises between New Mountain and such joint venture partners, our portfolio investments relating thereto may be affected. 
 Investments by New Mountain Principals and Employees in Us and Other Accounts 
 The New Mountain principals and employees may choose to personally invest, directly and/or indirectly, in us. Investments by the New Mountain principals and employees in us could incentivize the principals and employees to increase or decrease our risk profile. 
 Investments in Securities by Adviser Personnel 
 The New Mountain Code of Ethics places restrictions on personal trades by employees, including that they disclose their personal securities holdings and transactions to New Mountain on a periodic basis, and requires that employees pre-clear certain types of personal securities transactions. The Investment Adviser, its affiliates and their respective employees may give advice or take action for their own accounts that may differ from, conflict with or be adverse to advice given or action taken for us. 
 Investments in Debt Obligations of Issuers 
 Issuers of debt obligations in which we invests may agree to pay for some expenses that would otherwise be expenses of the Investment Adviser, including, without limitation, administrative and overhead expenses. While the Investment Adviser will act in a manner consistent with its fiduciary duties to us, payments of such expenses by such issuers may present a conflict of interest. 
 Allocation of Expenses Among Accounts and Co-Investors 
 The Investment Adviser seeks to fairly allocate expenses among the accounts, including the Company, and any co-investors. Generally, accounts and co-investors that own an investment share in expenses related to such investment, including expenses originally charged solely to any account. However, it is not always possible or reasonable to allocate or re-allocate expenses to a co-investor, depending upon the circumstances surrounding the applicable investment (including the timing of the investment) and the financial and other terms governing the relationship of the co-investor to the accounts with respect to the investment, and, as a result, there may be occasions where co-investors do not bear a proportionate share of such expenses. In addition, where a potential investment is contemplated but ultimately not consummated, potential co-investors generally will not share in any expenses related to such potential investment, including expenses borne by any account with respect to such potential investment. Similarly, there may be circumstances when New Mountain has considered a potential equity investment in a portfolio company on behalf of an account, has determined not to make such equity investment and a debt investment is eventually made in such portfolio company by us, other New Mountain credit funds, or other investment vehicles sponsored by New Mountain. In these circumstances, we, such other New Mountain credit funds, or such other vehicles may benefit from research by New Mountain's investment team and/or from costs borne by the applicable account in pursuing the potential portfolio investment, but will not be required to reimburse such account for expenses incurred in connection with such investment. 
 Cross Transactions 
 To the extent permitted by the 1940 Act, including Rule 17a-7 thereunder, the Investment Adviser may determine that it would be in our best interests and one or more other accounts to transfer a security from one account to another (each such transfer, a "Cross Transaction") for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, tax purposes, liquidity purposes, to rebalance the portfolios of the accounts, or to reduce transaction costs. If the Investment Adviser decides to engage in a Cross Transaction, the Investment Adviser will determine that the trade is in the best interests of both of the accounts involved and take steps to ensure that the transaction is consistent with the duty to obtain best execution for each of those accounts. 
 Among other things, one or more of our subsidiaries may offer to other accounts participations in and/or assignments or sales of loans (or interests therein) that the subsidiaries have originated or purchased. In the event of such an offer, the price of the participation, assignment or sale will be based on the current market price or readily available market quotation of such loans and ascertained in a manner required by the 1940 Act. Further, the decision by such other accounts to accept or reject the relevant subsidiary's offer will be made by a party independent of the Investment Adviser, such as a loan acquisition committee. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

Principal Transactions 
 To the extent that Cross Transactions may be viewed as principal transactions as such term is used under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act") due to the ownership interest in an account by the Investment Adviser or its personnel, the Investment Adviser will comply with the requirements of Section 206(3) of the Advisers Act. In connection with principal transactions, Cross Transactions, related-party transactions and other transactions and relationships involving potential conflicts of interest, the Investment Adviser will consult with the Board on such Cross Transactions; provided that the Investment Adviser will not consult with the Board or the unitholders for the sale of a loan to, or the purchase of a loan from, other accounts that are not principal accounts. Cross Transactions may be made when the Investment Adviser determines that it is in our best interests and other accounts' to effectuate such trades. The Board may be consulted prior to or contemporaneous with, or subsequent to, the consummation of a Cross Transaction. In no event will any such transaction be entered into unless it complies with applicable law. The Board may be exculpated and indemnified by us. 
 Proxy Voting Policy 
 In compliance with Rule 206(4)-6 under the Advisers Act, the Investment Adviser has adopted proxy voting policies and procedures. The general policy is to vote proxy proposals, amendments, consents or resolutions (collectively, "Proxies") in the best interests of its clients. 
 Because our investment program primarily involves investing through privately negotiated transactions, the Investment Adviser typically is not presented with traditional Proxy votes. 
 On the rare occasion we are asked to decide on matters involving voting our ownership interest in a portfolio investment, the Investment Adviser will seek to vote our Proxies in our best interest. It will review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted for a unitholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by us. Although the Investment Adviser will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on our portfolio securities, it may vote for such a proposal if there exists compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 The Proxy voting decisions of the Investment Adviser are made by the senior officers who are responsible for monitoring our investments. To ensure that our vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, we will require that: (a) anyone involved in the decision-making process disclose to our CCO any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a Proxy vote; and (b) employees involved in the decision-making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how the Investment Adviser intends to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
 The Investment Adviser has identified one potential conflict of interest between our interests and its own arising from its Proxy voting process. From time to time, the Investment Adviser may be in a position where it must vote to approve certain directors' participation on the boards of public companies in which we invest. Since the Investment Adviser's employees are permitted to participate on public company boards (upon notification to, or approval by, our CCO, as applicable) there may be situations where the Investment Adviser has a decision as to whether to vote in favor of, or against, a public company director that is also compensated as an employee. If the Investment Adviser determines that it may have, or is perceived to have, a conflict of interest when voting Proxies, the Investment Adviser will either (i) convene a Proxy voting committee to address conflicts or (ii) refrain from voting when doing so is in our best interest. 
 The Investment Adviser Has Different Compensation Arrangements with Other Accounts 
 The Investment Adviser could be subject to a conflict of interest because varying compensation arrangements among us and other accounts could incentivize the Investment Adviser to manage us and such other accounts differently. These and other differences could make us less profitable to the Investment Adviser than certain other accounts. 
 Service Providers 
 The service providers or their affiliates (including any administrators, lenders, brokers, attorneys, consultants, accountants, appraisers, valuation experts, tax advisors, servicers, asset managers and investment banking firms) of us, New Mountain or any of their affiliates may also provide goods or services to or have business, personal, political, financial or other relationships with New Mountain, the Investment Adviser or their affiliates. Such service providers may be investors in us, affiliates of the Investment Adviser and/or sources of investment opportunities and co-investors or counterparties therewith. These relationships may influence the Investment Adviser in deciding whether to select or recommend such a service provider to perform services for us or a Portfolio Company or to have other relationships with New Mountain. Notwithstanding the foregoing, investment transactions for us that require the use of a service provider will generally be allocated to service providers on the basis of best execution, the evaluation of which includes, among other considerations, such service provider's provision of certain investment-related services and research that the Investment Adviser believes to be of benefit to us. Additionally, misconduct by service providers (such as the improper use or disclosure of confidential information which could result in 
 115 

Table of Contents 

litigation or serious financial harm by limiting our business prospects or future activities), which we may not be able to detect and prevent, could cause significant losses to us. 
 Our Self-Administration 
 The Administrator, solely or through the use of any third party sub-administrator, may provide all or any part of fund administration services (including the valuation of our assets) to us. Any costs for providing these services will not be included in the management fee and would be paid separately by us. The Investment Adviser's ability to determine the fund administration fee the Administrator receives from us creates a conflict of interest. The Investment Adviser addresses this conflict by reviewing its fund administration fee as the Investment Adviser believes is appropriate to ensure that it is fair and comparable to equivalent services that could be performed by a non-affiliated third party, at a rate negotiated on an arm's length basis. 
 Brokerage Arrangements 
 Depending upon market conditions and the types of financial instruments purchased and sold by us, we may or may not utilize broker-dealers. To the extent that we effect any transaction through a broker-dealer, we may elect to use one or more prime brokers or other broker-dealers for our transactions. We generally do not expect to enter into transactions in which commissions are charged, but in the event of any commission-based transaction, we will attempt to negotiate the lowest available commission rates commensurate with the particular services provided in connection with the transaction. Consequently, we may select broker-dealers that charge a higher commission or fee than another broker-dealer would have charged for effecting the same transaction. The selection of a broker-dealer will be made on the basis of best execution as determined by the Investment Adviser in its sole discretion, taking into consideration a number of factors, which may include, among others, commission rates, reliability, financial responsibility, strength of the broker-dealer and the ability of the broker-dealer to efficiently execute transactions, the broker-dealer's facilities, and the broker-dealer's provision or payment of the costs of research and other services or property that will be of benefit to us, the Investment Adviser, or other accounts to which the Investment Adviser or any of its affiliates provides investment services. 
 In addition, the Investment Adviser may be influenced in its selection of broker-dealers by their provision of other services, including but not limited to capital introduction, marketing assistance, information technology services, operations and operating equipment and other services or items. Such execution services, research, investment opportunities or other services may be deemed to be "soft dollars." In the event that the Investment Adviser enters into "soft dollar" arrangements, it will do so within the "safe harbor" of Section 28(e) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. 
 Research and Other Soft Dollar Benefits 
 New Mountain has no written, third party "soft dollar" arrangement with any broker-dealer at present, but it may utilize both third party and proprietary research and cause us or other New Mountain products to pay commissions (or markups or markdowns) higher than those charged by other broker dealers in return for proprietary soft dollar benefits. In so doing, New Mountain has an incentive to select or recommend the broker-dealer based on its interest in receiving research or other products or services because New Mountain would not have to pay for such research or services directly. 
 We or other New Mountain products may and will bear more or less of the costs of "soft dollar" or other research than other New Mountain products who benefit from such products or services. These research products or services may and will also benefit and be used to assist other New Mountain products. In addition, research generated for New Mountain's credit strategy will be used to benefit other New Mountain investment strategies and vice versa. 
 In the event that New Mountain does enter into a "soft dollar" arrangement, the following policy will apply to New Mountain's "soft dollar" practices: 
 In selecting a broker for any transaction or series of transactions, New Mountain may consider a number of factors. Where best execution may be obtained from more than one broker, New Mountain may purchase and sell securities through brokers that provide research, statistical and other information, although not all funds may in every instance be the direct beneficiaries of the research services provided. Research furnished by brokers may include, but is not limited to, information on the economy, industries, groups of securities, individual companies, statistical information, accounting and tax law interpretations, political developments, legal developments affecting portfolio securities, technical market action, pricing and appraisal services, credit analysis, risk measurement analysis, performance analysis and analysis of corporate responsibility issues. Such research services are received primarily in the form of written reports, telephone contacts and personal meetings with security analysts. 
 Outside Statements 
 The Investment Adviser and its affiliates and employees have made, and may in the future make, oral and written statements or expressions of intent or expectation to investors in us or their affiliates or acknowledge statements by such persons ("Outside Statements") regarding our or New Mountain's activities pertaining thereto. These may include, for example, the anticipated or expected allocation and terms of co-investment opportunities, the anticipated or expected allocation of investment 
 116 

Table of Contents 

opportunities to us generally and other topics often addressed in legally binding side letters. Although such Outside Statements are not legally binding, such Outside Statements may influence allocation and other decisions of the Investment Adviser and its affiliates and employees with respect to our operations and investment activities and may influence a prospective investor's decision as to whether to invest in us. 
 The foregoing list of conflicts does not purport to be a complete enumeration or explanation of the actual and potential conflicts involved in an investment in us. Prospective investors should read our offering documents and consult with their own advisors before deciding whether to invest in us. In addition, as our investment program develops and changes over time, an investment in us may be subject to additional and different actual and potential conflicts. Although the various conflicts discussed herein are generally described separately, prospective investors should consider the potential effects of the interplay of multiple conflicts. 
 Certain Business Relationships 
 Certain of our current directors and officers are directors or officers of the Investment Adviser. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we may enter into transactions with Portfolio Companies that may be considered related party transactions. In order to ensure that we do not engage in any prohibited transactions with any persons affiliated with us, we have implemented certain policies and procedures whereby our executive officers screen each of our transactions for any possible affiliations between the proposed portfolio investment, us, companies controlled by us and our employees and directors. We will not enter into any agreements unless and until we are satisfied that doing so will not raise concerns under the 1940 Act or, if such concerns exist, we have taken appropriate actions to seek board review and approval or exemptive relief for such transaction. Our Board reviews these procedures on a quarterly basis. 
 We have adopted the Code of Ethics which applies to, among others, our senior officers, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as well as all of our officers, directors and employees. Our Code of Ethics requires that all employees and directors avoid any conflict, or the appearance of a conflict, between an individual's personal interests and our interests. Pursuant to such Code of Ethics, each employee and director must disclose any conflicts of interest, or actions or relationships that might give rise to a conflict, to our CCO. 
 Director Independence 
 Pursuant to Section 56 of the 1940 Act, a majority of a BDC's board of directors must be comprised of persons who are not "interested persons," as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, of the company or any of its affiliates. 
 Consistent with these considerations, after review of all relevant transactions and relationships between each director, or any of his or her family members, and us, the Investment Adviser, or of any of their respective affiliates, the Board has determined that Messrs. Hurley, Ogens and Arnold qualify as Independent Directors. Each director who serves on the audit committee is an Independent Director for purposes of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. 
 Indebtedness of Management 
 None. 
 117 

Table of Contents 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The audit committee and the Independent Directors of our Board have selected Deloitte Touche LLP to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024. 
 Deloitte Touche LLP has advised us that neither the firm nor any present member or associate of it has any material financial interest, direct or indirect, in us or our affiliates. For the period from May 24, 2023 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2023 Audit Fees 70,000 Audit-Related Fees 10,000 Tax Fees 9,700 All Other Fees Total Fees 89,700 
 Audit Fees : Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and reviews of the financial statements filed with the SEC on Forms 10-K and 10-Q. 
 Audit-Related Fees : Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under "Audit Fees". These services include, among other things, providing comfort letters, consents and review of documents filed with the SEC, as well as attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 
 Tax Services Fees : Tax services fees consist of fees billed for professional tax services. These services also include assistance regarding federal, state, and local tax compliance. 
 All Other Fees : Other fees would include fees for products and services other than the services reported above. 
 Pre-Approval Policies 
 The audit committee has established a pre-approval policy that describes the permitted audit, audit-related, consulting services and other services to be provided by Deloitte Touche LLP. The policy requires that the audit committee pre-approve the audit, non-audit and consulting services performed by the independent auditors in order to assure that the provision of such services does not impair the auditors' independence. 
 Any requests for audit, audit-related, tax and other services that have not received general pre-approval must be submitted to the audit committee for specific pre-approval, irrespective of the amount, and cannot commence until such approval has been granted. Normally, pre-approval is provided at regularly scheduled meetings of the audit committee. However, the audit committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members. The member or members to whom such authority is delegated shall report any pre-approval decisions to the audit committee at its next scheduled meeting. The audit committee does not delegate its responsibilities to pre-approve services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm to management. The audit committee pre-approved 100 of services described in this policy. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents Filed as Part of this Report 
 The following financial statements are set forth in Item 8: 
 New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Members' Capital as of December 31, 202 3 
 73 
 Statement of Operations for the period from May 24 , 202 3 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 202 3 
 74 
 Statement of Changes in Members' Capital for the period from May 24 , 202 3 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 202 3 
 75 
 Statement of Cash Flows for the period from May 24 , 202 3 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 202 3 
 76 
 Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 202 3 
 77 
 Notes to the Financial Statements of New Mountain Guardian IV Inc ome Fund , L.L.C 
 84 

119 

Table of Contents 

(b) Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission: Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement , dated as of May 23, 2023 
 3.2 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement dated as of July 10, 2023(4) 
 3.3 Amended and Restated Certificate of Formation, effective as of July 10, 2023(4) 
 4.1 Form of Subscription Agreement(1) 
 4.2 Description of Securities 
 10.1 Investment Advisory and Management Agreement between New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. and New Mountain Finance Adviser BDC, L.L.C., dated December 14, 2022(1) 
 10.2 Administration Agreement between New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. and New Mountain Finance Administration, L.L.C., dated December 14, 2022(1) 
 10.3 Trademark Agreement by and between New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. and New Mountain Capital, L.L.C., dated December 14, 2022(1) 
 10.4 Custodian Agreement between New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. and State Street Bank and Trust Company, dated May 15, 2023(1) 
 10.5 Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement between New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. and New Mountain Finance Advisers BDC, L.L.C.(1) 
 10.6 Transfer Agency and Registrar Services Agreement between New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. and State Street Bank and Trust Company, dated May 15, 2023(1) 
 10.7 Uncommitted Revolving Loan Agreement between New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. and NMF Investments III, L.L.C., dated as of June 23, 2023(2) 
 10.8 Loan Authorization Agreement between New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. and BMO Harris Bank N.A., dated June 29, 2023(3) 
 10.9 Facility Increase Letter Amendment, dated as of October 5, 2023, by and among New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. and BMO Bank N.A.(5) 
 10.10 Fee Waiver Letter Agreement, dated December 18, 2023, delivered pursuant to the Investment Advisory and Management Agreement by and between New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. and New Mountain Finance Advisers BDC, L.L.C.(6) 
 14.1 Code of Ethics and Code of Business Conduct 
 19.1 Insider Trading Policy and Procedures 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries - None 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

(1) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C.'s (formerly known as New Mountain Guardian IV Unlevered BDC, L.L.C) Pre-Effective Amendment No.1 to its Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56554) filed on July 20, 2023. 
 (2) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Guardian IV Unlevered BDC, L.L,C,'s (now known as New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C.) current report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2023. 
 (3) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Guardian IV Unlevered BDC, L.L,C,'s (now known as New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C.) current report on Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2023. 
 (4) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C.'s current report on Form 8-K filed on July 13, 2023. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

(5) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C.'s current report on Form 8-K filed on October 10, 2023. 
 (6) Previously filed in connection with New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C.'s current report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2023. 
 Filed herewith. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 No financial statement schedules are filed herewith because (1) such schedules are not required or (2) the information has been presented in the aforementioned financial statements. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 121 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March 5, 2024. NEW MOUNTAIN GUARDIAN IV INCOME FUND, L.L.C. By: /s/ JOHN R. KLINE John R. Kline 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. SIGNATURE TITLE DATE By: /s/ JOHN R. KLINE President, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chairman of the Board of Directors March 5, 2024 John R. Kline By: /s/ KRIS CORBETT Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) March 5, 2024 Kris Corbett By: /s/ ADAM B. WEINSTEIN Executive Vice President and Director March 5, 2024 Adam B. Weinstein By: /s/ ROME G. ARNOLD III Director March 5, 2024 Rome G. Arnold III By: /s/ ALFRED F. HURLEY, JR. Director March 5, 2024 Alfred F. Hurley, Jr. By: /s/ DAVID OGENS Director March 5, 2024 David Ogens 
 
 122 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 newmountainguardianivunl.htm
 EX-3.1

newmountainguardianivunl 

NEW MOUNTAIN GUARDIAN IV UNLEVERED BDC, L.L.C. AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT Dated as of May 23, 2023 THE UNITS OF LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTERESTS UNITS OF NEW MOUNTAIN GUARDIAN IV UNLEVERED BDC, L.L.C. HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS IN RELIANCE UPON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH LAWS. UNITS MUST BE ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED, SOLD, ASSIGNED OR TRANSFERRED AT ANY TIME EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT, ANY APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS AND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT. THE UNITS MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OF RECORD EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH SUCH LAWS AND THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT. THEREFORE, PURCHASERS OF UNITS WILL BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE RISK OF THEIR INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. i Table of Contents Page Article I GENERAL PROVISIONS 1.1 Definitions .......................................................................................................................... 1 1.2 Name and Office ............................................................................................................... 10 1.3 Purposes; Powers .............................................................................................................. 10 1.4 Term .................................................................................................................................. 10 1.5 Fiscal Year ........................................................................................................................ 11 1.6 Admission of New Members; Commitments.................................................................... 11 1.7 Expenses ........................................................................................................................... 11 1.8 Size of the Fund ................................................................................................................ 12 1.9 Status of the Fund ............................................................................................................. 12 Article II BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2.1 Management ...................................................................................................................... 12 2.2 Number of Directors and Manner of Acting ..................................................................... 13 2.3 Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies .................................................................... 13 2.4 Removal of Directors ........................................................................................................ 13 2.5 Meetings of the Board ....................................................................................................... 13 2.6 Committees ....................................................................................................................... 14 2.7 Officers ............................................................................................................................. 14 2.8 Executive Advisory Council ............................................................................................. 14 Article III THE MEMBERS 3.1 No Participation in Management, etc. ............................................................................... 15 3.2 Limitation of Liability....................................................................................................... 15 3.3 No Priority ........................................................................................................................ 15 3.4 Meetings of Members ....................................................................................................... 15 3.5 Quorum ............................................................................................................................. 15 3.6 Member Voting and Consents .......................................................................................... 16 3.7 Bankruptcy, Dissolution or Withdrawal of a Member ...................................................... 16 3.8 Advisory Committee ......................................................................................................... 16 Article IV INVESTMENTS; INDEBTEDNESS 4.1 Investments in Portfolio Companies ................................................................................. 17 4.2 Fund Indebtedness; Borrowings ....................................................................................... 18 ii Article V CLOSINGS, CAPITAL COMMITMENTS AND DRAWDOWNS 5.1 Closings ............................................................................................................................ 19 5.2 Capital Commitments ....................................................................................................... 19 5.3 Drawdowns ....................................................................................................................... 20 5.4 Excluded Investors ............................................................................................................ 21 5.5 Defaulting Investors .......................................................................................................... 20 5.6 Key Person Suspension or Early Termination of Investment Period ................................ 22 5.7 Successor Funds ................................................................................................................ 21 Article VI UNITS; DISTRIBUTIONS 6.1 Units .................................................................................................................................. 24 6.2 Distributions ...................................................................................................................... 24 6.3 Withholding Taxes ............................................................................................................ 24 Article VII THE ADVISER 7.1 Appointment of the Adviser.............................................................................................. 24 Article VIII ADMINISTRATION; BOOKS AND RECORDS; REPORTS; ETC. 8.1 Administrator .................................................................................................................... 25 8.2 Maintenance of Books and Records.................................................................................. 25 8.3 Reports .............................................................................................................................. 25 8.4 Closing Documents ........................................................................................................... 25 8.5 Tax Documents ................................................................................................................. 25 8.6 Valuation ........................................................................................................................... 25 Article IX INDEMNIFICATION 9.1 Limitation of Liability....................................................................................................... 25 9.2 Indemnification ................................................................................................................. 26 9.3 Expenses ........................................................................................................................... 26 9.4 Indemnification Not Exclusive ......................................................................................... 26 9.5 Insurance ........................................................................................................................... 26 iii Article X TRANSFERS; REDEMPTIONS 10.1 Transfers by Common Unitholders ................................................................................... 26 10.2 Redemptions ..................................................................................................................... 27 10.3 Redemptions by the Fund; Withdrawals ........................................................................... 27 Article XI DISSOLUTION AND TERMINATION OF THE FUND 11.1 Dissolution Events ............................................................................................................ 28 11.2 Winding Up ....................................................................................................................... 28 11.3 Time for Liquidation, etc. ................................................................................................. 29 11.4 Cancellation ...................................................................................................................... 29 11.5 Liability ............................................................................................................................. 29 Article XII AMENDMENTS; VOTING; POWER OF ATTORNEY 12.1 Amendments By Consent ................................................................................................. 29 12.2 Amendments Without Consent ......................................................................................... 29 12.3 Consent to Amend Special Provisions .............................................................................. 30 12.4 Power of Attorney ............................................................................................................. 30 Article XIII MISCELLANEOUS 13.1 Notices .............................................................................................................................. 32 13.2 Counterparts ...................................................................................................................... 32 13.3 Table of Contents and Headings ....................................................................................... 32 13.4 Successors and Assigns..................................................................................................... 32 13.5 Severability ....................................................................................................................... 32 13.6 Further Actions ................................................................................................................. 33 13.7 Interpretation ..................................................................................................................... 33 13.8 Non-Waiver ...................................................................................................................... 33 13.9 Applicable Law ................................................................................................................. 33 13.10 Confidentiality .................................................................................................................. 34 13.11 Survival of Certain Provisions .......................................................................................... 36 13.12 Waiver of Partition ............................................................................................................ 36 13.13 Entire Agreement .............................................................................................................. 36 13.14 Fund Counsel .................................................................................................................... 36 13.15 Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Requirements ................................................ 37 13.16 ERISA Members ............................................................................................................... 37 13.17 Tax Cooperation ... ..35 13.18 Initial Member ... .....35 

1 NEW MOUNTAIN GUARDIAN IV UNLEVERED BDC, L.L.C. THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT of NEW MOUNTAIN GUARDIAN IV UNLEVERED BDC, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the Fund ), is made and entered into as of May 23, 2023, by and among the Persons listed in the books and records of the Fund as Members of the Fund and by the Adviser (as defined herein). This Agreement amends and restates in its entirety the Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Fund, dated as of November 4, 2022 (the Original Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein without definition have the meanings specified in Section 1.1. R E C I T A L S: WHEREAS, the Fund was formed under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (6 Del. C. 18-101, et seq.) (as amended from time to time, the Delaware Act pursuant to a Certificate of Formation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on November 4, 2022 and from its formation was governed by the Original Agreement; and WHEREAS, the Members of the Fund wish to amend and restate the Original Agreement in its entirety and enter into this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree to continue the Fund and hereby amend and restate the Original Agreement, which is replaced and superseded in its entirety by this Agreement, as follows: ARTICLE I GENERAL PROVISIONS 1.1 Definitions. As used herein the following terms have the meanings set forth below: Additional Closing shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1. Additional Investor shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1. Administration Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.1. Administrator shall mean New Mountain Finance Administration, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, and any successor thereto. Adverse Consequence shall mean (a) a violation of a statute, rule, regulation or governmental administrative policy applicable to a Member of a U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. governmental authority that is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on a Portfolio Company or any Affiliate thereof or on the Fund, the Adviser or any of their respective Affiliates or on any Member or any Affiliate of any such Member or (b) an occurrence that is reasonably likely to subject a Portfolio Company, the Fund, the Adviser any Member or any of their respective Affiliates to any material regulatory requirement or burdensome filing requirement to which it would not otherwise be subject, or that is reasonably likely to materially increase any such regulatory requirement beyond what it would otherwise have been. 2 Adviser shall mean New Mountain Finance Advisers BDC, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, and any successor thereto. Adviser Expenses shall mean the costs and expenses of the Adviser s normal operating overhead, including salaries of the Adviser s employees and Senior Advisors (excluding salary, benefits, directors fees, stock options and other compensation received by Senior Advisors for serving in Portfolio Company Roles) and other expenses incurred in maintaining the Adviser s place of business, but not including other Organizational and Offering Expenses or Fund Expenses; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, Adviser Expenses shall not include any amounts paid to New Mountain or its Affiliates for administrative services pursuant to the final sentence of the first paragraph of Section 1.7; provided further that, the Adviser will undertake to reduce and/or waive its management fee, or otherwise reimburse expenses to the Fund, in the amount of Excess Organizational and Offering Expenses and Excess Specified Expenses pursuant to the last paragraph of Section 1.7. Advisers Act shall mean the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended from time to time. Advisory Committee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.8(a). Affiliate shall mean, with respect to any specified Person, (a) a Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Person specified, (b) a Person with respect to which such Person acts as a discretionary investment adviser and (c) any relative or spouse of such Person who has the same home as such Person; provided that Portfolio Companies shall be deemed not to be Affiliates of the Adviser or the Fund; and provided, further, that each of the Key Persons shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of the Adviser for so long as such Key Person is an employee of the Adviser or any of its Affiliates. Aggregate Committed Capital shall mean the aggregate Capital Commitments (whether funded or unfunded) of all Common Unitholders. Agreement shall mean this Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. AIFM Directive shall mean Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the European Council of 8 June 2011 on Alternative Investment Fund Managers and amending Directives 2003/41/EC and 2009/65/EC and Regulations (EC) No 1060/2009 and (EU) No 1095/2010. Alternative Key Person Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.6. Board or Board of Directors shall mean the Fund s board of directors. Each director is hereby designated as a manager of the Fund within the meaning of Section 18-101(12) of the Delaware Act. Broken Deal Expenses shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Fund Expenses. Business Day shall mean any day other than (a) Saturday and Sunday and (b) any other day on which banks located in New York City are required or authorized by law to remain closed. 3 Capital Commitment shall mean, with respect to any Common Unitholder, the amount of capital committed to purchase Common Units as set forth as such in such Common Unitholder s accepted Subscription Agreement and reflected in the books and records of the Fund, as amended from time to time pursuant to this Agreement. Closing shall mean the Initial Closing Date and any date as of which the Adviser shall admit one or more further Common Unitholders to the Fund pursuant to this Agreement and one or more Subscription Agreements. Closing Period shall mean the period starting with the Initial Closing Date and ending eighteen (18) months thereafter. With consent of the Adviser, the Closing Period may be extended to a later date. Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Common Unitholder shall mean any Person who holds Common Units and/or a Capital Commitment to purchase Common Units, each in its capacity as a member of the Fund. Common Units shall mean common units of limited liability company interests in the Fund. Confidential Information shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.10(a). Covered Person shall mean any person who has served as a director, officer or employee of the Fund, the Adviser, each Key Person, and each of their respective Affiliates; each of the current and former shareholders, officers, directors, employees, partners, members, managers and Senior Advisors of any of the Adviser and each of its Affiliates and any other person who serves at the request of the Board or on behalf of the Fund as a shareholder, officer, director, employee, partner, member, manager or senior advisor of any other entity; each Person serving, or who has served, as a member of the Executive Advisory Council or the Advisory Committee (and, with respect to claims or damages arising out of or relating to service on the Advisory Committee only, the Member that such Person represents and each of such Member s shareholders, officers, directors, employees, partners, members and managers). Defaulting Investor shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.5. Delaware Act shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. Disabling Conduct shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.1. DOL shall mean the U.S. Department of Labor, or any governmental agency that succeeds to the powers and functions thereof. DOL Regulations shall mean the regulations of the DOL included within 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as the same may be amended from time to time. Drawdown Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(a). Drawdown Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(a). 4 Drawdown Purchase Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2. Drawdown Purchases shall mean the capital contributions made to the Fund to purchase Common Units pursuant to Section 5.2 from time to time by the Common Unitholders pursuant to a Drawdown Notice. Drawdown Unit Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2. Electronic Signature shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.2. ERISA shall mean the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. Event of Dissolution shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.1. Excess Organizational and Offering Expenses shall mean the amount of Organizational and Offering Expenses (other than Placement Fees, except any fees and expenses and any interest on deferred fees charged by any locally licensed intermediary or distributor that the Fund, the Adviser or an Affiliate thereof is required to engage in order to offer Units in particular jurisdictions) in excess of, at the end of the Closing Period, the lesser of: (i) 2.0 million or (ii) 0.25 of the Aggregate Committed Capital. Excess Specified Expenses shall mean the amount of Specified Expenses payable by the Fund for any calendar year in excess of the Specified Expenses Cap (giving effect to the adjustment in the last sentence of the definition of Specified Expenses Cap in the calendar year in which the Closing Period ends). Exchange Act shall mean the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder. Excluded Investor shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.4. Executive Advisory Council shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(a). FATCA shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreements, treaties or conventions entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections, and any laws, rules, guidance notes and practices adopted by a non-U.S. jurisdiction to effect any such intergovernmental agreement or any similar provisions of non-U.S. law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any law that implements any such agreement or that implements the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development s Common Reporting Standard). Fiscal Year shall mean the fiscal year of the Fund, as determined pursuant to Section 1.5. Follow-On Investment shall mean an investment (other than a Follow-Up Investment) by the Fund in a Portfolio Company or a Person whose business is related or complementary to that of (and will be under common management with) a Portfolio Company in which the Adviser determines that it is appropriate or necessary for the Fund to invest for the purpose of preserving, protecting or enhancing the Fund s prior investment in such Portfolio Company. 

5 Follow-Up Investment shall mean any Portfolio Investment in which on or prior to the end of the Investment Period the Fund (or the Adviser or one of its Affiliates, on behalf of the Fund) or any acquisition vehicle thereof has delivered an indication of interest letter, entered into a letter of intent (which may or may not be binding), written agreement in principle, definitive agreement to invest or has otherwise committed in writing thereto and any Portfolio Investment that the Fund (or the Adviser or one of its Affiliates, on behalf of the Fund) has committed to make pursuant to the terms of Portfolio Investments held by the Fund prior to the end of the Investment Period. Fund shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. Fund Counsel shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.14. Fund Expenses shall mean all costs, expenses and liabilities that in the good faith judgment of the Adviser are incurred by or arise out of the operation and activities of the Fund, including, without limitation: (a) the management fee and incentive fees payable under the Investment Management Agreement and the Fund s allocable portion of compensation, overhead (including office equipment and utilities) and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its administrative obligations under the Administration Agreement; (b) out-of-pocket fees and expenses relating to consummated Portfolio Investments, proposed but unconsummated Portfolio Investments (such fees and expenses, Broken Deal Expenses ), including (i) the sourcing, bidding, financing, evaluating, making deposits on, purchasing, trading, syndication of co-investments, settling, maintaining custody, holding, monitoring, acquisition, disposition and sale of thereof, (ii) origination fees, syndication fees, research costs, due diligence costs, bank service fees, (iii) fees and expenses related to the organization or maintenance of any intermediate entity used to acquire, hold or dispose of any Portfolio Investment or otherwise facilitating the Fund s investment activities including without limitation any overhead expenses related to such entity, (iv) travel, meal and lodging expenses incurred in connection with the preliminary evaluation of potential investment opportunities and (v) travel, meal, lodging and other ordinary course of business expenses of monitoring of Portfolio Investments; (c) an amount equal to 100 of all premiums for insurance protecting the Fund and any Covered Persons from liabilities to third persons in connection with Fund affairs to the extent such premiums cover liabilities with respect to actions or omissions of the Fund or of any Covered Person that would otherwise be subject to indemnification by the Fund pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the Investment Management Agreement or the Administration Agreement and for any fidelity bonds; (d) out-of-pocket legal, custodial, Portfolio Company-related and Fund investment-related public relations, and accounting expenses of third-party service providers, including fees, costs and expenses associated with the preparation of amendments to this Agreement and the solicitation of consent to such amendments, the preparation, printing and distribution of the Fund s financial statements, tax information and any Fund-Related Compliance Obligation Expenses (it being understood that, where such Fund- Related Compliance Obligation Expenses relate to the Fund and other clients of New Mountain, such costs and expenses shall mean the Fund s allocable share thereof as determined in good faith by the Adviser), and out-of-pocket expenses related to data rooms, investor portals, board reporting portals or other websites and accounting systems; (e) interest on and fees and expenses arising out of all Fund Indebtedness, including, but not limited to, the arranging thereof and the costs and expenses of any lenders, investment banks and other financing sources; (f) out-of-pocket auditing, accounting, appraisal, banking, brokerage commissions, consulting, operating and valuation expenses of third-party service providers (including compliance, accounting and technology, environmental, social and governance consultants); (g) out-of-pocket appraisal expenses of third- party service providers; (h) out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses of any third-party administrators and deal finders, experts, advisers, consultants, engineers and other professionals and service providers; (i) expenses of the Advisory Committee (including the reasonable costs of legal counsel, 6 accountants, financial advisors and/or such other advisors and consultants engaged by the Advisory Committee, if the Board agrees to permit such engagement); (j) extraordinary costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, indemnification and contribution expenses); (k) subject to Section 6.3, taxes and other governmental charges, fees and duties payable by the Fund, and costs and expenses associated with third party tax advisors, tax return preparation or tax audits; (l) costs of any litigation and damages (including the costs of any indemnity or contribution right granted to any placement agent or third-party finder for Units engaged by the Fund or its Affiliates); (m) the costs and expenses associated with preparing, filing and delivering to Members periodic and other reports and filings required under federal securities laws as a result of the Fund s status as a business development company; (n) costs of any meeting of Members (including proxy statements and solicitation in connection therewith); (o) costs associated with any third-party examinations or audits (including other similar services) of the Fund or the Adviser that are attributable to the operation of the Fund or requested by Members; (p) costs of winding up, liquidating, dissolving and terminating the Fund; (q) expenses incurred in connection with complying with this Agreement and provisions in side letter agreements entered into with Members, including most favored nations provisions, as well as any costs and expenses incurred in connection with any Transfer of Units (to the extent not reimbursed by the parties to such transfer); but not including Adviser Expenses; (r) cost of software (including the fees, costs, and expenses of third-party software developers and software utilized in connection with the Fund s investment, operational, legal, compliance, tax, treasury and accounting activities and related expenses, including as related to risk, research and market data, operations, accounting, treasury and the tracking and monitoring of investments (e.g., portfolio management software, general ledger software, environmental, social and governance monitoring software, subscription management software and automation tools (e.g., bots and RPA)) used by the Adviser and its Affiliates; (s) risk, research and market data related expenses (including software and hardware); (t) expenses related to the engagement of and ongoing obligations of the Fund s transfer agent, including any annual fees and fees related to maintaining Member records, among others; (u) expenses related to the engagement of any rating agency (i.e., Moodys, Fitch, S P, Kroll, etc.) and any fees and expenses associated with the ongoing responsibilities related to maintaining any rating from such agency; (v) expenses of the Board (including independent director fees, the reasonable costs of legal counsel, accountants, financial advisors and/or such other advisors and consultants engaged by the Board, as well as travel and out-of-pocket expenses related to the attendance by directors at Board meetings); (w) expenses related to the valuation or appraisal of the Fund s Portfolio Investments and the calculation of the Fund s net asset value; (x) travel, out-of-pocket and meal expenses related to the attendance of any employee of the Adviser who acts as a board member or board observer (or similar function) and (y) the Organizational and Offering Expenses (subject to the Adviser s obligation in Section 1.7 to waive and/or reduce its management fee, or otherwise reimburse expenses to the Fund, in the amount of Excess Organizational and Offering Expenses). Fund Indebtedness shall mean any borrowings of, guarantees by, repurchase arrangements or other credit or leverage obligations of the Fund. Fund Information shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.10(b). Fund-Related Compliance Obligation Expenses shall mean the costs and expenses of all legal and regulatory compliance obligations under U.S. federal (including the Investment Company Act), state, local, non-U.S. or other laws and regulations directly related to managing the Fund or the making, holding or disposing of Portfolio Investments by the Fund (whether such compliance obligations are imposed on the Adviser, its Affiliates or the Fund), including, without limitation, the preparation and filing of (a) Form PF and Form ADV under the Advisers Act, (b) Form 13F, Form 13H, Section 16 filings, Schedule 13D filings, Schedule 13G filings and other beneficial 7 ownership filings, in each case under the Exchange Act, (c) TIC Form SLT filings, (d) materials required under FATCA and FinCEN reporting requirements applicable to the Fund, (e) CFTC Form 4.13(a)(3), CPO-PQR, CTA PR and NFA Form PQR filings, (f) any fees and expenses associated with hiring and maintaining a local distribution agent or administrative agent in any non-U.S. jurisdictions and (g) any other forms, schedules or other filings with governmental and self- regulatory agencies directly related to the making, holding or disposing of Portfolio Investments by the Fund (including blue sky filings and registration statement filings, as applicable), and the costs and expenses of any administrator, custodian and/or depositary (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the performance of any functions of a custodian, administrator and/or depositary contemplated by the AIFM Directive) appointed by the Adviser and its Affiliates in relation to the safeguarding, administering and/or holding (or similar) of Portfolio Investments and/or registrations, licenses, notices, reports and/or filings prepared in connection with the laws and/or regulations of jurisdictions in which the Fund engages in activities, including any registrations, licenses, notices, reports and/or filings required in accordance with the AIFM Directive and any related regulations, and other notices or disclosures of the Adviser and/or its Affiliates relating to the Fund and their activities or any national private placement regime in any jurisdiction and incurred in connection with the Adviser s or any of its Affiliates initial registration and compliance with ongoing registration (including annual, quarterly or similar fees), disclosure, reporting and other similar obligations or under the AIFM Directive or any national private placement regime in any jurisdiction (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the preparation and filing of any reporting required in connection with, or prescribed by, the AIFM Directive), including the preparation of prescribed information included in the Fund s annual report, and the capture, processing and submission of relevant data in the form of Annex IV reports) and costs and expenses in relation to the appointment of third-party alternative investment fund managers in respect of the Fund, as well as costs and expenses associated with operating foreign domiciled entities formed in connection with the Fund s activities. Independent Directors shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. Initial Closing Date shall mean the date on which Capital Commitments are first accepted by the Fund. Initial Drawdown Date shall mean the date of the initial Drawdown Purchase from Common Unitholders. Investment Company Act shall mean the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder. Investment Management Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1. Investment Objectives shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(a). Investment Period shall mean the period commencing at the Initial Closing Date and ending on the earliest to occur of (a) the fourth anniversary of the end of the Closing Period and (b) the date of any early termination of the Investment Period pursuant to Section 5.6. Investor Requests shall mean requests received by the Adviser and its Affiliates from Unitholders (or their consultants or advisors) with respect to legal, tax, accounting, reporting, administrative and similar matters, including, without limitation, requests relating to the terms of this Agreement, side letters or documentation related to Portfolio Investments, data room access, 8 fees and expenses, performance metrics, capital call and distribution projections, cash flows, updates on Portfolio Companies and properties (and the performance thereof), quarterly Fund reporting, quarterly investor certifications, valuations, capital call and distribution notices, wire instructions, withholding taxes, tax refunds, quarterly tax estimates, taxable income and tax structuring with respect to the Fund and its Portfolio Companies. Key Person shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.6. Key Person Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.6. Key Person Suspension Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.6. Legal Requirements shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.10(a). Limited Exclusion Right shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.4. Management Company Related Investor shall mean the Adviser, its Affiliates and their respective families and friends (including any investment vehicles wholly-owned by, or established for the benefit of, members of the Adviser s investment team and their respective families and friends), collectively. Members shall mean, collectively, the Common Unitholders, holders of any other class of Units or any other member of the Fund, in their capacity as such. Member Recipients shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.10(a). New Mountain shall mean the Adviser and its Affiliates. Organizational and Offering Expenses shall mean all legal and other expenses incurred in connection with the Fund s formation and organization and the offering of the Common Units, including (other than any Placement Fees, which will be borne by the Adviser directly or pursuant to waivers of the management fee, except any fees and expenses and any interest on deferred fees charged by any locally licensed intermediary or distributor that the Fund, the Adviser or an Affiliate thereof is required to engage in order to offer Units in particular jurisdictions) all out-of-pocket legal, tax, accounting, printing, data room, consultation, administrative, travel, entertainment, meal, accommodation, marketing material preparation expenses (including third-party marketing material compliance reviews), costs and expenses of online subscription documents, and U.S. and non-U.S. filing fees and expenses of the Fund or the Adviser (including with respect to any registration or licensing of the Fund or the Adviser for marketing under any national passport, private placement or similar regime outside of the United States including those in member states of the European Union), and payments to any Required Agent. Original Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. Per Unit NAV shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2. Per Unit Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2. Person shall mean any individual or entity, including a corporation, partnership, association, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated association, government or governmental agency or authority. 

9 Placement Fees shall mean the fees and expenses and any interest on deferred fees charged by any placement agent designated by the Adviser or the Fund for the marketing and sale of interests in the Fund. For the avoidance of doubt, Placement Fees shall not include any payment to a Required Agent. Plan Asset Regulations shall mean the regulations issued by the Department of Labor at Section 2510.3-101 of Part 2510 of Chapter XXV, Title 29 of the Code of Federal Regulations, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. Portfolio Company shall mean an entity in which a Portfolio Investment is made by the Fund. Portfolio Company Roles shall mean serving on Portfolio Company boards of directors, serving in executive management roles at Portfolio Companies or performing the functional equivalent of such roles. Portfolio Investments shall mean debt or equity investments made by the Fund. Qualified Replacement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.6. Remaining Capital Commitment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2. Required Agent shall mean any locally licensed intermediary or distributor required to market the Fund in particular jurisdictions. Required Involvement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.6. Securities Act shall mean the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder. Senior Advisor shall mean any employee or non-employee senior advisor of the Adviser or its Affiliates, in each case only for so long as such Person is employed or engaged by the Adviser or its Affiliates. Similar Law shall mean any U.S. or non-U.S. federal, state, local, or other law or regulation that is similar to the fiduciary responsibility or prohibited transaction provisions contained in Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. Specified Expenses means all Fund Expenses incurred in the operation of the Fund with the exception of: (i) the management fee, (ii) any incentive fees, (iii) Organizational and Offering Expenses, (iv) placement fees, (v) interest on and fees and expenses arising out of all Fund Indebtedness and other financing, (vi) costs of any litigation and damages (including the costs of any indemnity or contribution right granted to any placement agent or third-party finder engaged by the Fund or its Affiliates) and (vii) for the avoidance of doubt, if applicable, any investor level withholding or other taxes. Specified Expenses Cap shall mean an amount of Specified Expenses for any calendar year equal to (prorated for partial years and portions of years for which each applicable prong of the cap applies): (1) during the Closing Period, 0.40 of the greater of (A) 500 million and (B) actual Aggregate Committed Capital as of the end of such calendar year, (2) at the end of the Closing Period until the end of the Investment Period, 0.40 of aggregate Capital Commitments 10 and (3) after the end of the Investment Period, 0.40 of NAV. Further, if the actual Aggregate Committed Capital of the Fund at the end of the Closing Period is less than 500 million, the prong of the Specified Expenses Cap in clause (1) above will be retroactively adjusted to equal 0.40 of Aggregate Committed Capital at the end of the Closing Period. Sponsor shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2. Sponsor Commitment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2. Subscription Agreements shall mean the Subscription Agreements entered into by the Common Unitholders in connection with their purchases of Common Units of the Fund. Successor Fund shall mean a closed-ended commingled investment vehicle organized by the Adviser or its Affiliates with investment criteria (including a return profile, security focus and leverage terms), objectives and focus substantially similar to those of the Fund. Successor Funds shall not include: (i) existing funds, accounts or portfolios of investments owned, sponsored or managed by the Adviser or its Affiliates, (ii) new or existing business development companies and Affiliates thereof, (iii) new or existing managed accounts or funds of one (including managed accounts or funds of one that are also BDCs), (iv) new or existing funds focused on investing in or issuing collateralized loan obligations and similar securities, or (v) new funds or accounts through which the Adviser or its Affiliates may make investments that are prohibited under Section 4.1(a). Term shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.4. Transfer shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.1. Units shall mean Common Units and any other class of units of limited liability company interests in the Fund. 1.2 Name and Office. (a) Name. The name of the Fund is New Mountain Guardian IV Unlevered BDC, L.L.C. (b) Office. The Fund shall have its principal place of business at c/o New Mountain Finance Advisers BDC, L.L.C., 1633 Broadway, 48th Floor, New York, New York 10019, or such other place as the Fund may determine from time to time. The registered office of the Fund in the State of Delaware is located at c/o The Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street, New Castle County, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, and the registered agent for service of process on the Fund at such address is The Corporation Trust Company. At any time, the Fund may designate another registered agent and/or registered office. 1.3 Purposes; Powers. The Fund may engage in any lawful act or activity for which limited liability companies may be formed under the laws of the State of Delaware and shall have all the powers available to it as a limited liability company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware. 1.4 Term. The term of the Fund is six years from the end of the Closing Period, subject to, unless the Fund is sooner dissolved, (i) a one-year extension as determined by the Adviser in its sole discretion and (ii) an additional one-year extension as determined by the Board (the six year period and any successive extensions, the Term ). The Fund will be dissolved and its affairs wound up in an orderly manner upon the first to occur of the following: (i) the expiration of its Term (as such Term may be extended pursuant to the above), (ii) at any time upon a decision of the Board, subject to any necessary Unitholder 11 approvals and applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act or (iii) as otherwise provided in Section 11.1. Notwithstanding the dissolution of the Fund, the Fund shall continue in existence as a separate legal entity until cancellation of the Certificate of Formation of the Fund in accordance with Section 11.4. Prior to the end of the Term, the Fund may give a Common Unitholder the opportunity to elect (with no obligation) to exchange their Common Units for interests in another investment vehicle managed by the Adviser or its Affiliates. Any such exchange would be required to be structured in a manner so as not cause dilution to Common Unitholders who do not elect to exchange their Common Units and to comply with applicable law, including the Investment Company Act. The Fund will give Common Unitholders sufficient information and a reasonable amount of time to make an informed decision about any potential exchange option. There is no requirement for the Fund to provide such opportunity to exchange Common Units. Any Common Units so exchanged shall, upon consummation of such exchange, be cancelled. The Fund will not list its securities on a public exchange. 1.5 Fiscal Year. The Fiscal Year of the Fund shall end on the 31st day of December in each year. The taxable year of the Fund shall be the calendar year or such other taxable year as is required under the Code. 1.6 Admission of New Members; Commitments. Each Person acquiring Common Units will enter into a Subscription Agreement pursuant to which such Person will agree to purchase Common Units for an aggregate purchase price equal to its aggregate Capital Commitment, subject to the Limited Exclusion Right. Each such Person shall be admitted as a member of the Fund at the time that such Subscription Agreement or a counterpart thereof is executed by or on behalf of such Person and accepted by the Fund. 1.7 Expenses. All Fund Expenses shall be paid by the Fund. To the extent that the Adviser or any of its Affiliates pays any Fund Expenses on behalf of the Fund, the Fund shall reimburse the Adviser or such Affiliate, as the case may be, upon request. All Adviser Expenses shall be paid by the Adviser or its Affiliates. The Adviser shall allocate any expenses that benefit the Fund and other New Mountain funds or co-investors among the Fund and the applicable Persons in a manner that the Adviser determines is fair and equitable. The Adviser shall endeavor where appropriate to cause each potential co-investor that is considering an investment alongside the Fund prior to the signing of the Fund s Portfolio Investment to bear its proportionate share of Broken Deal Expenses related to such potential Portfolio Investment, but to the extent not reimbursed by co-investors or other parties that may have invested in an unconsummated Portfolio Investment had it been consummated, Broken Deal Expenses may be borne entirely by the Fund and no share of such expense shall be required to be allocated to any such co-investors or other party; provided that no share of any break-up fees shall be allocated to any co-investor that is not bearing Broken Deal Expenses. In addition, Broken Deal Expenses may include all or a portion of such amounts related to proposed but unconsummated Portfolio Investments that have also been considered for investment (either alone or in conjunction with the Fund) by other New Mountain vehicles or accounts and not ultimately consummated by such vehicles or accounts. There may be circumstances when the Adviser has considered a potential investment in a portfolio company on behalf of the Fund, has determined not to make such investment and an investment is eventually made in such portfolio company by other investment vehicles or accounts sponsored by New Mountain. In these circumstances, such vehicles or accounts may benefit from research by the Adviser s investment team and/or from costs borne by the Fund related to this research or otherwise incurred in pursuing the potential portfolio investment, but may not be required to reimburse the Fund for expenses incurred in connection with such investment. Travel and related expenses described herein include, without limitation, airfare at first class and/or business class rates, lodging, ground transportation, travel and meals (including, as applicable, closing dinners and mementos, cars and meals (outside normal business hours), and social and entertainment events with Portfolio Company management, customers, clients, borrowers, brokers and service providers). Travel and related expenses in connection with a trip taken by employees of the Adviser for purposes of multiple matters will be allocated by the 12 Adviser in a manner that the Adviser determines is fair and equitable. The Adviser may cause the Fund s Portfolio Companies to enter into agreements regarding group procurement, benefits management, insurance policies (which will from time to time be pooled across Portfolio Companies and discounted due to scale) and other operational, administrative or management related matters from a third party or a New Mountain affiliate, and shall notify the Board of any such agreements with a New Mountain affiliate no later than the next regularly scheduled meeting thereof. Fund Expenses, including certain consultant expenses, may be charged directly to the Fund or may be borne by both the Adviser and one or more Portfolio Companies. The Administrator will provide legal and tax services, administrative and accounting services (including the provision of valuation, shadow accounting, investor reporting, meeting preparation, corporate and tax structuring and related services), treasury, leveraged purchasing, IT system support, system implementation, anti-money laundering and know-your-customer services and monitoring and compliance, all other compliance services provided by the Administrator s compliance personnel with respect to the Fund, its Portfolio Companies and their activities (including, without limitation, services related to legal and regulatory compliance obligations (e.g., reporting and filing obligations) under U.S. federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other laws and regulations related to the Fund s activities and the making, holding or disposing of Portfolio Investments by the Fund), local and state filing services, asset management and operations, hedging, fund finance, fund borrowing and currency management and compliance, environmental, social and governance services and services related to transfers of Units, and to respond to Investor Requests, for the Fund or its Portfolio Companies (that could otherwise be performed by third parties), and will be entitled to the reimbursement of the fully allocated costs of the Administrator and its Affiliates of providing such services, including the costs of employee compensation and related taxes, health insurance and other benefits, and such employees allocable portion of overhead, rent and utilities; provided that the amount paid under the Administration Agreement shall be reported in the Fund s annual reports. Other fees, costs and expenses may be deemed Fund Expenses to the extent the Advisory Committee consents to such treatment. The Adviser shall enter into an expense limitation and reimbursement agreement whereby the Adviser agrees to reduce and/or waive the management fee it would otherwise be entitled to, or otherwise reimburse expenses to the Fund, in the amount of Excess Organizational and Offering Expenses and Excess Specified Expenses. 1.8 Size of the Fund. The Fund intends that total Capital Commitments (excluding the Capital Commitments of the Adviser or its Affiliates and any Common Unitholder who is a member of the Executive Advisory Council) shall be approximately 500 million. 1.9 Status of the Fund. The Fund intends to make an election to be classified as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes (a Corporation and to be regulated as a business development company and intends to elect to be treated and is authorized to take any such action as it determines necessary to qualify annually (including investing in a Portfolio Company through a Corporation), as a regulated investment company within the meaning of Section 851 of the Code. ARTICLE II BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2.1 Management. The business and affairs of the Fund shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may exercise all such authority and powers of the Fund and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or this Agreement directed or required 

13 to be exercised or done solely by the Members. Subject to the Investment Company Act and applicable law, the Board may delegate its rights and powers to third parties, including the Adviser, as it may determine. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, subject to obtaining any required approvals by the Board of Directors, the Fund, and any duly authorized officer on behalf of the Fund, may execute, deliver and perform the Administration Agreement, the Investment Management Agreement, the Subscription Agreements and any side letters or similar agreements referred to in Section 13.13, other documents necessary for the formation of the Fund, any amendments to such agreements and all agreements contemplated thereby and related thereto, all without any further act, approval or vote of any Member or other Person. 2.2 Number of Directors and Manner of Acting. The number of directors on the Board shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board; provided, however, that the number of directors on the Board shall not be less than three (3) nor more than fifteen (15). The term Whole Board at any time shall mean the total number of authorized directors fixed at the time whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously- authorized directorships. A majority of the Whole Board shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of Directors, and, except as otherwise expressly required by law or by this Agreement, the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. Any action permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors at a meeting thereof may be taken at any time upon the written consent of the directors representing at least the requisite vote of the Board of Directors that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum was present, provided that notice thereof is given in the manner provided for herein to all directors (which may be by delivery of a copy of the request for written consent). A majority of the Directors will at all times consist of Directors who are not interested persons (as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act) (the Independent Directors ). 2.3 Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies. Subject to the applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act, including Section 16(b) thereunder, newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors or any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, removal from office or any other cause shall, unless otherwise required by law or provided by resolution of the Board of Directors, be filled only by majority vote of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum is then in office, or by the sole remaining director, and shall not be filled by Members. Directors so chosen to fill a newly created directorship or other vacancies shall serve until such director s successor has been duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal as provided in this Agreement. 2.4 Removal of Directors. Any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed from office at any time, at a meeting called for that purpose, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of the issued and outstanding Units of the Fund entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. 2.5 Meetings of the Board. (a) Place of Meetings. Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such place or places, within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or as shall be specified in the notice of any such meeting, including by telephone, videoconference or similar form of communication. (b) Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such time and place as the Board of Directors may fix. If any day fixed for a regular meeting shall be a legal holiday 14 at the place where the meeting is to be held, then the meeting which would otherwise be held on that day shall be held at the same hour on the next succeeding business day. (c) Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chair of the Board of Directors, if one shall have been elected, or by a majority of the Whole Board or by the Chief Executive Officer. (d) Electronic Communications. Members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in meetings of the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, by means of telephone conference or similar communications equipment that allows all Persons participating in the meeting to hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. If all the participants are participating by telephone conference or similar communications equipment, the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the principal place of business of the Fund. 2.6 Committees. The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, including an executive committee, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Fund. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. Except to the extent restricted by statute or this Agreement, each such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution creating it, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors (including, without limitation, the right to delegate authority to one or more subcommittees thereof). Each such committee shall serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and have such name as may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors. 2.7 Officers. The officers of the Fund shall be elected by the Board of Directors and shall include the Chief Executive Officer, President, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Compliance Officer and the Corporate Secretary. The Fund may also have, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, such other officers as are desired, including one or more Vice Presidents, Treasurer, one or more Assistant Treasurers, Controller, one or more Assistant Corporate Secretaries, and such other officers as may be necessary or desirable for the business of the Fund. In the event there are two or more Vice Presidents, then one or more may be designated as Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President, or other similar or dissimilar title. At the time of the election of officers, the directors may by resolution determine the order of their rank. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, and no officer need be a director. In its discretion, the Board of Directors may choose not to fill any office for any period as it may deem advisable. Officers designated by the Board of Directors, to the extent of their powers set forth in this Agreement or otherwise vested in them by action of the Board of Directors not inconsistent with this Agreement, are agents of the Fund for the purpose of the Fund s business, and the actions of such officers taken in accordance with such powers shall bind the Fund. 2.8 Executive Advisory Council. (a) To the extent the Board or the Adviser deem necessary or advisable, the Board or the Adviser may consult from time to time with members of New Mountain s executive advisory council (the Executive Advisory Council on various matters concerning general industry trends and related matters, such as investments and broad strategy as well as specific investment diligence. Neither the Executive Advisory Council, nor any member thereof, will control or have any authority to bind the Fund, and as an advisory body the Executive Advisory Council shall not be construed as a board of directors or similar body with management, decision-making, investment or fiduciary authority or responsibility. 15 (b) In addition to project-related consulting fees paid by the Fund to the Executive Advisory Council, members of the Executive Advisory Council may be reimbursed by the Fund for their reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses in connection with the performance of project-related responsibilities as members of the Executive Advisory Council. For the avoidance of doubt, the Members acknowledge that members of the Executive Advisory Council may receive compensation from the Adviser and its Affiliates. (c) The Members acknowledge that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, notwithstanding any duty otherwise existing at law or in equity, (i) members of the Executive Advisory Council will not be acting in a fiduciary capacity with respect to the Board, the Adviser, the Fund or any Member, (ii) members of the Executive Advisory Council have substantial responsibilities outside of their Executive Advisory Council activities and are not obligated to devote any fixed portion of their time to the activities of the Fund, (iii) none of the members of the Executive Advisory Council or their Affiliates shall be prohibited from engaging in activities which compete or conflict with those of the Fund and (iv) and the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any analogous doctrine, shall not apply to any such member. ARTICLE III THE MEMBERS 3.1 No Participation in Management, etc. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, no Member shall have the right or power to participate in the management or control of the Fund s investment or other activities, transact any business in the Fund s name or have the power to sign documents for or otherwise bind the Fund. 3.2 Limitation of Liability. Except as may otherwise be provided by the Delaware Act or as expressly provided for herein, the liability of each Member is limited to its Capital Commitment, and no Member shall be obligated to make a Capital Contribution at any time exceeding its then Remaining Capital Commitment. Except as otherwise expressly provided by the Delaware Act, the debts, obligations and liabilities of the Fund, whether arising in contract, tort or otherwise, shall be the debts, obligations and liabilities solely of the Fund, and a Member shall not be obligated personally for any such debt, obligation or liability of the Fund solely by reason of being a Member. 3.3 No Priority. No Common Unitholder shall have priority over any other Member as to the return of the amount of the value of its Common Units. 3.4 Meetings of Members. All meetings of the Members for any purpose shall be at any such place as shall be designated from time to time by the Board and stated in the notice of meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice thereof. Meetings of Members may be called by the Board, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or holders of a majority of the Units. The Board of Directors may postpone, adjourn, reschedule or cancel any meeting of Members previously scheduled by the Board of Directors, the Chair of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. For each meeting, only business specified in the Fund s notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) may be conducted at such meeting. 3.5 Quorum. Unless otherwise required by law, Members holding a majority of the Units entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at all meetings; provided that where a separate vote of Common Units and any other class of Units is required, the holders of a majority of all issued and outstanding Common Units and such other class of Units, as applicable, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to such matter. Abstentions will be treated as Units that are present and 16 entitled to vote for purposes of determining the number present and entitled to vote with respect to any particular proposal, but will not be counted as a vote in favor of such proposal. If such quorum shall not be present or represented by proxy at any meeting, then either the Chair or Members entitled to vote thereat (present in person or represented by proxy) shall have the power to adjourn a vote from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented by proxy. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented by proxy, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or, if after adjournment a new record date is set, then a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each Member entitled to vote at the meeting. 3.6 Member Voting and Consents. Whenever action is required by applicable law or this Agreement to be taken by a specified percentage in interest of the Members (or any class or group of Members), such action shall be deemed to be valid if taken upon the written vote or written consent of those Members (or those Members included in such class or group) whose Units represent the specified percentage of the aggregate outstanding Units of all Members (or all Members included in such class or group) at the time. Each Member shall be entitled to one vote for each Unit held on all matters submitted to a vote of the Members. For these purposes, a majority-in-interest shall mean a percentage in interest in excess of 50 . 3.7 Bankruptcy, Dissolution or Withdrawal of a Member. The bankruptcy, dissolution or resignation of a Member shall not in and of itself dissolve or terminate the Fund. Upon the death, incompetence, bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or dissolution of a Member, the rights and obligations of such Member under this Agreement, to the maximum extent permitted by law, shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, such Member s successor(s), estate or legal representative. No Member shall resign from the Fund prior to the dissolution of the Fund except pursuant to Section 10.3. 3.8 Advisory Committee. (a) Appointment of Members, etc. The Adviser will establish an investor advisory committee (the Advisory Committee ), which, by no later than sixty (60) calendar days after the end of the Closing Period, except as a result of vacancy due to death, resignation or removal, will consist of at least three (3) members and no more than five (5) members selected by the Adviser from among the Common Unitholders; provided that prior to the end of the Closing Period the Advisory Committee may consist of fewer than three voting members. Each Person appointed to the Advisory Committee shall serve until such Person s death, resignation or removal pursuant to this Section 3.8(a) or at the request of the Member that such Person represents. Any member of the Advisory Committee may resign by giving the Adviser thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice. Any member of the Advisory Committee shall be deemed removed, in the sole discretion of the Adviser (except pursuant to clause (iv) of this sentence), if the Common Unitholder(s) from which the Adviser that appointed such member (i) becomes a Defaulting Investor, (ii) assigns more than 50 of its Common Units in the Fund to a Person that is not an Affiliate of such Member, (iii) is determined pursuant to Section 10.3 to be a Member whose continued participation in the Fund would have an Adverse Consequence or otherwise be reasonably likely to result in a significant delay, extraordinary expense or material adverse effect on the Adviser, the Fund, any Portfolio Company or any of their respective Affiliates or (iv) is notified that such member has been removed upon the recommendation of the Adviser with the consent of a majority of the other members of the Advisory Committee. Upon the removal of a member of the Advisory Committee pursuant to clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of the preceding sentence, the Adviser may appoint a replacement member, and upon the death or resignation of a member of the Advisory Committee or the removal of such member pursuant to clause (iv) of the preceding sentence or the request of the Common Unitholder(s) from which the Adviser that 

17 appointed such member, the Adviser may appoint a replacement for such member from such Common Unitholder. (b) Scope of Authority. The Advisory Committee shall be authorized to, as required and subject to Regulation FD promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, provide such advice and counsel as is requested by the Adviser or the Board in connection with actual and potential conflicts of interest, valuation matters and other matters relating to the Fund. The Advisory Committee shall not constitute a committee of the Fund and shall take no part in the control or management of the Fund, nor shall it have any power or authority to act for or on behalf of the Fund, and all investment decisions, as well as all responsibility for the management of the Fund, shall rest with the Board. Any actions taken by the Advisory Committee shall be advisory only, and none of the Board, the Adviser or any of its Affiliates shall be required or otherwise bound to act in accordance with any decision, action or comment of the Advisory Committee or any of its members. (c) Other Activities of the Members. The Members acknowledge that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, notwithstanding any duty otherwise existing at law or in equity, the members of the Advisory Committee and the Common Unitholders from which the Adviser appointed such members (i) will not be obligated to act in a fiduciary capacity with respect to, and shall not owe any duty (fiduciary or otherwise) to, the Fund or any Member in respect of the activities of the Advisory Committee, (ii) have substantial responsibilities in addition to their Advisory Committee activities and are not obligated to devote any fixed portion of their time to the activities of the Advisory Committee and (iii) will not be prohibited from engaging in activities that compete or conflict with those of the Fund, nor shall any such restrictions apply to any of their respective Affiliates and the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any analogous doctrine, shall not apply to such Persons. (d) Meetings. Meetings of the Advisory Committee may be called by the Adviser in its sole discretion. In addition, a special meeting of the Advisory Committee may be called by a majority of the voting members of the Advisory Committee at any time. Except as expressly provided in this Section 3.8, the Advisory Committee shall conduct its business in such manner and by such procedures as a majority of its members deems appropriate. (e) Fees and Expenses, etc. The members of the Advisory Committee shall serve without compensation, but shall be reimbursed by the Fund for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Advisory Committee. The members of the Advisory Committee (and, with respect to claims or damages arising out of or relating to service on the Advisory Committee only, the Common Unitholder(s) from which the Adviser appointed such member and each of such Common Unitholder(s) shareholders, officers, directors, employees, partners, members and managers) shall be indemnified by the Fund as provided in Article IX and entitled to the benefit of the exculpation provisions set forth herein. ARTICLE IV INVESTMENTS; INDEBTEDNESS 4.1 Investments in Portfolio Companies. (a) Investment Objectives. The Fund s investment objective is to generate current income and capital appreciation primarily by making or originating debt investments in Portfolio Companies (the Investment Objectives ). The form of the Fund s investments may include first lien or unitranche loans, or, to a lesser extent, second lien and passive preferred equity. The Fund will not invest in real property or hold equity in a U.S. real property holding company. After the Fund s initial ramp period, the Fund s target 18 Portfolio Investment size in one Portfolio Company is expected to be 2.0 to 4.0 of total assets at the time of investment. (b) Investment Period. During the Investment Period, subject to Section 5.6, the Fund may make Portfolio Investments as determined by the Adviser, subject to the oversight of the Board. Following the termination of the Investment Period (and during any Key Person Suspension Period), no Portfolio Investments will be made by the Fund (and no Drawdown Purchases shall be required therefor) other than (i) Follow-Up Investments and (ii) Follow-On Investments that are not Follow-Up Investments in an aggregate amount (net of amounts returned) of up to 15 of the aggregate Capital Commitments. For the avoidance of doubt, Drawdown Purchases may be required, in the Adviser s discretion, following the termination of the Investment Period to repay Fund Indebtedness and fund commitments such as revolving credit facilities, bridge financing commitments, delayed draw commitments or other commitments which can result in providing future financing to a Portfolio Company that were entered into during the Investment Period; provided that no such Drawdown Purchase shall be required to repay Fund Indebtedness incurred following the termination of the Investment Period to make a Portfolio Investment; provided, further, that no Common Unitholder shall be required to fund a Drawdown Purchase in excess of its Remaining Capital Commitment. (c) Reinvestment. Subject to the requirements in the Code and the terms of any borrowings or other financings or similar obligations, proceeds realized by the Fund from the sale or repayment of any Portfolio Investment (as opposed to investment income) during the Investment Period, may be retained and be used by the Fund for purposes of making Portfolio Investments or paying Fund Expenses. Any amounts so reinvested will not reduce a Common Unitholder s Remaining Capital Commitment. Following the termination of the Investment Period, the amount of any Common Unitholder s unused capital contribution that has been returned to such Common Unitholder shall be subject to recall by the Fund for the sole purpose of repaying Fund Indebtedness. 4.2 Fund Indebtedness; Borrowings. The Fund may, either directly or through one or more subsidiaries, incur Fund Indebtedness for cash management and administrative purposes (which includes, but is not limited to, refinancing Fund Indebtedness or incurring new Fund Indebtedness following the termination of the Investment Period for the sole purpose of facilitating the dissolution, winding up and liquidation of the Fund), including to pay Fund Expenses and obtain leverage for working capital purposes, including funding existing commitments such as revolving credit facilities, bridge financing commitments, delayed draw commitments or other commitments which can result in providing future financing to a Portfolio Company. To facilitate such Fund Indebtedness, the Fund may, among other things, enter into one or more credit facilities, including subscription facilities, with service providers to the Fund or third- party credit institutions or other lenders and may borrow money from Affiliates to the extent permitted by the Investment Company Act. In connection with potential Fund Indebtedness, the Fund s lenders may require the Fund to pledge assets or Capital Commitments (and the ability to enforce the payment thereof). The Fund will repay any borrowings under a subscription facility on or prior to the one-year anniversary of the borrowing. For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of determining the leverage limit under this Section 4.2, (A) Fund Indebtedness shall exclude (i) indebtedness incurred by specific Portfolio Companies or secured by the assets thereof or guarantees made by specific Portfolio Companies and (ii) indebtedness between the Fund and any subsidiary of the Fund and (B) Fund assets shall include aggregate Remaining Capital Commitments. Furthermore, the Fund will not incur leverage in excess of the amounts permitted by the Investment Company Act. In furtherance of the foregoing, but notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in connection with any Fund Indebtedness, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Fund, and the Board or the Adviser on behalf of the Fund, are hereby authorized to pledge, hypothecate, mortgage, assign, transfer or grant security interests in or other liens on (i) any assets of the Fund, (ii) the Members Subscription 19 Agreements and the Members obligations to make capital contributions thereunder and hereunder subject to the terms hereof, and (iii) any other assets, rights or remedies of the Fund hereunder or under the Subscription Agreements, including without limitation, the right to issue Drawdowns and to exercise remedies upon a default by a Member in the payment of its capital contributions and the right to receive capital contributions and other payments. In furtherance of the foregoing, but notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, (i) the Fund may borrow funds, incur indebtedness and enter into guarantees together with one or more Persons on a joint and several basis or on any other basis that the Adviser, in its sole discretion, determines is fair and reasonable to the Fund, and (ii) in connection with any borrowing, indebtedness or guarantee by the Fund, all capital contributions shall be payable to the account designated by the Adviser or any lender or other credit party of the Fund. All rights granted to a lender pursuant to this Section 4.2 shall apply to its agents and its successors and assigns. ARTICLE V CLOSINGS, CAPITAL COMMITMENTS AND DRAWDOWNS 5.1 Closings. The admission of Members will take place on such date as determined by the Adviser (each such date, a Closing Date, and the date upon which the first admission of Members occurs being referred to herein as the Initial Closing Date ). Such admissions will occur, from time to time in the Adviser s sole discretion, during a period starting with the Initial Closing Date and continuing through the Closing Period. As a result, the Fund may enter into Subscription Agreements with Common Unitholders during the Closing Period (such closings after the Initial Closing Date, Additional Closings but after the Initial Drawdown Date and any Common Unitholder whose subscription has been accepted at an Additional Closing is referred to as an Additional Investor. Any such Person shall be admitted on a Closing Date as a Member at the time that a Subscription Agreement or a counterpart thereof is executed by or on behalf of such Person and accepted by the Fund. 5.2 Capital Commitments. The minimum Capital Commitment for each Common Unitholder is 5 million. The Fund reserves the right to accept Capital Commitments of a lesser amount. Except as otherwise provided herein, each Member shall make Drawdown Purchases in an aggregate amount not to exceed its Capital Commitment, as set forth in such Common Unitholder s Subscription Agreement. Each Common Unitholder agrees to purchase Common Units for an aggregate purchase price equal to its Capital Commitment, payable at such times and in such amounts as required by the Fund, under the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. On each Drawdown Date (as defined below), each Common Unitholder agrees to purchase from the Fund, and the Fund agrees to issue to the Common Unitholder, a number of Common Units equal to the Drawdown Unit Amount (as defined below) at an aggregate price equal to the Drawdown Purchase Price (as defined below); provided, however, that in no circumstance will a Common Unitholder be required to purchase Units for an amount in excess of its Remaining Capital Commitment (as defined below). Such Capital Commitment shall constitute a binding commitment to purchase Common Units no earlier than the Fund s election to be treated as a business development company pursuant to Section 54(a) of the Investment Company Act. One or more affiliates of the Adviser (together with members of New Mountain s senior management team, the Sponsor will make Capital Commitments (the Sponsor Commitment either directly or indirectly through a feeder entity in an aggregate amount that equals at least 25 million. Drawdown Purchase Price shall mean, for each Drawdown Date, an amount in U.S. dollars determined by multiplying (i) the aggregate amount of Capital Commitments being drawn down by the Fund from all Common Unitholders on that Drawdown Date, by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Remaining Capital Commitment of the Common Unitholder and the denominator of which is the aggregate Remaining Capital Commitments of all Common Unitholders that are not Defaulting Investors or Excluded Investors (as defined below). 20 Drawdown Unit Amount shall mean, for each Drawdown Date, a number of Common Units determined by dividing (i) the Drawdown Purchase Price for that Drawdown Date by (ii) the applicable Per Unit Price (as defined below), subject to adjustment in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 5.3(c), with the resulting quotient adjusted to the nearest whole number to avoid the issuance of fractional shares. Per Unit NAV shall mean, for any Drawdown Date or Catch-Up Date (as defined below) or for Section 10.3, net asset value per Unit as of the end of the most recent calendar quarter, determined in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 5.3(c) in a manner consistent with the limitations of the Investment Company Act as of the last day of the Fund s calendar quarter immediately preceding such date. Per Unit Price shall mean, (1) for the Initial Drawdown Date and any future Drawdown Dates or Catch-Up Dates (as defined below) where the then-current Per Unit NAV is greater than or equal to 9.70, 10.00, (2) for any future Drawdown Dates or Catch-Up Dates where the then-current Per Unit NAV plus allocable Organizational and Offering Expenses per Unit is greater than or equal to 9.70, 10.00 and (3) for any future Drawdown Dates or Catch-Up Dates where the then-current Per Unit NAV plus allocable Organizational and Offering Expenses per Unit is less than 9.70, at least the greater of (A) Per Unit NAV plus allocable Organizational and Offering Expenses per Unit and (B) 9.50; provided that the Per Unit Price shall be subject to the limitations of Section 23 under the Investment Company Act (which generally prohibits the Fund from issuing Units at a price below the then-current net asset value of the Units as determined within 48 hours, excluding Sundays and holidays, of such issuance (taking into account any investment valuation adjustments from the latest quarterly valuation date in accordance with the Fund s valuation policy) subject to certain exceptions). By executing a Subscription Agreement and agreeing to become a Member, each Common Unitholder agrees that it is providing its consent, in accordance with Section 23(b) of the Investment Company Act, for the Fund to issue Units at the offering prices described above even if such offering price is below the then-current Per Unit NAV. Remaining Capital Commitment shall mean, with respect to a Common Unitholder, the amount of such Common Unitholder s Capital Commitment as of any date reduced by the aggregate amount of contributions made by that Common Unitholder at all previous Drawdown Dates and any Catch-Up Dates. 5.3 Drawdowns. During the Investment Period, the Adviser may issue capital calls, and Common Unitholders will be required to make Drawdown Purchases, for any permitted Fund purpose in the manner set forth below: (a) Timing of Drawdown Notices; Use of Drawdowns. The Adviser shall provide each Common Unitholder with a notice of each drawdown of Capital Commitments (a Drawdown Notice at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the date on which such Drawdown Purchase is due and payable (the Drawdown Date ). The delivery of a Drawdown Notice to the Common Unitholder shall be the sole and exclusive condition to the Common Unitholder s obligation to pay the Drawdown Purchase Price identified in each Drawdown Notice. (b) Contents of Drawdown Notices. Each Drawdown Notice should set forth (i) the Drawdown Date, (ii) the aggregate number of Common Units to be sold to all Common Unitholders on the Drawdown Date and the aggregate purchase price for such Common Units, (iii) the applicable Drawdown Unit Amount, Drawdown Purchase Price and Per Unit Price and (iv) the account to which the Drawdown Purchase Price should be wired. (c) Calculation of Each Member s Share of a Drawdown. Notwithstanding Section 5.2, on one or more dates to be determined by the Fund that occur on or following an Additional Closing but no later than the next succeeding Drawdown Date (each, a Catch-Up Date ), each 

21 Additional Investor shall be required to purchase, on no less than ten (10) Business Days prior notice, from the Fund a number of Common Units with an aggregate purchase price necessary to ensure that, upon payment of the aggregate purchase price for such Common Units by the Additional Investor in the aggregate for all Catch-Up Dates, such Additional Investor s Contributed Capital Percentage (as defined below) shall be equal to the Contributed Capital Percentage of all prior Common Unitholders (other than any Defaulting Investors, Excluded Investors or any Common Unitholders who have subscribed at a prior Additional Closing and have not yet funded the Catch-Up Purchase Price) (the Catch-Up Purchase Price ). Upon payment of the Catch-Up Purchase Price by a Common Unitholder on a Catch- Up Date and payment by other Common Unitholders of the requisite amount, the Fund shall issue to each such Additional Investor a number of Common Units determined by dividing (A) the Catch- Up Purchase Price for such Additional Investor by (B) the Per Unit Price for such Additional Investor as of a Catch-Up Date. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that the Catch-Up Date and a Drawdown Date occur on the same calendar day, such Catch-Up Date (and the application of the provisions of this Section 5.3(c)) shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to the relevant Drawdown Date. Contributed Capital Percentage means, with respect to a Common Unitholder holding Capital Commitments, the percentage determined by dividing such Common Unitholder s Contributed Capital (as defined below) by such Common Unitholder s total Capital Commitments (whether or not funded). Contributed Capital means, with respect to a Common Unitholder holding Capital Commitments, the aggregate amount of capital contributions from such Common Unitholder s Capital Commitments that have been funded by such Common Unitholder to purchase Units. For the avoidance of doubt, Contributed Capital will not take into account distributions of the Fund s investment income (i.e., proceeds received in respect of interest payments, dividends or fees, net of expenses) to the investors or return of capital distributions. Following the Investment Period, the Adviser may issue Drawdown Notices, and Common Unitholders will be required to make Drawdown Purchases, for the purposes described in Section 4.1(b). 5.4 Excluded Investors. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Fund shall have the right (a Limited Exclusion Right to exclude any Common Unitholder (such Common Unitholder, an Excluded Investor from purchasing Common Units from the Fund on any Drawdown Date if, in the reasonable discretion of the Fund, there is a reasonable likelihood that such Common Unitholder s purchase of Units at such time would result in (i) a violation of, or noncompliance with, any law or regulation to which such Common Unitholder, the Fund, the Adviser, any other Member or a Portfolio Company would be subject or (ii) all or any portion of the assets of the Fund being considered plan assets for purposes of Title I of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code, or any applicable Similar Law. In the event that any Limited Exclusion Right is exercised, the Fund shall be authorized to issue an additional Drawdown Notice to the non-Excluded Investors to make up any applicable shortfall caused by such Limited Exclusion Right up to the amount of its Remaining Capital Commitment. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Fund will have the power to take certain actions to avoid having (i) all or any portion of the assets of the Fund characterized as plan assets, for purposes of the fiduciary responsibility or prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code or any Similar Law, including, without limitation, the right to cause a Common Unitholder that is a benefit plan investor (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) to 22 resign from the Fund in whole or in part and (ii) the Fund and the Adviser being considered a fiduciary of any Member for purposes of Title I of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code or any applicable Similar Law. 5.5 Defaulting Investors. In the event that a Common Unitholder fails to pay all or any portion of the purchase price due from such Common Unitholder on any Catch-Up Date or Drawdown Date and such default remains uncured for a period of ten (10) Business Days after written notice of such failure is given by the Fund to the Common Unitholder, the Fund shall be permitted to declare such Common Unitholder to be in default of its obligations under this Agreement (any such Common Unitholder, a Defaulting Investor and shall be permitted to pursue one or any combination of the following remedies: (a) the Fund may prohibit the Defaulting Investor from purchasing additional Units on any future Drawdown Date or otherwise participating in any future investments in the Fund; (b) Fifty percent (50 of the Units then held by the Defaulting Investor shall be automatically transferred on the books of the Fund, without any further action being required on the part of the Fund or the Defaulting Investor, to the other Common Unitholders (other than any other Defaulting Investor), pro rata in accordance with their respective Capital Commitments; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, no Units shall be transferred to any other Common Unitholder pursuant to this Section 5.5(b) in the event that such transfer would (A) violate the Securities Act, the Investment Company Act or any state (or other jurisdiction) securities or Blue Sky laws applicable to the Fund, (B) based on a written opinion of such Defaulting Investor s counsel (which opinion and counsel shall be reasonably acceptable to the Fund) constitute a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or (C) cause all or any portion of the assets of the Fund to constitute plan assets (within the meaning of the DOL Regulations) for purposes of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (it being understood that this proviso shall operate only to the extent necessary to avoid the occurrence of the consequences contemplated herein and shall not prevent the Common Unitholder from receiving a partial allocation of its pro rata portion of Units); provided, further, that any Units that have not been transferred to one or more other Common Unitholders pursuant to the previous proviso shall be allocated among the participating other Common Unitholders pro rata in accordance with their respective Capital Commitments. The provisions of this Section 5.5(b) constitute specified penalties or consequences for default in accordance with Section 18-502(c) of the Delaware Act. The damage to the Fund and other Common Unitholders resulting from a default by the Defaulting Investor is both significant and not easily quantified. By entry into a Subscription Agreement, the Common Unitholder agrees to this transfer and acknowledges that it constitutes a reasonable remedy and a specified penalty or consequence as contemplated by Section 18-306 of the Delaware Act for any default in the Common Unitholder s obligation of the type described; and (c) The Fund may pursue any other remedies against the Defaulting Investor available to the Fund, subject to applicable law. By signing a Subscription Agreement, each Common Unitholder agrees that this Section 5.5 is for the benefit of the Fund and shall be interpreted by the Fund against a Defaulting Investor in the discretion of the Fund. Each Common Unitholder further agrees that such Common Unitholder cannot and will not seek to enforce this Section 5.5 against the Fund or any other Member in the Fund. 5.6 Key Person Suspension or Early Termination of Investment Period. Upon the occurrence of a Key Person Event, the Adviser will promptly give notice to the Members of this fact, at which time the Investment Period will immediately be suspended for 90 days (such 90-day period or shorter period pursuant to this paragraph, the Key Person Suspension Period ). Prior to the expiration of the Key Person Suspension Period, the Adviser will solicit votes from either (as determined by the Adviser in its sole 23 discretion) the independent members of the Board or the Members to either: (i) lift the Key Person Suspension Period on or prior to its 90-day expiration and resume the Investment Period or (ii) replace the Key Persons with Qualified Replacements nominated by the Adviser and resume the Investment Period. If the Key Person Suspension Period elapses without the written election or vote of a majority of the independent members of the Board or holders of a majority of the outstanding Units, as applicable, being entitled to make such determination to either lift the Key Person Suspension Period or replace the Key Persons with a Qualified Replacement selected by the Adviser, then the Investment Period will be permanently terminated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Key Person Suspension Period and/or the termination of the Investment Period will not be effective in respect of any transactions for which there is an executed letter of intent (whether or not binding) or other written commitment prior to the occurrence of such Key Person Event. A Key Person means each of Steven B. Klinsky, Robert A. Hamwee, John R. Kline and any qualified additional or a Qualified Replacement for any of them appointed pursuant to this paragraph or the final paragraph of this section. A Key Person Event will be deemed to occur if at any time during the Investment Period all Key Persons simultaneously have ceased for any reason to devote the Required Involvement (as defined below) for more than 30 days. A Qualified Replacement is someone who, in the reasonable judgment of the Adviser, is a professional with credit investment experience. Required Involvement means (i) with respect to Mr. Klinsky or any Qualified Replacement therefor, the dedication of substantially all of the Key Person s business time to New Mountain, its funds and clients and their respective portfolio companies and (ii) with respect to Messrs. Hamwee and Kline and any Qualified Replacement therefor, the dedication of a substantial majority of the Key Person s business time to New Mountain s credit investing activities, New Mountain s credit funds and their portfolio companies. Upon the occurrence of an Alternative Key Person Event, the Adviser will, as soon as reasonably practicable, solicit votes from the Members to determine whether they wish to terminate the Investment Period at such time. If Members holding 70 of the outstanding Units affirmatively vote in favor of the termination of the Investment Period within 90 days of the Alternative Key Person Event, the Investment Period will be terminated upon the expiration of such 90-day period. An Alternative Key Person Event will be deemed to occur if at any time during the Investment Period any two Key Persons simultaneously cease for any reason to devote the Required Involvement for more than 30 days. At any time during the Investment Period, the Adviser may, by written notice to the Members, appoint a Qualified Replacement for any Key Person; provided that if, within 20 Business Days of receipt of notice from the Adviser of the selection of a person as a Qualified Replacement, holders of 60 of the outstanding Units object in writing to the selection of such person as a Qualified Replacement, such person shall not constitute a Qualified Replacement and the Adviser, in its sole discretion, shall appoint another person as a Qualified Replacement (with any such other person also being subject to objection pursuant to this proviso). 5.7 Successor Funds. None of the Adviser or any Affiliates of the Adviser may commence the operation of a Successor Fund until the earlier of (1) the end of the Investment Period or (2) the time that 24 at least 75 of the Common Unitholders aggregate Capital Commitments have been called pursuant to Section 5.3. ARTICLE VI UNITS; DISTRIBUTIONS 6.1 Units. Interests in the Fund will be held in the form of Units. The Fund will issue Common Units to investors from time to time at the applicable Price Per Unit. Such Common Units will be issued through drawdowns on specific Drawdown Dates or Catch-Up Dates, with Common Unitholders required to contribute all or a portion of their Remaining Capital Commitments in exchange for Common Units as set forth in this Agreement. Without the consent of any Common Unitholder, the Board may cause the Fund to issue one class of preferred Units, which class of Units may have rights senior to those of the Common Units, and such other characteristics as the Board may determine, subject to the requirements of the Investment Company Act. The Board may amend and supplement this Agreement to provide for the terms of such preferred Units in accordance with Section 12.2. In connection with the issuance of any such preferred Units to a Person, such Person shall execute this Agreement and become a Member. 6.2 Distributions. The Fund generally intends to distribute, out of assets legally available for distribution, substantially all of its available earnings, on a quarterly basis, as determined by the Fund s Board in its discretion. Any distributions received by a Common Unitholder shall have no effect on the amount of the Common Unitholder s Remaining Capital Commitments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Fund, and the Board on behalf of the Fund, will not make a distribution to any Member if such distribution would violate any provision of the Delaware Act or any other applicable law, rule, regulation or administrative requirement. 6.3 Withholding Taxes. To the extent the Fund determines that it is required by law to withhold taxes with respect to distributions made by the Fund to a Member Withholding Taxes ), the Fund may withhold such taxes as so required. The Fund will treat all Withholding Taxes as amounts distributed to the Member with respect to which such withholding was made. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Member hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Fund and the other Members from and against any liability (including, without limitation, any liability for taxes, penalties, additions to tax or interest) with respect to distributions or other payments made to such Member; provided that no reimbursement shall be required for such penalties, additions to tax, or interest that resulted from the gross negligence of the Fund. The foregoing indemnity obligation of each Member shall survive dissolution and termination of the Fund and shall survive the withdrawal of any Member from the Fund or any Transfer of Units. ARTICLE VII THE ADVISER 7.1 Appointment of the Adviser. Subject to the requirements of the Investment Company Act, the Fund shall be party to an investment management agreement (the Investment Management Agreement with the Adviser for purposes of engaging the Adviser to manage the Fund s investments. 

25 ARTICLE VIII ADMINISTRATION; BOOKS AND RECORDS; REPORTS; ETC. 8.1 Administrator. The Fund shall be party to an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement with the Administrator for purposes of engaging the Administrator to provide administrative services to the Fund. The Administrator may hire a third party sub-administrator to assist with the provision of administrative services. 8.2 Maintenance of Books and Records. The Fund shall keep or cause to be kept at the address of the Administrator (or at such other place as the Fund or the Administrator shall determine and, if during the Term, shall advise the Members in writing) full and accurate accounts of the transactions of the Fund in proper books and records of account, during the Term and for a period of at least six (6) years thereafter, which books and records shall set forth full and accurate information regarding the Fund in all material respects. Such books and records shall be maintained in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, which shall be the basis for the preparation of the Fund s financial reports prepared pursuant to this Article VIII. Such books and records shall be available, upon five (5) Business Days notice to the Fund, for inspection and copying at reasonable times during business hours by a Member (other than any Defaulting Investor) or its duly authorized agents or representatives for any purpose reasonably related to such Member s interest as a member in the Fund. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Fund acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding anything contained in Section 13.10(a) to the contrary, any Member acting in compliance with this Agreement and the requirements of applicable law shall be entitled to receive a list of names, addresses and Capital Commitments of the Members within five (5) Business Days after making a request therefor. 8.3 Reports. The Fund will maintain a registration under the Exchange Act and shall prepare and make available to each Member the reports it is required to file under the Exchange Act, including any required audited and unaudited financial statements. 8.4 Closing Documents. The Fund shall provide to each Member an electronic copy of a set of executed documents relating to such Member s subscription for Common Units within thirty (30) calendar days of such Member s admission to the Fund. 8.5 Tax Documents. The Fund will cause to be delivered after the end of each calendar year to each Person who was a Member at any time during such calendar year and is subject to U.S. federal, state, and local tax reporting obligations, such information as may be necessary for the preparation of such Person s U.S. federal, state, and local tax returns (including, but not limited to, Form 1042 and Form 1099, as applicable). 8.6 Valuation. The fair value of the Fund s assets will be determined pursuant to a valuation policy approved by the Board. ARTICLE IX INDEMNIFICATION 9.1 Limitation of Liability. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no Covered Person will be liable to the Fund or to any Member for any act or omission performed or omitted by any such Covered Person (including any acts or omissions of or by another Covered Person), in the absence of (i) breach of this Agreement by such Covered Person, (ii) willful misfeasance, bad faith, fraud or gross negligence on the part of such Covered Person in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless 26 disregard of its duties and obligations, or (iii) violation of any law by such Covered Person, including, but not limited to, violation of any federal or state securities law, that has a material adverse effect on the Fund (collectively, Disabling Conduct ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the definition of Disabling Conduct , as it relates to the members of the Advisory Committee (and the Members represented by such members, solely with respect to the activities of such members acting in their capacity as Advisory Committee members), shall mean fraud, bad faith or willful misconduct. 9.2 Indemnification. The Fund shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify each Covered Person for any loss or damage incurred by it in connection with any matter arising out of, or in connection with, the Fund, including the operations of the Fund and the offering of Units, except for losses incurred by a Covered Person arising solely from (i) the Covered Person s own Disabling Conduct or (ii) a claim between or among Covered Persons. 9.3 Expenses. In addition to the right to indemnification conferred in Section 9.2, an Covered Person shall also have the right to be paid by the Fund the expenses (including reasonable attorney s fees) incurred in appearing at, participating in or defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition or in connection with a proceeding brought to establish or enforce a right to indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Article IX; provided, however, that, if applicable laws require or in the case of an advance made in a proceeding brought to establish or enforce a right to indemnification or advancement, an advancement of expenses incurred by a Covered Person in his or her capacity as a director, officer, employee or Advisory Committee member shall be made solely upon delivery to the Fund of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such Covered Person, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that such Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified or entitled to advancement of expenses under Section 9.2 and this Section 9.3 or otherwise. 9.4 Indemnification Not Exclusive. The rights accruing to any Covered Person under these provisions shall not exclude any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under this Agreement, any statute, agreement, or any other right to which he or she may be lawfully entitled. 9.5 Insurance. The Fund may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer or employee of the Fund, member of the Advisory Committee or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Fund would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under applicable law. ARTICLE X TRANSFERS; REDEMPTIONS 10.1 Transfers by Common Unitholders. Common Unitholders may not sell, offer for sale, assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of (a Transfer any Common Units unless (i) the Adviser consents; provided that such consent will not unreasonably be withheld if such Transfer is to a party other than a defaulting Common Unitholder and the Transfer does not negatively impact the Fund s borrowing base or other terms of any credit facilities or subscription facilities, and, if required by the Fund s lending arrangements, the Fund s lenders give consent to such Transfer and (ii) the Transfer is made in accordance with all applicable securities laws. No Transfer will be effectuated except by registration of the Transfer on the Fund s books. Each transferee will be required to execute an instrument agreeing to be bound by this Agreement and the other restrictions imposed on the Common Units and to execute such other instruments or certifications as are 27 reasonably required by the Adviser. For the avoidance of doubt, the Adviser s reasonable doubt as to whether a transferee can accurately make the representations and warranties and fulfill the obligations set forth in this Agreement or the Subscription Agreement of a transferor will be reasonable grounds to withhold consent to a Transfer. The transferee shall be admitted to the Fund as a Member of the Fund upon (i) the approval of the Fund, and (ii) its execution of an instrument signifying its agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, which instrument may be a counterpart signature page to this Agreement. If a Member transfers all of its Common Units pursuant to this Section 10.1, such admission shall be deemed effective immediately prior to the transfer and, immediately following such admission, the transferor Member shall cease to be a member of the Fund. No Transfer will be permitted that would require the Fund to register the Common Units under the Securities Act, under any U.S. state securities laws or under the laws of any other jurisdiction. No Units shall be transferred in the event that such Transfer would (A) violate the Securities Act, the Investment Company Act or any state (or other jurisdiction) securities or Blue Sky laws applicable to the Fund, (B) constitute a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, (C) be reasonably likely to cause all or any portion of the assets of the Fund to constitute plan assets for purposes of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code, or applicable Similar Law, or (D) cause the Fund or the Adviser to be considered a fiduciary of any Member for purposes of Title I of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code or any applicable Similar Law. The Fund has no intention to register the Units under the Securities Act or under any state securities laws and, unless the Fund otherwise agrees in writing, is under no obligation to assist any Member in obtaining or complying with any exemption from registration. The Fund may require that a proposed transferee meet appropriate financial and other suitability standards and that the Member furnish a legal opinion satisfactory to the Fund and its counsel that the proposed Transfer complies with any applicable federal, state and any other securities laws. Any Member who requests or otherwise seeks to effect a Transfer of all or a portion of its Units hereby agrees to reimburse the Fund, at its request, for any expenses reasonably incurred by the Fund in connection with such Transfer, including the costs of seeking and obtaining the legal opinion and any other legal, accounting and miscellaneous expenses, whether or not such Transfer is consummated. The Sponsor Commitment may not be transferred except to a Management Company Related Investor. 10.2 Redemptions. Holders of Common Units shall not be entitled to require the Fund to repurchase or redeem Common Units. 10.3 Redemptions by the Fund; Withdrawals. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, if at any time the Board determines in its sole discretion that (a) a Member has breached this Agreement or any of its representations or warranties contained in such Member s Subscription Agreement with the Fund or (b) there is a reasonable likelihood that the continuing participation in the Fund by such Member would have an Adverse Consequence, or otherwise be reasonably likely to result in a significant delay, extraordinary expense or material adverse effect on the Adviser, the Fund, any Portfolio Company or any of their respective Affiliates, then the Fund may (i) redeem such Member s Common Units (out of the assets of the Fund) at the redemption price equal to the then current Per Unit NAV, and each Member s Remaining Capital Commitment is subject to cancellation at any time and (ii) the Fund may cause such Member to cease to be a member of the Fund, and upon such redemption the holders of the Units so redeemed shall have no further right with respect thereto other than to receive payment of such 28 redemption price; provided that the Fund will use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the relevant Member to agree on a cure period or otherwise implement alternative solutions to avoiding an Adverse Consequence other than taking the actions in (i) or (ii) above, but the Fund will engage in such cooperation only to the extent that the Fund believes the relevant Member acted in good faith and the Fund reasonably determines that a delay in taking the actions in (i) or (ii) above would not result in an Adverse Consequence. ARTICLE XI DISSOLUTION AND TERMINATION OF THE FUND 11.1 Dissolution Events. There will be a dissolution of the Fund and its affairs shall be wound up upon the first to occur of any of the following events (each an Event of Dissolution ): (a) the dissolution of the Fund as provided in Section 1.4; (b) the last Business Day of the first Fiscal Year following the end of the Investment Period in which all Portfolio Investments acquired or agreed to be acquired by the Fund have been sold or otherwise disposed of; (c) the determination by the Board, subject to any Member approvals required by the Investment Company Act; (d) upon the vote of Common Unitholders holding 75 of outstanding Common Units at any time for any reason; (e) the termination of the legal existence of the last remaining member of the Fund or the occurrence of any other event which terminates the continued membership of the last remaining member of the Fund in the Fund unless the Fund is continued without dissolution in a manner permitted by the Delaware Act; or (f) the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution of the Fund under Section 18-802 of the Delaware Act. 11.2 Winding Up. (a) Liquidation of Assets. Following an Event of Dissolution, the Fund s affairs shall be wound up in an orderly manner. The Board shall act as, or shall appoint a person (including the Adviser) to act as, the liquidating trustee (the liquidator to wind up the affairs of the Fund pursuant to this Agreement. The liquidator shall cause the Fund to pay or provide for the satisfaction of the Fund s liabilities and obligations to creditors in accordance with the Delaware Act. In performing its duties, the liquidator is authorized to sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of the assets of the Fund in such reasonable manner as the liquidator, subject to the Board s oversight (if the Board is not acting as the liquidator), shall determine to be in the best interest of the Members. (b) Liquidating Distributions; Priority. Subject to Section 18-804 of the Delaware Act, the assets of the Fund shall be applied in the following order of priority: (i) First, to creditors in satisfaction of the debts and liabilities of the Fund, to the extent otherwise permitted by law, whether by payment thereof or the making of reasonable provision for payment thereof and to the expenses of liquidation, whether by payment thereof or the making of 

29 reasonable provision for payment thereof, and to the establishment of any reasonable reserves (which may be funded by a liquidating trust) to be established by the Board (or liquidating trustee or other representative) in amounts determined by it to be necessary for the payment of the Fund s expenses, liabilities and other obligations (whether fixed or contingent); and (ii) Thereafter, among the Common Unitholders equally on a per Common Unit basis. 11.3 Time for Liquidation, etc. A reasonable time period shall be allowed for the orderly winding up and liquidation of the assets of the Fund and the discharge of liabilities to creditors so as to enable the liquidator to seek to minimize potential losses upon such liquidation. The provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect during the period of winding up and until the filing of a certificate of cancellation of the Certificate of Formation of the Fund with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 11.4 Cancellation. Upon completion of the foregoing provisions of this Article XI, the Board shall authorize an officer, or other person on behalf of the Fund as an authorized person within the meaning of the Delaware Act, to execute, acknowledge and cause to be filed a certificate of cancellation of the Certificate of Formation of the Fund with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 11.5 Liability. None of the liquidator, the directors, the officers, the Adviser and their respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, managers, employees, agents and Affiliates shall be personally liable to any Member for the capital contributions of any Member. ARTICLE XII AMENDMENTS; VOTING; POWER OF ATTORNEY 12.1 Amendments By Consent. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the terms and provisions of this Agreement may be amended with the consent of the Board (which term includes any waiver, modification, or deletion of this Agreement) during or after the term of the Fund, together with the prior written consent of a majority- in-interest of the Common Unitholders. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 12.1, no amendment without the consent of the affected Member shall increase the liability or obligations or increase the Capital Commitment of such Members. 12.2 Amendments Without Consent. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 12.1, or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the following amendments may be made with the consent of the Board and without the need to obtain the consent of any Member: (a) to add to the duties or obligations of the Board or surrender any right granted to the Board herein; (b) to cure any ambiguity or correct or supplement any provision herein which may be inconsistent with any other provision herein or to correct any printing, stenographic or clerical errors or omissions in order that this Agreement shall accurately reflect the agreement among the Members; 30 (c) to make such changes as the Board in good faith deems necessary to comply with any requirements applicable to the Fund or its affiliates under the Investment Company Act or any similar state or federal law; (d) to make changes negotiated with Additional Investors so long as the changes do not materially adversely affect the rights and obligations of any existing Common Unitholders and the amendment is not objected to by Common Unitholders holding 20 or more of outstanding Common Units within twenty (20) Business Days of being given notice thereof; (e) to create any new series or classes of Units and to establish the terms thereof; (f) to change the name of the Fund; or (g) to make changes that this Agreement specifically provides may be made by the Board without the consent of any Member, provided, however, that no amendment shall may be made pursuant to clauses (a) through (e) above if such amendment would (1) subject any Member to any adverse economic consequences without such Member s consent, (2) diminish the rights or protections of one or more Members (including, for the avoidance of doubt, provisions intended to protect one or more Members from suffering certain adverse tax consequences), or (3) diminish or waive in any material respect the duties and obligations of the Board to the Fund or the Members. 12.3 Consent to Amend Special Provisions. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 12.1, subject to any requirements of applicable law, any provision in this Agreement that requires the consent, action or approval of a specified percentage in interest of the Members may not be amended without the consent of such specified percentage in interest of Members. 12.4 Power of Attorney. Each Member by executing a Subscription Agreement does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint each of the Fund, the Adviser and each director or any duly authorized representative of the Fund as its true and lawful representative and its attorney-in-fact, and agent of such Member, to execute, acknowledge, verify, swear to, deliver, record and file, in its or its assignee s name, place and stead, all instruments, documents and certificates that may from time to time be required by the laws of the United States, the State of Delaware, the State of New York, any other jurisdiction in which the Fund conducts or plans to conduct business, or any political subdivision or agency thereof, to effectuate, implement and continue the valid existence and investment and other activities of the Fund, including the power and authority to execute, verify, swear to, acknowledge, deliver, record and file: (a) all certificates and other instruments, including any amendments to this Agreement or to the Certificate of Formation of the Fund, that any duly authorized representative of the Fund determines to be appropriate to (i) form, qualify or continue the Fund as a limited liability company in the State of Delaware and all other jurisdictions in which the Fund conducts or plans to conduct business and (ii) admit such Member as a Member in the Fund; (b) all instruments that the Board determines to be appropriate to reflect any amendment to this Agreement or the Certificate of Formation of the Fund (i) to satisfy any requirements, conditions, guidelines or opinions contained in any opinion, no-action letter, directive, order, ruling or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Internal Revenue Service, or any other U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. governmental agency, or in any 31 U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. statute, compliance with which the Board deems to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Fund, (ii) to change the name of the Fund or (iii) to cure any ambiguity or correct or supplement any provision hereof that may be incomplete or inconsistent with any other provision herein contained so long as such amendment under this clause (iii) does not adversely affect the interests of the Members; (c) all agreements and instruments necessary or advisable to consummate, hold or dispose of any Portfolio Investment; (d) all conveyances and other instruments that the Board determines to be appropriate to reflect and effect the dissolution, winding up and liquidation of the Fund in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, including the filing of a certificate of cancellation as provided for in Article XI; (e) all instruments relating to (i) Transfers of Units, (ii) the treatment of a Defaulting Investor or (iii) any change in the Capital Commitment of any Common Unitholder, all in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; (f) all amendments to this Agreement duly approved and adopted in accordance with Section 12.2; (g) certificates of assumed name and such other certificates and instruments as may be necessary under the fictitious or assumed name statutes from time to time in effect in all jurisdictions in which the Fund conducts or plans to conduct business; (h) all instruments relating to litigation, other claims or arbitration on behalf of the Fund; and (i) any other instruments determined by the Board to be necessary or appropriate in connection with the proper conduct of the business of the Fund and that do not adversely affect the interest of any Member. Such attorney-in-fact and agent shall not, however, have the right, power or authority to amend or modify this Agreement, when acting in such capacities, except to the extent authorized herein. This power of attorney shall not be affected by the subsequent disability, incapacity or incompetence of the principal. To the fullest extent permitted by law, this power of attorney shall be deemed to be coupled with an interest, shall be irrevocable, shall survive and not be affected by the dissolution, bankruptcy or legal disability of any Member and shall extend to such Member s successors and assigns. This power of attorney may be exercised by such attorney-in-fact and agent for all Members (or any of them) by a single signature of any duly authorized representative of the Fund acting as attorney-in-fact with or without listing all of the Members executing an instrument. Any Person dealing with the Fund may conclusively presume and rely upon the fact that any instrument referred to above, executed by such attorney-in-fact and agent, is authorized and binding, without further inquiry. If required, each Member shall execute and deliver to the Fund, within five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request therefor, such further designations, powers of attorney or other instruments as the Board shall determine to be necessary for the purposes hereof consistent with the provisions of this Agreement. The foregoing power of attorney shall survive the delivery of an assignment by a Member of the whole of its interests in the Fund except that the power of attorney shall survive for the sole purpose of enabling any duly authorized representative of the Fund to execute, swear to, acknowledge and file any instrument necessary or appropriate to effect such assignment. 32 ARTICLE XIII MISCELLANEOUS 13.1 Notices. (a) All notices, reports, requests, demands, consents and other communications hereunder or relating to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (i) mailed, registered mail, first-class postage paid, (ii) sent by overnight mail or courier, (iii) transmitted via telegram, telex or facsimile, (iv) posted on the Fund s intranet website in accordance with Section 13.1(b) or (v) delivered by hand, if to any Member, at such Member s address, or to such Member s facsimile number, as set forth in such Member s Subscription Agreement, and if to the Fund or to the Adviser, to the Adviser at its address set forth in the first sentence of Section 1.2(b), with a copy to Simpson Thacher Bartlett LLP, 900 G Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20001, Attention: Rajib Chanda, Esq., or to such other Person or address as any Member shall have last designated by notice to the Fund, and in the case of a change in address by the Fund or the Adviser, by notice to the Members. Any notice, report, request, demand, consent and other communication will be deemed received (i) if sent by registered mail, when actually received, (ii) if sent by overnight mail or courier, when actually received, (iii) if sent by telegram, telex or facsimile transmission, on the date sent, (iv) if posted on the Fund s intranet website in accordance with Section 13.1(b), on the day an e-mail is sent to the Member instructing it that a notice has been posted (provided that if such e-mail is sent after 6:00 pm Eastern Standard Time or on a day that is not a Business Day, such notice shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day) and (v) if delivered by hand, on the date of receipt. Within five (5) Business Days of the date of each Member s admission to the Fund, the Fund shall furnish each Member with the address of the Fund s intranet website and a password permitting access thereto. (b) The Fund may, in its discretion, provide any notice, report, request, demand, consent or other communication to a Member by posting such notice on the Fund s intranet website and sending an e- mail to such Member notifying it of such posting. 13.2 Counterparts and Execution. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together shall constitute a single agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, a Person s execution and delivery of this Agreement by electronic signature and electronic transmission (jointly, an Electronic Signature ), including via DocuSign or other similar method, shall constitute the execution and delivery of a counterpart of this Agreement by or on behalf of such Person and shall bind such Person to the terms of this Agreement. The parties hereto agree that this Agreement and any additional information incidental hereto may be maintained as electronic records. Any Person executing and delivering this Agreement by an Electronic Signature further agrees to take any and all reasonable additional actions, if any, evidencing its intent to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, as may be reasonably requested by the Fund. 13.3 Table of Contents and Headings. The table of contents and the headings of the articles, sections and subsections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof or affect the interpretation hereof. 13.4 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Members and the Covered Persons, and shall be binding upon the parties, and, subject to Section 10.1, their respective successors, permitted assigns and, in the case of individual Covered Persons, heirs and legal representatives. 13.5 Severability. Every term and provision of this Agreement is intended to be severable. If any term or provision hereof is illegal or invalid for any reason whatsoever, such term or provision will be 

33 enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law and, in any event, such illegality or invalidity shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement. 13.6 Further Actions. Each Member shall execute and deliver such other certificates, agreements and documents, and take such other actions, as may reasonably be requested by the Board or the Adviser in connection with the formation of the Fund and the achievement of its purposes and are not inconsistent with the terms and provisions of this Agreement, including any documents that the Board or the Adviser determines to be necessary or appropriate to form, qualify or continue the Fund as a limited liability company in all jurisdictions in which the Fund conducts or plans to conduct its investment and other activities and all such agreements, certificates, tax statements and other documents as may be required to be filed by or on behalf of the Fund. 13.7 Interpretation. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or otherwise applicable provision of law or equity, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, (i) whenever in this Agreement a Person is permitted or required to make a decision (a) in its sole discretion, sole and absolute discretion or discretion, the Person shall be entitled to consider any interests and factors as it desires, including its own interests (subject to fiduciary duties required by applicable law) or (b) in its good faith or under another express standard, the Person shall act under such express standard and shall not be subject to any other or different standards and (ii) as used herein the term good faith shall mean subjective good faith under Delaware law. Whenever in this Agreement a Person is permitted or required to provide its written consent in respect of a matter, such written consent may, in the Board s or the Adviser s discretion, be evidenced by electronic mail. 13.8 Non-Waiver. No provision of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been waived except if the giving of such waiver is contained in a writing, and no such waiver shall be deemed to be a waiver of any other or further obligation or liability of the party or parties in whose favor the waiver was given. 13.9 Applicable Law. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED WHOLLY WITHIN THAT JURISDICTION WITHOUT REGARD TO CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES. Unless the Fund otherwise agrees in writing, any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement may be brought in the courts of the State of Delaware, and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Member hereby irrevocably accepts for him or herself and in respect of his or her property, generally and unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts. Such Member hereby further irrevocably waives any claim that any such courts lack personal jurisdiction over such Member, and agrees not to plead or claim, in any legal action proceeding with respect to this Agreement in any of the aforementioned courts, that such courts lack personal jurisdiction over such Member. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, unless the Fund otherwise agrees in writing, any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement by a Member seeking any relief whatsoever against the Fund shall be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (or other appropriate state court in the State of Delaware), and not in any other court in the United States of America, or any court in any other country. Such Member hereby irrevocably waives any objection that such Member may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any of the aforesaid actions or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Agreement brought in the aforesaid courts and hereby further irrevocably, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waives his or her rights to plead or claim and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. UNLESS THE FUND OTHERWISE AGREES IN WRITING, THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT THAT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO 34 A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT. If and to the extent that any provision of the laws of the state of Delaware or any provision of this Agreement conflicts with any provision of the Investment Company Act, the applicable provision of the Investment Company Act will control. 13.10 Confidentiality. (a) Subject to the exceptions in this Section 13.10, each Member shall not disclose, share or provide to any Person, without the prior written consent of the Board or the Adviser (other than to such Member s employees, auditors, professional advisers or counsel who are under an agreement or understanding of confidentiality (the Member Recipients )) any information with respect to the Adviser, the Fund, any Portfolio Investment, any Portfolio Company or their respective Affiliates Confidential Information provided that a Member may disclose any such information (i) as has become generally available to the public other than as a result of the breach of this Section 13.10 by any Member or its Member Recipients or (ii) subject to Section 13.10(c), as may be required by any (A) audit, report, statement, submission or testimony required by any authorized municipal, state or national taxing or regulatory body, (B) subpoena, document request or other legal process in any legal action or proceeding or (C) law (including the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. 552), order, regulation or ruling (the requirements in subsections (A)-(C) collectively, Legal Requirements ). Without limitation of the foregoing, each Member acknowledges that notices and reports to Members (to the extent not publicly filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission) may contain material non-public information concerning, among other things, Portfolio Companies and agrees not to use such information other than in connection with monitoring its investment in the Fund and agrees in that regard not to trade in securities or instruments on the basis of any such information. For the avoidance of doubt, no Member shall be in breach of Section 13.10(a) by virtue of such Member s confidential discussion with other Members regarding the Adviser, the Fund and Portfolio Investments in connection with such Member s evaluation, monitoring or exercising such Member s rights pursuant to this Agreement. (b) If the Board or the Adviser believes in good faith that a Member may disclose Confidential Information in violation of this Agreement, the Fund may (i) provide to a Member all non-public information that is provided to such Member, including, but not limited to, quarterly, annual and other reports, information provided to the Advisory Committee (or any Advisory Committee observers), and information provided at any Fund informational meetings (collectively, Fund Information to such Member solely by means of access on the Fund s website in password protected, non-downloadable, non- printable format, (ii) require such Member to return any copies of any of the foregoing information provided to it by the Adviser or the Fund, (iii) provide to such Member access to any of the Fund Information only at the Fund s (or its counsel s) office or (iv) withhold all or any part of the Fund Information otherwise to be provided to such Member other than the fund-level, aggregate performance information specified in Section 13.10(c)(iii) below; provided that the Fund shall not withhold any information pursuant to this clause (iv) if a Member confirms in writing to the Fund that compliance with the procedures provided for in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above or other means mutually agreeable to the Fund or the Adviser and the relevant Member would be legally sufficient to prevent such potential disclosure. (c) To the extent that any Legal Requirements require a Member or any of its Affiliates to disclose Confidential Information, to the fullest extent permitted by law, such Member hereby agrees to notify the Fund promptly in writing of any such potential disclosure and to take commercially reasonable steps to oppose and prevent the requested disclosure unless (i) a court order to disclose such information has been issued by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) the Fund does not object in writing to such disclosure within ten (10) calendar days (or any lesser time period as provided in the applicable Legal 35 Requirement) of such notice or (iii) such disclosure relates solely to fund-level, aggregate performance information (i.e., aggregate cash flows, overall IRRs, the year of formation of the Fund, and such Member s own Capital Commitment and Remaining Capital Commitment) and does not include (A) any information relating to individual Portfolio Companies, or (B) any other information not referred to in clause (iii) above. In any event, the Member will disclose no more information than is required under the circumstances. (d) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 13.10(a) above, the Adviser and the Fund agree that each Member that (i) itself is an investment partnership or other collective investment vehicle having reporting obligations to its limited partners or other investors and (ii) has prior to the closing of its subscription for Common Units notified the Fund in writing that it is electing the benefits of this Section 13.10(d) may, in order to satisfy its respective reporting obligations, provide on a confidential basis the following information to its limited partners or other investors regarding the Fund and any Portfolio Companies: (i) the cost of the Fund s investment in a Portfolio Company and the percentage interest of the Portfolio Company acquired by the Fund, (ii) a description of the business of the Portfolio Company and information regarding the industry and geographic location of the Portfolio Company, (iii) the book value or current value (as reported by the Fund) of a Portfolio Company on the last day of the quarter, (iv) a brief description of the investment strategy of the Fund, (v) the names of the Key Persons, (vi) the name and address of the Fund, (vii) the net asset value of the Member s Common Units in the Fund taken as a whole, (viii) the amount of distributions to such Member and the purchase price of Common Units purchased by the Member, (ix) the ratio of net asset value of the Member s Common Units in the Fund taken as a whole plus distributions to such Member to the aggregate purchase price paid by such Member for its Common Units, (x) such Member s internal rate of return with respect to its investment in the Fund taken as a whole and (xi) any information regarding the Fund the disclosure of which is permitted pursuant to clause (iii) of Section 13.10(c) above; provided that a Member authorized to make the disclosures permitted by this sentence may also disclose the information specified in items (vi) through (xi) thereof to its prospective investors if provided on a confidential basis. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event may any such Member disclose any other Confidential Information regarding the Fund, the Adviser or any of their Affiliates or any information regarding the Fund s pending acquisition or pending disposition of a Portfolio Investment or proposed Portfolio Investment without the prior written consent of the Fund or the Adviser. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except as reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws, each Member (and such Member s employees, representatives or other agents) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the offering and ownership of the Units (including the tax treatment and tax structure of any Fund transactions) and all materials of any kind (including opinions and other tax analyses) that are provided to such Member relating to such tax treatment and tax structure. (f) The provisions of Section 13.10(a) apply to any information that a Member has already obtained or accessed. For clarity, the Adviser and the Fund shall have the right to keep confidential from the Members (i) any trade secrets of the Adviser, the Fund, any Portfolio Company or their respective Affiliates and (ii) other information (A) the disclosure of which to the Members the Adviser in good faith believes is not in the best interests of the Fund or could damage the Fund or its investments or (B) that the Fund is required by Legal Requirements or by agreement with any Person to keep confidential from the Members. A Member may by giving written notice to the Adviser or the Fund elect not to receive copies of any document, report or other information that such Member would otherwise receive and is not required by applicable law to be delivered. The Adviser agrees that it shall make any such documents available to such Member at the Adviser s offices (or, at the request of such Member, the offices of Fund Counsel). 36 (g) Any obligation of a Member pursuant to this Section 13.10 may be waived by the Fund or the Adviser in its sole discretion. (h) Neither the Fund, the Adviser nor any of its Affiliates shall include the name of a Member that has requested in writing in connection with its admission to the Fund that the Fund and the Adviser not do so in materials disseminated to third parties or otherwise disclose, either orally or in writing, any relationship with such Member using the Member s name, without prior written permission from such Member; provided that this Section 13.10(h) shall not apply if such Member has publicly disclosed a relationship with the Fund. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Fund, the Adviser and its Affiliates shall be permitted to disclose, and each Member consents to the disclosure of, the Member s name and the Member s investment in the Fund (i) as required by law, regulation or legal process (including requests from regulatory or self-regulatory authorities), (ii) if the Adviser determines in good faith that such disclosure is in the best interests of the Fund in connection with a Portfolio Investment, (iii) to the other Members in the ordinary course of the Fund s business, (iv) to the Fund s lenders or other counterparties or service providers in the ordinary course of the Fund s business or (v) to the Members and prospective Members and prospective investors in other New Mountain funds or accounts that in the course of their due diligence request disclosure of the identity of the existing Members. 13.11 Survival of Certain Provisions. The obligations of each Member pursuant to Article IX shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement, the dissolution, winding up and termination of the Fund and the resignation of any Member from the Fund or any Transfer of a Member s Common Units. 13.12 Waiver of Partition. Except as may otherwise be provided by law in connection with the dissolution, winding up and termination of the Fund, each Member hereby irrevocably waives any and all rights that it may have to maintain an action for partition of any of the Fund s property. 13.13 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Subscription Agreements constitute the entire agreement among the Members and the Fund with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any prior agreement or understanding among them with respect to such subject matter. The representations and warranties of the Fund, the Adviser and the Members in and the other provisions of the Subscription Agreements shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement or of any Subscription Agreement, it is hereby acknowledged and agreed that the Fund, and the Adviser on behalf of the Fund, without any further act, approval or vote of any Member, may enter into a side letter or similar agreement to or with a Member (or an investor in a Member that is a collective investment vehicle (including investors in its limited partners or other investors that are collective investment vehicles)) which has the effect of establishing rights under, or altering or supplementing the terms hereof or of any Subscription Agreement. The parties hereto agree that any rights established, or any terms of this Agreement or any Subscription Agreement altered or supplemented in a side letter or similar agreement to or with such Person shall govern with respect to such Person (but not with respect to any of such Person s assignees or transferees unless so specified in such side letter or similar agreement), if applicable, notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement or of any Subscription Agreement, and, for the avoidance of any doubt, matters arising under any such side letter or similar agreement are considered matters contemplated in this Agreement and the provisions of Article IX shall apply equally to any such side letter or similar agreement; provided that unless otherwise agreed by the Fund, any such rights shall cease to apply with respect to any Member that becomes a Defaulting Investor. 13.14 Fund Counsel. Counsel to the Fund may also be counsel to the Adviser and its respective Affiliates. The Fund has initially selected Simpson Thacher Bartlett LLP (collectively, with any future counsel to the Fund, the Fund Counsel as legal counsel to the Fund. Each Member acknowledges that the Fund Counsel does not represent any Member in connection with such Member s or any other Member s 

37 investment in the Fund, any matters that may arise out of the organization of the Fund, the offering of interests in the Fund, the management, operation and investment activities of the Fund and any other Fund matters (in the absence of a clear and explicit agreement to such effect between the Member and the Fund Counsel and only to the extent specifically set forth in that agreement), and that in the absence of any such agreement the Fund Counsel shall owe no duties directly to a Member. In the event any dispute or controversy arises between any Member and the Fund, or between any Member or the Fund, on the one hand, and the Adviser (or an Affiliate thereof) that the Fund Counsel represents, on the other hand, then each Member agrees that the Fund Counsel may represent either the Fund or the Adviser (or its Affiliate), or both, in any such dispute or controversy to the extent permitted by the New York Rules of Professional Conduct or similar rules in any other jurisdiction, and each Member hereby consents to such representation and waives any conflicts arising out of such representation, claims of attorney-client privilege or other basis for opposing Fund Counsel s playing this role or seeking to disqualify Fund Counsel to the maximum extent permitted by the New York Rules of Professional Conduct or similar rules in any other jurisdiction. Each Member further acknowledges that, whether or not the Fund Counsel has in the past represented such Member with respect to other matters, the Fund Counsel has not represented the interests of any Member in the preparation and negotiation of this Agreement. 13.15 Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Requirements. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Adviser, in its own name and on behalf of the Fund, shall be authorized without the consent of any Person, including any Member, to take such action (including requiring any Member to provide it with such information) as it determines in its sole discretion to be necessary or advisable to comply with any anti-money laundering or anti-terrorist laws, rules, regulations, directives or special measures, including the actions contemplated by the Subscription Agreements. 13.16 ERISA Members. The Adviser will use reasonable efforts to avoid having the assets of the Fund constitute plan assets of any benefit plan investor within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations that is subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 13.17 Tax Cooperation. Each Member shall provide such cooperation and assistance, including but not limited to executing and filing forms or other statements, as is reasonably requested by the Fund to enable the Fund or any entity in which the Fund owns a direct or indirect interest to satisfy any applicable tax reporting or compliance requirements or to qualify for an exception from or reduced rate of tax or other tax benefit or be relieved of liability for any tax regardless of whether such requirement, tax benefit or tax liability existed on the Initial Closing Date. Each Member shall indemnify the Fund for any additional expenses incurred as a result of the failure of such Member in complying with the foregoing requirements of this Section 13.17. 13.18 Initial Member. Upon the admission of one of more Members to the Fund as of the date hereof, the initial Member of the Fund shall (a) receive a return of any capital contribution made by him to the Fund, (b) withdraw as the initial Member of the Fund, and (c) have no further right, interest or obligation of any kind whatsoever as a Member in the Fund. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. FUND: NEW MOUNTAIN GUARDIAN IV UNLEVERED BDC, L.L.C. By: /s/ Adam Weinstein Adam Weinstein, Director and Executive Vice President MEMBERS: Each of the Persons who has executed a Subscription Agreement, agreeing to purchase Common Units in the Fund, to be admitted to the Fund as a Member and to be bound by the terms of the Agreement, pursuant to the power of attorney granted hereby and in the Subscription Agreements By: /s/ Adam Weinstein Adam Weinstein, as attorney-in-fact for each of the Common Unitholders INITIAL MEMBER: By: /s/ Adam Weinstein Adam Weinstein, Initial Member ADVISER: NEW MOUNTAIN FINANCE ADVISERS BDC, L.L.C. By: /s/ Adam Weinstein Adam Weinstein, Authorized Person 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.2>
 3
 nmg4income-12312023xex042.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 4.2 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 Description of Our Units 
 The following description is based on relevant portions of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act and on our limited liability company agreement. This summary is not necessarily complete, and we refer you to New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C s (the Fund limited liability company agreement, as amended and restated on July 10, 2023 (the A&R LLC Agreement for a more detailed description of the provisions summarized below. 
 Interests in the Fund are held in the form of units of limited liability interests in the Fund Units ). The Fund will issue common units of limited liability company interests in the Fund (the Common Units to investors from time to time at the applicable price per Unit. Such Common Units will be issued through drawdowns at least ten business days prior to the date on which such drawdown purchase is due and payable (the Drawdown Date ), or on one or more dates to be determined by the fund that occur on or following an additional closing but is not later than the next succeeding Drawdown Date (each, a Catch-Up Date ), with common unitholders required to contribute all or a portion of their remaining capital commitments in exchange for Common Units as set forth in the A&R LLC Agreement. In addition, unitholders are entitled to one vote for each Unit held on all matters submitted to a vote of unitholders and do not have cumulative voting rights. Unitholders are entitled to receive proportionately any distributions declared by the Board of Directors of the Fund (the Board ), subject to any preferential distribution rights of outstanding preferred Units. Upon the Fund s dissolution and winding up, the unitholders will be entitled to receive ratably its net assets available after the payment or the making of reasonable provision for payment of all debts and other liabilities and the establishment of reasonable reserves by the Board in amounts determined by it to be necessary for the payment of the Fund's expenses, liabilities and other obligations, and will be subject to the prior rights of any outstanding preferred Units. Unitholders have no redemption or preemptive rights. The rights, preferences and privileges of unitholders are subject to the rights of the holders of preferred Units that the Fund may designate and issue in the future. 
 Without the consent of any common unitholder, the Board may cause the Fund to issue one class of preferred Units, which class of Units may have rights senior to those of the Common Units, and such other characteristics as the Board may determine, subject to the requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). The Board may amend and supplement the A&R LLC Agreement to provide for the terms of such preferred Units. 
 Delaware Law and Certain Limited Liability Company Agreement Provisions 
 Agreement to be Bound by the Limited Liability Agreement Power of Attorney 
 By executing the subscription agreement or a counterpart thereof, each investor accepted by the Fund is agreeing to be admitted as a member of the Fund and bound by the terms of the A&R LLC Agreement. Pursuant to the A&R LLC Agreement, each unitholder and each person who acquires Units from a unitholder grants to certain of the Fund s officers (and, if appointed, a liquidator) a power of attorney to, among other things, execute and file documents required for the Fund s qualification, continuance or termination. The power of attorney also grants the Board the authority to make certain amendments to, and in accordance with, the A&R LLC Agreement. 
 Drawdowns 
 From time to time in its discretion, the Fund may issue drawdowns on all or any portion of the unitholders remaining capital commitments in accordance with the terms of the A&R LLC Agreement. 
 During the investment period, which began on May 23, 2023 and will continue until November 23, 2028 (the Investment Period ), drawdowns may be issued at any time for any permitted purpose. Following the end of the Investment Period, the Fund will have the right to make drawdowns only for the limited purposes set forth in the A&R LLC Agreement. 
 Resignation and Removal of Directors Procedures for Vacancies 
 Any or all of the directors may be removed only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all the then-outstanding Units of the Fund entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. 
 Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, including the 1940 Act, any newly created directorship on the Board that results from an increase in the number of directors, and any vacancy occurring in the Board that results from the death, resignation, disqualification or removal of a director or other cause, shall be filled exclusively by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, although less than a quorum (with a quorum being a majority of the total number of directors), or by a sole remaining director. Any director elected to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship shall hold office until his or her death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. 

Action by Unitholders 
 Under the A&R LLC Agreement, unitholder action can be taken only at a meeting of unitholders or by written consent in lieu of a meeting by unitholders representing at least the number of Units required to approve the matter in question. 
 Only the Board, the Chair of the Board, the Fund s Chief Executive Officer or the holders of a majority of the Units may call a meeting of unitholders. Only business specified in the Fund s notice of meeting (or supplement thereto) may be conducted at a meeting of unitholders. 
 Conflict with the 1940 Act 
 Our A&R LLC Agreement provides that, if and to the extent that any provision of Delaware law or any provision of our limited liability company agreement conflicts with any provision of the 1940 Act, the applicable provision of the 1940 Act will control. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-14.1>
 4
 codeofethicsandcodeofbus.htm
 EX-14.1

codeofethicsandcodeofbus 

CODE OF ETHICS SECTION I: STATEMENT OF GENERAL FIDUCIARY PRINCIPLES This Code of Ethics (the Code has been adopted by each of the Companies (as defined in the Rule 38a-1 Compliance Manual, and individually or interchangeably the Company (and any company controlled by the Company) and New Mountain Finance Advisers BDC, L.L.C. (the Adviser ), in compliance with Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), and, in the case of the Adviser, Rule 204A-1 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ). All Access Persons (as defined below) are expected to adhere to the principles set forth below as well as to comply with all of the specific provisions of this Code that are applicable to them. The purpose of this Code is to reflect the following: (1) an Access Persons fiduciary duty to place the interests of the Company and its shareholders first; (2) the requirement that all Access Persons conduct their personal securities transactions in such a manner as to avoid any actual or potential conflict of interest, any abuse of an Access Person s position of trust and responsibility, or otherwise raise fiduciary or antifraud issues; and (3) the fundamental standard that an Access Person should not take inappropriate advantage of his or her position with the Company or the Adviser. SECTION II: DEFINITIONS (A) Access Person(s) means any Advisory Person (as defined below) of the Company and the Adviser unless the context specifically limits the definition to an Access Person of either the Company or the Adviser. (B) An Advisory Person of the Company or the Adviser means: (i) any director, officer, manager or employee of the Company or the Adviser, or any other person who occupies a similar position in or performs a similar function for the Company or the Adviser, or any company in a Control (as defined below) relationship to the Company or the Adviser, who in connection with his or her regular functions or duties makes, participates in, or obtains information regarding the purchase or sale of any Covered Security (as defined below) by the Company, or whose functions relate to the making of any recommendation with respect to such purchases or sales; and (ii) any natural person in a Control relationship to the Company or the Adviser who obtains information concerning recommendations made to the Company with regard to the purchase or sale of any Covered Security by the Company. (C) Automatic Investment Plan means a program in which regular periodic purchases or (withdrawals) are made automatically in (or from) investment accounts in accordance with a predetermined schedule and allocation. Specifically, an Automatic Investment Plan includes the Company s dividend reinvestment plan. (D) Beneficial Ownership is interpreted in the same manner as it would be under Rule 16a- 1(a)(2) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 1934 Act in determining whether a person is a beneficial owner of a security for purposes of Section 16 of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. Rule 16a-1(a)(2) provides that the term beneficial owner means any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise, has or shares a direct or indirect pecuniary interest in any equity security. Therefore, an Access Person may be deemed to have Beneficial Ownership of securities held by members of his or her immediate family sharing the same household, or by certain partnerships, trusts, corporations, or other arrangements. (E) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. (F) Chief Compliance Officer means the Chief Compliance Officer of the Company and the Adviser. (G) Control shall have the same meaning as that set forth in Section 2(a)(9) of the 1940 Act. (H) Covered Security means a security as defined in Section 2(a)(36) of the 1940 Act, to wit: any note, stock, treasury stock, security future, bond, debenture, evidence of indebtedness, certificate of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement, collateral-trust certificate, preorganization certificate or subscription, transferable share, investment contract, voting-trust certificate, certificate of deposit for a security, fractional undivided interest in oil, gas, or other mineral rights, any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege on any security (including a certificate of deposit) or on any group or index of securities (including any interest therein or based on the value thereof), or any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege entered into on a national securities exchange relating to foreign currency, or, in general, any interest or instrument commonly known as a security, or any certificate of interest or participation in, temporary or interim certificate for, receipt for, guarantee of, or warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase, any of the foregoing. Covered Security does not include: (i) direct obligations of the Government of the United States; (ii) bankers acceptances, bank certificates of deposit, commercial paper and high-quality short- term debt instruments, including repurchase agreements; and (iii) shares issued by open-end investment companies registered under the 1940 Act. References to a Covered Security in this Code (e.g., a prohibition or requirement applicable to the purchase or sale of a Covered Security) shall be deemed to refer to and to include any warrant for, option in, or security immediately convertible into that Covered Security, and shall also include any instrument that has an investment return or value that is based, in whole or in part, on that Covered Security (collectively, Derivatives ). Therefore, except as otherwise specifically provided by this Code: (i) any prohibition or requirement of this Code applicable to the purchase or sale of a Covered Security shall also be applicable to the purchase or sale of a Derivative relating to that Covered Security; and (ii) any prohibition or requirement of this Code applicable to the purchase or sale of a Derivative shall also be applicable to the purchase or sale of a Covered Security relating to that Derivative. (I) Independent Director means a director of the Company Director who is not an interested person of the Company within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. (J) Initial Public Offering means an offering of securities registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (the 1933 Act ), the issuer of which, immediately before the registration, was not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act. (K) Investment Personnel of the Company or the Adviser means: (i) any employee of the Company or the Adviser (or of any company in a Control relationship to the Adviser) who, in connection with his or her regular functions or duties, makes or participates in making recommendations regarding the purchase or sale of securities by the Company; and (ii) any natural person who controls the Company or the Adviser and who obtains information concerning recommendations made to the Company regarding the purchase or sale of securities by the Company. (L) Limited Offering means an offering that is exempt from registration under the 1933 Act pursuant to Section 4(2) or Section 4(6) thereof or pursuant to Rule 504, Rule 505, or Rule 506 thereunder. (M) Restricted List Security means any Covered Security that meets the definition of Security Held or to be Acquired. (N) Security Held or to be Acquired by the Company means: (i) any Covered Security which, within the most recent 15 days: (A) is or has been held by the Company; or (B) is being or has been considered by the Company or the Adviser for purchase by the Company; and (ii) any option to purchase or sell, and any security convertible into or exchangeable for, a Covered Security described in this Section II (N)(i). (O) 17j-1 Organization means the Company or the Adviser, as the context requires. SECTION III: OBJECTIVE AND GENERAL PROHIBITIONS Access Persons may not engage in any investment transaction under circumstances in which the Access Person benefits from or interferes with the purchase or sale of investments by the Company. In addition, Access Persons may not use information concerning the investments or investment intentions of the Company, or their ability to influence such investment intentions, for personal gain or in a manner detrimental to the interests of the Company. Access Persons may not engage in conduct that is deceitful, fraudulent or manipulative, or that involves false or misleading statements, in connection with the purchase or sale of investments by the Company. In this regard, Access Persons should recognize that Rule 17j-1 makes it unlawful for any affiliated person of the Company, or any affiliated person of the Adviser, in connection with the purchase or sale, directly or indirectly, by the person of a Security Held or to be Acquired by the Company to: (i) employ any device, scheme or artifice to defraud the Company; (ii) make any untrue statement of a material fact to the Company or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made to the Company, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading; (iii) engage in any act, practice or course of business that operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon the Company; or (iv) engage in any manipulative practice with respect to the Company. Access Persons should also recognize that a violation of this Code or of Rule 17j-1 may result in the imposition of: (1) sanctions as provided by Section VIII below; or (2) administrative, civil and, in certain cases, criminal fines, sanctions or penalties. Subject to the general provisions contained in this Code, and in particular Section IV below, an Access Person may purchase or otherwise acquire direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership of a Covered Security, and may sell or otherwise dispose of a Covered Security in which he or she has direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership, so long as such Covered Security is not a Restricted List Security, and so long as he or she does not know, or should not have known, at the time of entering into the transaction that: (1) the Company has purchased or sold the Covered Security within the last 15 calendar days, or is purchasing or selling or intends to purchase or sell the Covered Security in the next 15 calendar days; or (2) the Adviser has within the last 15 calendar days considered purchasing or selling the Covered Security for the Company or within the next 15 calendar days intend to consider purchasing or selling the Covered Security for the Company. SECTION IV: PROHIBITED TRANSACTIONS (a) An Access Person may not purchase or otherwise acquire direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership of any Restricted List Security and may not sell or otherwise dispose of any Restricted List Security in which he or she has direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership. (b) Investment Personnel of the Company or the Adviser must obtain pre-approval from the Company or the Adviser, as the case may be, before directly or indirectly acquiring Beneficial Ownership in any securities in an Initial Public Offering or in a Limited Offering. Such approval must be obtained from the Chief Compliance Officer, unless he is the person seeking such approval, in which case it must be obtained from the Chief Executive Officer of the 17j-1 Organization by completing a Pre-Clearance Requests form on ComplySci. (c) No Access Person shall recommend any transaction in any Covered Securities by the Company without having disclosed to the Chief Compliance Officer his or her interest, if any, in such Covered Securities or the issuer thereof, including: the Access Person s Beneficial Ownership of any Covered Securities of such issuer; any contemplated transaction by the Access Person in such Covered Securities; any position the Access Person has with such issuer; and any present or proposed business relationship between such issuer and the Access Person (or a party in which the Access Person has a significant interest). 

SECTION V: PROCEDURES TO IMPLEMENT CODE OF ETHICS The following reporting procedures have been established to assist Access Persons in avoiding a violation of this Code, and to assist the Company in preventing, detecting, and imposing sanctions for violations of this Code. Every Access Person must follow these procedures. Questions regarding these procedures should be directed to the Chief Compliance Officer. (A) Applicability All Access Persons are subject to the reporting requirements set forth in Section V(B) below, except: (i) an Access Person need not make any report with respect to transactions effected for, and Covered Securities held in, any account over which the Access Person has no direct or indirect influence or Control; (ii) an Independent Director, who would be required to make a report solely by reason of being a Director, need not make: (1) an Initial Holdings Report or an Annual Holdings Report, under any circumstance; and (2) a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report, unless the Independent Director knew or, in the ordinary course of fulfilling his or her official duties as a Director, should have known that during the 15-day period immediately before or after such Independent Director s transaction in a Covered Security, the Company purchased or sold the Covered Security, or the Company or the Adviser considered purchasing or selling, or recommending the purchase or sale of, the Covered Security; (iii) an Access Person need not make a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report (as set forth in subsection (B)(2) of this Section V below) if the report would duplicate information contained in broker trade confirmations or account statements received by the Company or the Adviser with respect to the Access Person in the time required by subsection (B)(2) of this Section V, if all of the information required by subsection (B)(2) of this Section V is contained in the broker trade confirmations or account statements, or in the records of the Company or the Adviser, as specified in subsection (B)(4) of this Section V; (iv) an Access Person of the Adviser need not make any report if all of the information in such report would duplicate information required to be recorded pursuant to Rules 204-2(a)(12) or (13) under Advisers Act; or (v) an Access Person need not make a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report (as set forth in subsection (B)(2) of this Section V) with respect to transactions effected pursuant to an Automatic Investment Plan. (B) Reporting Requirements (1) Initial Holdings Report An Access Person must file an Initial Holdings Report no later than 10 days after that person became an Access Person by completing the Initial Holdings form on ComplySci. The information in the Initial Holdings Report must be current as of a date no more than 45 days prior to the date the person becomes an Access Person. The Initial Holdings Report shall be submitted on ComplySci, or such other form approved by the Chief Compliance Officer, and must: (i) contain the title, type, exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, number of shares and principal amount of each Covered Security in which the Access Person had any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership when the person became an Access Person; (ii) identify any broker, dealer or bank with whom the Access Person maintained an account in which any Covered Securities were held for the direct or indirect benefit of the Access Person as of the date the person became an Access Person; and (iii) indicate the date that the report is filed with the Designated Person. (2) Quarterly Transaction Reports No later than 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, each Access Person shall, as set forth below, make a written report to the Chief Compliance Officer with respect to (1) any transaction during the quarter in a Covered Security in which he or she had any Beneficial Ownership; and (2) any account established by the Access Person in which any securities were held during the quarter for the direct or indirect benefit of the Access Person. A Quarterly Securities Transaction Report shall be submitted through ComplySci, or such other form approved by the Chief Compliance Officer. (a) With respect to any transaction made during the reporting quarter in a Covered Security in which such Access Person had any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership, the Quarterly Securities Transaction Report must contain: (i) the transaction date, title, exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, interest date and maturity date (if applicable), the number of shares and the principal amount of each Covered Security; (ii) the nature of the transaction (i.e., purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or disposition); (iii) the price of the Covered Security at which the transaction was effected; (iv) the name of the broker, dealer or bank through which the transaction was effected; and (v) the date that the report is submitted by the Access Person. (b) With respect to any account established by the Access Person in which any securities were held during the quarter for the direct or indirect benefit of the Access Person, the Quarterly Securities Transaction Report must contain: (i) the name of the broker, dealer or bank with whom the Access Person established the account; (ii) the date the account was established; and (iii) the date that the report is submitted by the Access Person. (3) Annual Holdings Report An Access Person must file an Annual Holdings Report no later than 30 days after the end of a calendar year. The Annual Holdings Report shall be submitted through ComplySci, or such other form approved by the Chief Compliance Officer. The Annual Holdings Report must contain the following information (which information must be current as of a date no more than 45 days before the report is submitted): (i) the title, type, exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, number of shares, and principal amount of each Covered Security in which the Access Person had any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership; (ii) the name of any broker, dealer or bank in which any Covered Securities are held for the direct or indirect benefit of the Access Person; and (iii) the date the Annual Holdings Report is submitted. (4) Brokerage Account Statements All brokerage accounts must be linked to ComplySci. However, with prior approval form the Chief Compliance Office, and on a case by case basis, in lieu of providing a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report, an Access Person may direct his or her broker, dealer or bank to provide to the Chief Compliance Officer copies of periodic statements for all investment accounts in which they have Beneficial Ownership that provide the information required in a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report, as set forth in subsection (B)(2) of this Section V. Such statements from an Access Person s broker must be received by the Chief Compliance Officer no later than 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter. (C) Responsibility to Report It is the responsibility of each Access Person to take the initiative to comply with the requirements of Section V of the Code. Any effort by the Company, or by the Adviser and its affiliates, to facilitate the reporting process does not change or alter that responsibility. (D) Where to File Reports All Initial Holdings Reports, Quarterly Securities Transaction Reports, Annual Holdings Reports and statements from an Access Person s broker must be linked and filed through an electronic filing on ComplySci unless a written to the electronic statement requirement has been granted by Compliance. (E) Disclaimer of Beneficial Ownership Any report required under Section V of the Code may contain a statement that the report shall not be construed as an admission by the person submitting such duplicate confirmation or account statement or making such report that he or she has any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership in the Covered Security to which the report relates. SECTION VI: ADDITIONAL PROHIBITIONS (A) Confidentiality of the Company s Transactions Until disclosed in a public report to shareholders or to the Securities and Exchange Commission in the normal course, all information concerning the securities being considered for purchase or sale by the Company shall be kept confidential by all Access Persons and disclosed by them only on a need to know basis. It shall be the responsibility of the Chief Compliance Officer to report any inadequacy found in this regard to the directors of the Company. (B) Outside Business Activities and Directorships Access Persons may not engage in any outside business activities that may give rise to conflicts of interest or jeopardize the integrity or reputation of the Company. Similarly, no such outside business activities may be inconsistent with the interests of the Company. All directorships of public or private companies held by Access Persons shall be reported to Compliance. (C) Gratuities Company Personnel shall not, directly or indirectly, take, accept or receive gifts or other consideration in merchandise, services or otherwise of more than nominal value from any person, firm, company, association or other entity other than such person s employer that does business, or proposes to do business, with the Company. SECTION VII: ANNUAL CERTIFICATION (A) Access Persons 

Access Persons who are directors, managers, officers or employees of the Company or the Adviser shall be required to certify annually that they have read this Code and that they understand it and recognize that they are subject to it. Further, such Access Persons shall be required to certify annually through an electronic filing that they have complied with the requirements of this Code (B) Board Review No less frequently than annually, the Company and the Adviser must furnish to the Board, and the Board must consider, a written report that: (i) describes any issues arising under the Code or procedures since the last report to the Board, including, but not limited to, information about material violations of the Code or procedures and sanctions imposed in response to material violations; and (ii) certifies that the Company or the Adviser, as applicable, has adopted procedures reasonably necessary to prevent Access Persons from violating the Code. SECTION VIII: SANCTIONS Any violation of this Code shall be subject to the imposition of such sanctions by the 17j- 1 Organization as may be deemed appropriate under the circumstances to achieve the purposes of Rule 17j-1 and this Code. The sanctions to be imposed shall be determined by the Board, including a majority of the Independent Directors, provided, however, that with respect to violations by persons who are directors, managers, officers or employees of the Adviser (or of a company that Controls the Adviser), the sanctions to be imposed shall be determined by the Adviser (or a person that Controls the Adviser). Sanctions may include, but are not limited to, suspension or termination of employment, a letter of censure and/or restitution of an amount equal to the difference between the price paid or received by the Company and the more advantageous price paid or received by the offending person. SECTION IX: ADMINISTRATION AND CONSTRUCTION (A) Administration of the Code The administration of this Code shall be the responsibility of the Chief Compliance Officer. (B) Duties of the Chief Compliance Officer The duties of the Chief Compliance Officer are as follows: (1) continuous maintenance of a current list of the names of all Access Persons with an appropriate description of their title or employment, including a notation of any directorships held by Access Persons who are officers or employees of the Adviser or of any company that Controls the Adviser, and informing all Access Persons of their reporting obligations hereunder; (2) on an annual basis, providing all Access Persons a copy of this Code and informing such persons of their duties and obligations hereunder including any supplemental training that may be required from time to time; (3) maintaining or supervising the maintenance of all records and reports required by this Code; (4) preparing listings of all transactions effected by Access Persons who are subject to the requirement to file Quarterly Securities Transaction Reports and reviewing such transactions against a listing of all transactions effected by the Company; (5) issuance either personally or with the assistance of counsel as may be appropriate, of any interpretation of this Code that may appear consistent with the objectives of Rule 17j-1 and this Code; (6) conduct such inspections or investigations as shall reasonably be required to detect and report, with recommendations, any apparent violations of this Code to the Board; (7) submission of a written report to the Board, for each of the Company and the Adviser, as set forth in Section VII (B) above. (C) Records The Chief Compliance Officer shall maintain and cause to be maintained in an easily accessible place at the principal place of business of the 17j-1 Organization, the following records: (1) a copy of all codes of ethics adopted by the Company or the Adviser, and its affiliates, as the case may be, pursuant to Rule 17j-1 of the 1940 Act that have been in effect at any time during the past five (5) years; (2) a record of each violation of such codes of ethics and of any action taken as a result of such violation for at least five (5) years after the end of the fiscal year in which the violation occurs; (3) a copy of each report made by an Access Person for at least two (2) years after the end of the fiscal year in which the report is made, and for an additional three (3) years in a place that need not be easily accessible; (4) a copy of each report made by the Chief Compliance Officer to the Board for two (2) years from the end of the fiscal year of the Company in which such report is made or issued and for an additional three (3) years in a place that need not be easily accessible; (5) a list of all persons who are, or within the past five (5) years have been, required to make reports pursuant to the Rule and this Code of Ethics, or who are or were responsible for reviewing such reports; (6) a copy of each report required by Section VII (B) above for at least two (2) years after the end of the fiscal year in which it is made, and for an additional three (3) years in a place that need not be easily accessible; and (7) a record of any decision, and the reasons supporting the decision, to approve the acquisition by Investment Personnel of securities in an Initial Public Offering or Limited Offering for at least five (5) years after the end of the fiscal year in which the approval is granted. (D) Amendment of the Code This Code may not be amended or modified except in a written form that is specifically approved by majority vote of the Independent Directors. CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS INTRODUCTION Ethics are important to the Funds and their Board. The Funds are committed to the highest ethical standards and to conducting their business with the highest level of integrity. All officers, directors and employees of the Funds are responsible for maintaining this level of integrity and for complying with the policies contained in this code of business conduct and ethics (the Funds Code ). For purposes of the Funds Code, Employees mean employees of New Mountain Capital, L.L.C. who spend some or all of their time assisting in the efforts of the Administrator or the Adviser with respect to the Funds operations and any employees of the Funds or its subsidiaries. This Code is adopted pursuant to Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Act ), and applicable NASDAQ rules to encourage the Funds officers, directors and employees (collectively, Personnel to act in a manner consistent with the Act and the NASDAQ rules and in furtherance of the highest principles of ethical conduct. A copy of the Funds Code will be posted on the Fund s corporate website, if applicable. PURPOSES OF THE CODE The purposes of the Funds Code are: to promote honest and ethical conduct by the Funds Personnel, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; to assist the Funds Personnel in recognizing and avoiding conflicts of interest, including disclosure to an appropriate person of any material transaction or relationship that reasonably could be expected to give rise to such a conflict; to promote full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Funds file with, or submit to, the SEC or the NASDAQ, and in other public communications made by the Funds; to promote compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations; to encourage prompt internal reporting to an appropriate person of violations of the Funds Code; and to establish accountability for adherence to the Funds Code. QUESTIONS ABOUT THE CODE The Funds CCO designated to oversee compliance with the Code of Ethics and Personal Trading Policy that was adopted by New Mountain shall serve as compliance officer for the implementation and administration of the Funds Code. Questions about the Funds Code should be directed to the CCO. 

CONDUCT GUIDELINES The Funds have adopted the following guidelines under which the Funds Personnel must perform their official duties and conduct the business affairs of the Funds. Ethical and Honest Conduct The Funds Personnel must act with honesty and integrity to avoid violations of the Funds Code and promote ethical behavior in the work environment. Conflicts of Interest The Funds will be externally managed and advised by the Adviser. Certain of the Funds Personnel also serve as officers of the Adviser. The Adviser, either directly or through its affiliates, furnishes advisory services to clients, in addition to the Funds. The Adviser has adopted policies and procedures that address, among other things, the allocation of investment opportunities, execution of portfolio transactions, personal trading by employees and other potential conflicts of interest, which policies and procedures are designed to ensure that all client accounts, including the Funds, are treated equitably over time. The Funds Personnel must avoid any conflict, or the appearance of a conflict, between personal interests and the Fund s interests. A conflict exists when personal interests in any way interfere with the Fund s interests, or when an employee takes any action or have any interest that may make it difficult for them to perform their job objectively and effectively. For example, a conflict of interest probably exists if: Personnel causes the Funds or the Adviser to enter into business relationships with themselves or member of their family, or invest in companies affiliated with themselves or a member of their family; Personnel uses any nonpublic information about the Funds or the Adviser, their customers or their other business partners for the Personnel s personal gain, or the gain of a member of their family; or Personnel uses or communicates confidential information obtained in the course of their work for their or another s personal benefit. Pursuant to the Funds Code, the Funds Personnel must disclose to the CCO all actual or apparent conflicts of interest that the Funds Personnel may have with the Funds that could reasonably be expected to give rise to a violation of the Funds Code. If it is impractical to disclose the matter to the CCO, it should be disclosed to the Funds CEO, Chairman or another member of the Board. If the Funds Personnel are unsure of whether a particular fact pattern gives rise to a conflict of interest or whether a particular transaction or relationship is material, the matter should be brought to the attention of the CCO. Internal Controls and Disclosure of Information The Funds Personnel must at all times endeavor to ensure full, fair, timely, accurate, and understandable disclosure in the reports that the Funds file with the SEC. To that end, the Funds Personnel must provide information to the Funds service providers (Adviser, administrator, outside auditor, outside counsel, custodian, principal underwriter, etc.) that is accurate, complete, objective, relevant, timely and comprehensible. Further, the Funds Personnel must report to the CCO any untrue statement of material fact and any omission of material fact that affect the disclosures made by the Funds in their periodic reports, and must report any information concerning (a) significant deficiencies in the design or operation of disclosure and internal controls which could adversely affect the Funds ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial data, or (b) any fraud, material or not, that involves the Funds internal controls. Compliance with Laws The Funds Personnel must comply with all state and federal securities laws, and other laws and rules applicable to the Funds, such as the Internal Revenue Code. New Mountain has a separate insider trading policy with which the Fund s Personnel must comply. Confidentiality of Information The Funds Personnel must respect and protect the confidentiality of information acquired in the course of their professional duties, except when authorized by the Funds to disclose such information or where disclosure is otherwise legally mandated. Confidential information acquired in the course of work may not be used by the Funds Personnel for personal advantage. Standards for Recordkeeping The Funds Personnel must at all times endeavor to ensure that the Funds financial books and records are thoroughly and accurately maintained to the best of their knowledge in a manner consistent with applicable laws and the Funds Code. Corporate Opportunities All Personnel have a duty to advance the legitimate interests of the Funds when the opportunity to do so presents itself. Therefore, they may not: take personally opportunities, including investment opportunities, discovered through the use of their position with the Funds or through the use of any of the Funds property or information; use any Funds property, information, or position for personal gain or the gain of a family member; or compete, or prepare to compete, with the Funds. Fair Dealing All Personnel have a duty to deal fairly with the Funds clients, suppliers, business partners, or any other companies or individuals with whom the Funds do business or come into contact with, including fellow directors, officers, and employees of affiliated entities and competitors. Personnel may not take advantage of these or any other parties by means of: manipulation; concealment; abuse of privileged information; misrepresentation of material facts; or any other unfair-dealing practice. Protection and Proper Use of Funds Assets The Funds assets are to be used only for legitimate business purposes. You should protect our assets and ensure that they are used efficiently. Incidental personal use of telephones, fax machines, copy machines, personal computers, and similar equipment is generally allowed if there is no significant added cost to us, it does not interfere with your work duties, and it is not related to an illegal activity or any outside business. WAIVERS OF THIS CODE Any amendment or waiver of the Funds Code for an executive officer or member of the Board of the Funds must be made by their respective Board and disclosed within four (4) business days following such amendment or waiver by distributing a press release, providing website disclosure, or by filing a current report on Form 8-K with the SEC. All other Personnel may request a waiver of a provision of the Funds Code by submitting a request in writing to the CCO for review. An executive officer of the Funds, or another appropriate person (such as a designated Board or Audit Committee member), will decide whether to grant a waiver and such decision, when subject to the Exchange Act, must be disclosed. A log of all waivers to the Funds Code made pursuant to this section shall be maintained by the CCO. AFFIRMATION OF THE CODE Upon adoption of the Funds Code, the Funds Personnel must certify via a certification form that will be disseminated and recorded through the ComplySci system, that they have received the Funds Code, and annually thereafter must affirm that they have complied with the requirements of the Funds Code. To the extent necessary, the CCO will provide guidance on the conduct required by the Funds Code and the manner in which violations or suspected violations must be reported and waivers must be requested. REPORTING VIOLATIONS In the event that the Funds Personnel discover or, in good faith, suspect a violation of the Funds Code, the Funds Personnel is obligated to immediately report the suspected violation to the CCO. The Funds Personnel who report violations or suspected violations in good faith will not be subject to retaliation of any kind. Reported violations will be investigated and addressed promptly and will be treated as confidential to the extent possible. The CCO or a designee shall maintain a log of suspected violations and the results of any investigations resulting therefrom. VIOLATIONS OF THE CODE Dishonest or unethical conduct, or conduct that is illegal, constitutes a violation of this Code. A violation of the Funds Code may result in disciplinary action, including termination of employment and/or removal as an officer of the Funds and/or referral to appropriate regulatory authorities. 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-19.1>
 5
 appendixh-statementofpol.htm
 EX-19.1

appendixh-statementofpol 

242 Appendix H Statement of Policy on Insider Trading 243 STATEMENT OF POLICY ON INSIDER TRADING Introduction It is illegal for any person, either personally or on behalf of others, to trade in securities on the basis of material, non-public information. It is also illegal to communicate (or tip material, non-public information to others who may trade in securities on the basis of that information. These illegal activities are commonly referred to as insider trading. Employees should be aware that in addition to policy of each of the Companies (as defined in the Rule 38a-1 Compliance Manual, and individually or interchangeably the Company (and any company controlled by the Company) against insider trading, all employees, not just directors, officers and managerial personnel, could be held liable, both civilly and criminally, for trading on or disclosing to third parties material non-public information concerning the Company. Potential penalties for insider trading violations include imprisonment for up to 10 years, civil fines of up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided by the trading, and criminal fines of up to 1 million. In addition, a company whose director, officer or employee violates the insider trading prohibitions may be liable for a civil fine of up to the greater of 1 million or three times the profit gained or loss avoided as a result of the director, officer or employee s insider trading violations. Moreover, a director, officer or employee s failure to comply with the Company s insider trading policy may subject such person to sanctions imposed by the Company, including dismissal for cause, whether or not such person s failure to comply with this policy results in a violation of law. This memorandum sets forth the Company s policy against insider trading. The objective of this policy is to protect both you and the Company from securities law violations, or even the appearance thereof. All directors, officers and employees (including temporary employees) of the Company and its investment adviser, New Mountain Finance Advisers BDC, L.L.C. (the investment adviser must comply with this policy. You are encouraged to ask questions and seek any follow-up information that you may require with respect to the matters set forth in this policy. Please direct your questions to the Company s Chief Compliance Officer. Statement of Policy It is the policy of the Company that no director, officer or employee (including a temporary employee) of the Company or the investment adviser who is aware of material nonpublic information relating to the Company or the investment adviser may, directly or through family members or other persons or entities, (a) buy or sell securities of the Company (other than pursuant to a pre-approved trading plan that complies with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), or engage in any other action to take personal advantage of that information, or (b) pass that information on to others outside of the Company, including family and friends. 244 In addition, it is the policy of the Company that no director, officer or employee (including a temporary employee) of the Company or the investment adviser who, in the course of working for the Company, learns of material nonpublic information about a company with which the Company does business, including a customer or supplier of the Company, may trade in that company s securities until the information becomes public or is no longer material. Transactions that may be necessary or justifiable for independent reasons (such as the need to raise money for an emergency expenditure) are not excepted from the policy. The securities laws do not recognize such mitigating circumstances, and, in any event, even the appearance of an improper transaction must be avoided to preserve the Company s reputation for adhering to the highest standards of conduct. What information is material? All information that an investor might consider important in deciding whether to buy, sell, or hold securities is considered material. Information that is likely to affect the price of a company s securities is almost always material. Examples of some types of material information are: financial results or expectations for the quarter or the year; financial forecasts; changes in dividends; possible mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures and other purchases and sales of companies and investments in companies; changes in customer relationships with significant customers; obtaining or losing important contracts; important product developments; major financing developments; major personnel changes; and major litigation developments. What is non-public information? Information is considered to be non-public unless it has been effectively disclosed to the public. Examples of public disclosure include public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and company press releases. Not only must the information have been publicly disclosed, but there must also have been adequate time for the market as a whole to digest the information. What transactions are prohibited? When you know material, non-public information about the Company, you, your spouse and members of your immediate family living in your household are prohibited from the following activities: trading in the Company s securities (including trading in puts and calls for the Company s securities); having others trade for you in the Company s securities; and disclosing the information to anyone else who might then trade. 245 Neither you nor anyone acting on your behalf nor anyone who learns the information from you (including your spouse and family members) can trade. This prohibition continues whenever and for as long as you know material, non-public information. Although it is most likely that any material, non-public information you might learn would be about the Company or its subsidiaries, these prohibitions also apply to trading in the securities of any company including any portfolio company or potential merger partner about which you have material, non-public information. Transactions by Family Members. As noted above, the Company s insider trading policy applies to your family members who reside with you, anyone else who lives in your household, and any family members who do not live in your household but whose transactions in the Company s securities are directed by you or are subject to your influence or control (such as parents or children who consult with you before they trade in the Company s securities). You are responsible for the transactions of these other persons and therefore should make them aware of the need to confer with you before they trade in the Company s securities. What is a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan? Notwithstanding the prohibition against insider trading, Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and this policy permit directors, officers and employees to trade in the Company s securities regardless of their awareness of inside information if the transaction is made pursuant to a pre-arranged trading plan that was entered into when the director, officer or employee was not in possession of material nonpublic information. This policy requires trading plans to be written and to specify the amount of, date on, and price at which the securities are to be traded or establish a formula for determining such items. Trading plans may not be adopted when the director, officer or employee is in possession of material nonpublic information about the Company. A director, officer or employee may amend or replace his or her trading plan only during periods when trading is permitted in accordance with this policy. In December 2022, the SEC adopted amendments to Rule 10b5-1, which went into effect February 27, 2023. The amended Rule includes, among other changes, (1) implementation of a cooling-off period for trading under 10b5-1 plans; (2) required certifications about knowledge of material, non-public information and good faith; (3) changes to how 10b5-1 Plans may be used; and (4) new disclosure requirements for registrants and individuals. A cooling-off period is an established amount of time between the adoption of a 10b5-1 Plan and when trading can begin. Pursuant to the amended Rule 10b5-1, the cooling-off period for officers and directors of the Company will be either 90 days following adoption or modification of a 10b5-1 Plan or two business days following the disclosure of the Company s financial results in a Form 10-Q or Form 10-K for the fiscal quarter in which the 10b5-1 Plan was adopted, whichever is later (resulting in a mandatory cooling-off period of 90 to 120 days). For persons other than officers and directors of the Company, the cooling-off period is 30 days following adoption or modification of a 10b5-1 Plan. Further, pursuant to the amended Rule 10b5-1, officers and directors must certify at the time they enter into or modify a 10b5-1 plan that (1) they are not aware of material nonpublic information about the issuer or its securities; and (2) they are adopting the contract, instruction, or plan in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b-5. Two separate 10b5-1 trading plans for one person may exist at the same time if trading under the 

246 later-commencing plan is not authorized to begin until after all trades under the earlier- commencing plan are completed or expire without execution. A director, officer or employee who wishes to enter into a trading plan must submit the trading plan to the Chief Compliance Officer for its approval prior to the adoption or amendment of the trading plan. Trades executed under Rule 10b5-1 trading plans must be timely disclosed on Forms 4 and 5. Transactions Under Company Dividend Reinvestment Plan Dividend Reinvestment Plan. The Company s insider trading policy does not apply to purchases of the Company s securities under the Company s dividend reinvestment plan resulting from your reinvestment of dividends paid on the Company s securities. The policy does apply, however, to voluntary purchases of the Company s securities resulting from your election to participate in the plan or your increase in the level of participation in the plan. The policy also applies to your sale of any securities of the Company purchased pursuant to the plan. Additional Prohibited Transactions The Company considers it improper and inappropriate for any director, officer or other employee of the Company to engage in short-term or speculative transactions in the Company s securities. It therefore is the Company s policy that directors, officers and other employees may not engage in any of the following transactions: Short-Term Trading. An employee s short-term trading of the Company s securities may be distracting to the employee and may unduly focus the employee on the Company s short-term stock market performance instead of the Company s long-term business objectives. For these reasons, any director, officer or other employee of the Company who purchases the Company s securities in the open market may not sell any of the Company s securities of the same class during the six months following the purchase. Short Sales. Short sales of the Company s securities evidence an expectation on the part of the seller that the securities will decline in value, and therefore signal to the market that the seller has no confidence in the Company or its short-term prospects. In addition, short sales may reduce the seller s incentive to improve the Company s performance. For these reasons, short sales of the Company s securities are prohibited by this insider trading policy. In addition, Section 16(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 prohibits officers and directors from engaging in short sales. Publicly Traded Options. A transaction in options is, in effect, a bet on the short-term movement of the Company s stock and therefore creates the appearance that the director, officer or employee is trading based on inside information. Transactions in options also may focus the director, officer or employee s attention on short-term performance at the expense of the Company s long-term objectives. Accordingly, transactions in puts, calls or other derivative securities, on an exchange or in any other organized market, are prohibited by this policy. (Option positions arising from certain types of hedging transactions are governed by the section below captioned Hedging Transactions. 247 Hedging Transactions. Certain forms of hedging or monetization transactions, such as zero-cost collars and forward sale contracts, allow a director, officer or employee to lock in much of the value of his or her stock holdings, often in exchange for all or part of the potential for upside appreciation in the stock. These transactions allow the director, officer or employee to continue to own the covered securities, but without the full risks and rewards of ownership. When that occurs, the director, officer or employee may no longer have the same objectives as the Company s other shareholders. Therefore, the Company strongly discourages you from engaging in such transactions. Any person wishing to enter into such an arrangement must first pre-clear the proposed transaction with the Chief Compliance Officer. Any request for pre-clearance of a hedging or similar arrangement must be submitted to the Chief Compliance Officer at least two weeks prior to the proposed execution of documents evidencing the proposed transaction and must set forth a justification for the proposed transaction. Margin Accounts and Pledges. Securities held in a margin account may be sold by the broker without the customer s consent if the customer fails to meet a margin call. Similarly, securities pledged (or hypothecated) as collateral for a loan may be sold in foreclosure if the borrower defaults on the loan. Because a margin sale or foreclosure sale may occur at a time when the pledgor is aware of material nonpublic information or otherwise is not permitted to trade in the Company s securities, directors, officers and employees are prohibited from holding the Company s securities in a margin account or pledging the Company s securities as collateral for a loan. An exception to this prohibition may be granted where a person wishes to pledge the Company s securities as collateral for a loan (not including margin debt) and clearly demonstrates the financial capacity to repay the loan without resort to the pledged securities. Any person who wishes to pledge the Company s securities as collateral for a loan must submit a request for approval to the Chief Compliance Officer at least two weeks prior to the proposed execution of documents evidencing the proposed pledge. Post-Termination Transactions The policy continues to apply to your transactions in the Company s securities even after you have terminated employment. If you are in possession of material nonpublic information when your employment terminates, you may not trade in the Company s securities until that information has become public or is no longer material. Unauthorized Disclosure As discussed above, the disclosure of material, non-public information to others can lead to significant legal difficulties. Therefore, you should not discuss material, non-public information about the Company with anyone, including other employees, except as required in the performance of your regular duties. Also, it is important that only specifically designated representatives of the Company discuss the Company with the news media, securities analysts, and investors. Inquiries of this type received by any employee should be referred to the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Compliance Officer or Chief Financial Officer. 248 Pre-Clearance Procedures To help prevent inadvertent violations of the federal securities laws and to avoid even the appearance of trading on inside information, directors and executive officers of the Company and any other persons designated by the Chief Compliance Officer as being subject to the Company s pre-clearance procedures, together with their family members, may not engage in any transaction involving the Company s securities (including a stock plan transaction such as a gift, loan or pledge or hedge, contribution to a trust, or any other transfer) without first obtaining pre-clearance of the transaction from the Chief Compliance Officer. A request for pre-clearance should be submitted to the Chief Compliance Officer at least two days in advance of the proposed transaction. The Chief Compliance Officer is under no obligation to approve a trade submitted for pre-clearance and may determine not to permit the trade. Any person subject to the pre-clearance requirements who wishes to implement a trading plan under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 must first pre-clear the plan with the Chief Compliance Officer. As required by Rule 10b5-1, you may enter into a trading plan only when you are not in possession of material nonpublic information. In addition, you may not enter into a trading plan during a blackout period. Transactions effected pursuant to a pre-cleared trading plan will not require further pre-clearance at the time of the transaction if the plan specifies the dates, prices and amounts of the contemplated trades, or establishes a formula for determining the dates, prices and amounts. Blackout Periods Quarterly Blackout Periods. The Company s announcement of its quarterly financial results almost always has the potential to have a material effect on the market for the Company s securities. Therefore, you can anticipate that, to avoid even the appearance of trading while aware of material nonpublic information, persons who are or may be expected to be aware of the Company s quarterly financial results generally will not be pre-cleared to trade in the Company s securities during the period beginning two weeks prior to the end of the Company s fiscal quarter and ending 48 hours following the Company s issuance of its quarterly or annual earnings release, analyst conference call or the filing of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Persons subject to these quarterly blackout periods include all directors and executive officers, all employees of the accounting department, and all other persons who are informed by the Chief Compliance Officer that they are subject to the quarterly blackout periods. To aid in your compliance with this policy, the Chief Compliance Officer will provide persons subject to these quarterly blackout periods with notice of the beginning and ending of such blackout period. Event-specific Blackout Periods. From time to time, an event may occur that is material to the Company and is known by only a few directors or executives. So long as the event remains material and nonpublic, directors, executive officers, and such other persons as are designated by the Chief Compliance Officer may not trade in the Company s securities. The existence of an event-specific blackout will not be announced, other than to those who are aware of the event giving rise to the blackout. If, however, a person whose trades are subject to pre-clearance requests permission to trade in the Company s securities during an event-specific blackout, the Chief 249 Compliance Officer will inform the requester of the existence of a blackout period, without disclosing the reason for the blackout. Any person made aware of the existence of an event- specific blackout should not disclose the existence of the blackout to any other person. The failure of the Chief Compliance Officer to designate a person as being subject to an event-specific blackout will not relieve that person of the obligation not to trade while aware of material nonpublic information. Hardship Exceptions. A person who is subject to a quarterly earnings blackout period and who has an unexpected and urgent need to sell the Company s stock in order to generate cash may, in appropriate circumstances, be permitted to sell such stock even during the blackout period. Hardship exceptions may be granted only by the Chief Compliance Officer and must be requested at least two days in advance of the proposed trade. A hardship exception may be granted only if the Chief Compliance Officer concludes that the Company s earnings information for the applicable quarter does not constitute material non-public information. Under no circumstance will a hardship exception be granted during an event-specific blackout period. Quiet Period. Subject to the Chief Compliance Officer s discretion, generally, two weeks prior to the quarter-end and continuing through the release of earnings for the current quarter, persons subject to this Compliance Manual will be restricted in the communications that they can have with shareholders. Reasonable inquiries regarding a Company s business that can be determined through public filings are not restricted from communications. However, any other inquiries should be reviewed by and approved for discussion by the Chief Compliance Officer during these quiet periods. Questions about this Policy Compliance by all directors, officers and employees with this policy is of the utmost importance both for you and for the Company. If you have any questions about the application of this policy to any particular case, please immediately contact the Chief Compliance Officer. Your failure to observe this policy could lead to significant legal problems, as well as other serious consequences, including termination of your employment. 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 nmg4income-12312023xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, John R. Kline, Chief Executive Officer of New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated this 5th day of March 2024 
 s JOHN R. KLINE John R. Kline 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 nmg4income-12312023xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Kris Corbett, Chief Financial Officer of New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated this 5th day of March 2024 
 s KRIS CORBETT Kris Corbett 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 nmg4income-12312023xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023 (the Report of New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (the Registrant ), as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, John R. Kline, the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 s JOHN R. KLINE Name John R. Kline Date March 5, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 nmg4income-12312023xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023 (the Report of New Mountain Guardian IV Income Fund, L.L.C. (the Registrant ), as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Kris Corbett, the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 s KRIS CORBETT Name Kris Corbett Date March 5, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 nmg4-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 nmg4-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 nmg4-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 nmg4-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 nmg4-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

