<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240326_10-K_edgar_data_1843714_0001193125-24-076744.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5849118</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>448287</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1138850</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1340328</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1464845</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1353003</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-24-076744.hdr.sgml : 20240326
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240325202557
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-24-076744
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240326
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240325

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Andretti Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001843714
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				981578373
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41218
		FILM NUMBER:		24780675

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7615 ZIONSVILLE RD
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46268
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312-872-2700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7615 ZIONSVILLE RD
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46268

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-24-076744.txt : 20240326

10-K
 1
 d68575d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended , 

 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from 
 to 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of

 incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

 Identification No.)

, 

 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class

Trading

 Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange

 on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
 Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). YES
 NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act.: 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by the check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 
 As of June 30, 2023, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
 of the registrant was . 
 As of December 31, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, and shares of Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 
 Auditor Firm ID: 
 Auditor Name: 
 Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

1 

PART I 

3 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

8 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

50 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

50 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

50 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

50 

PART II 

51 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

51 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 

52 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

52 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

60 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

60 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

60 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

60 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

61 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

61 

PART III 

62 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

62 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

73 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

73 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

76 

Item 14 . 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

78 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

79 

SIGNATURES 

83 

i 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report includes, and oral statements made from time to time by representatives of the Company may include, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited to, possible business combinations and the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. Introduction We are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. Our executive offices are located at 7615 Zionsville Road, Indianapolis, IN 46268 and our telephone number is (317) 872-2700. Our corporate website address is andrettiacquisition.com. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be access through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this Annual Report. You should not rely on such information in making your decision whether to invest in our securities. Company History On January 28, 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share. On March 2, 2021, the Sponsor transferred 30,000 founder shares to Cassandra S. Lee for the consideration of 104.35 (approximately 0.003 per share) and 25,000 founder shares to each of Zakary C. Brown, James W. Keyes, Gerald D. Putnam and John J. Romanelli, in each case for the consideration of 86.96 (approximately 0.003 per founder share), resulting in the sponsor holding 7,057,500 founder shares. On November 17, 2021, the sponsor surrendered an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares for no consideration, thereby reducing the aggregate number of founder shares held by the sponsor to 5,620,000 founder shares. Immediately prior to the IPO, the sponsor forfeited 1,430,923 founder shares in connection with the issuance of founder shares to SOL Verano Blocker 1 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a third party institutional accredited investor (the Sponsor Co-Investor ). The Company entered into agreements with the Sponsor Co-Investor, pursuant to which such Sponsor Co-Investor purchased (i) an aggregate of approximately 25 of the issued and outstanding, or 1,430,923 founder shares, and (ii) an aggregate of 3,450,000 Private Placement Warrants from the sponsor immediately prior to the closing of the IPO. The Sponsor Co-Investor entered into an agreement to vote all of the founder shares it owns in favor of an initial Business Combination and will also agree not to redeem any founder shares it owns in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Sponsor Co-Investor was not granted any material additional shareholder or other rights, other than the founder shares. On January 18, 2022, we completed our IPO of 23,000,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit (the units ), which included the full exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional units (the Over-Allotment Option in the amount of 3,000,000 units at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 230,000,000. Each unit consists of one of the Company s Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-half of one public warrant. Each whole public warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. Concurrently with the completion of the IPO, our sponsor and sponsor co-investor purchased an aggregate of 13,550,000 warrants (the private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, or 13,550,000 in the aggregate. An aggregate of 235,750,000 from the proceeds of the IPO and the private placement warrants was placed in a trust account (the trust account such that the trust account held 235,750,000 at the time of closing of the IPO. Each whole private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. On March 4, 2022, we announced that, commencing March 7, 2022, holders of the 23,000,000 units sold in the IPO may elect to separately trade the Class A ordinary shares and the warrants included in the units. Those units not separated continued to trade on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol WNNR.U and the Class A ordinary shares and warrants that were separated trade under the symbols WNNR and WNNR WS respectively. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

On July 6, 2023, the Company and the sponsor entered into non-redemption agreements (the Non-Redemption Agreements with unaffiliated third parties (the Investors ). Pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreements, the Investors agreed not to redeem an aggregate of 3.5 million Class A ordinary shares (the Non-Redeemed Shares in connection with the July 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting (as defined below). In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem the Non-Redeemed Shares, our sponsor has agreed to transfer to the Investors an aggregate of 875,000 Class B ordinary shares immediately following consummation of an initial business combination if the Investors held such Non-Redeemed Shares through the July 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting. On July 14, 2023, we held an extraordinary general meeting of our shareholders (the July 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting ). At the July 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting, our shareholders approved amendments to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (i) extend the date by which we must consummate an initial business combination from July 18, 2023 to April 18, 2024, or such later date as may be approved by shareholder vote, and (ii) eliminate the limitation that we not redeem Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units sold in the IPO to the extent that such redemption would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (the Redemption Limitation ). In connection with the July 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting, shareholders holding an aggregate of 15,105,199 Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem such shares prior to the redemption deadline on July 12, 2023. Following the withdrawals from the trust account in connection with such redemptions, approximately 85.13 million remained in the trust account as of September 30, 2023. Initial Business Combination On September 6, 2023, we entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as it may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement with Tigre Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub and Zapata Computing, Inc., a Delaware corporation Zapata ). Our shareholders approved the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby (the Business Combination and the change of the SPAC s jurisdiction of incorporation from the Cayman Islands to the State of Delaware by deregistering as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands and domesticating and continuing as a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Delaware at an extraordinary general meeting of stockholders held on February 13, 2024. Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination will be effected through the Business Combination of Merger Sub with and into Zapata, whereupon the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease and Zapata will become the surviving company (the Surviving Company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In connection with the Domestication, the Company will change its name from Andretti Acquisition Corp. to Zapata Computing Holdings Inc. This Annual Report does not reflect the consummation of the Business Combination which, as of the date hereof, has not yet occurred. Corporate Information We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30 or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. Certain Potential Conflicts of Interest Relating to Our Officers and Directors Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Members of our management team, including our officers and directors, will directly or indirectly own our securities following the IPO and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target company is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors, as well as our and our sponsor s management teams, may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers, directors and management team members was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to such business combination. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Each of our sponsor co-investor, directors, director nominees and officers, as well as those of our sponsor, presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such director, director nominee or officer is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our or our sponsor s director, director nominee or officer becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our sponsor, sponsor co-investor and their affiliates are engaged in a number of businesses that may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these businesses decide to pursue any such opportunity or have existing investments in such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. Neither our sponsor, sponsor co-investor or their affiliates nor, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, any member of our management team have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware. Our management team and our sponsor, sponsor co-investor and their affiliates may choose to present potential business combinations to the related entities described above, current or future business venture with which they are or may become involved, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us. Our sponsor, sponsor co-investor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, sponsor co-investor, officers and directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time or resources to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time and resources among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. Sponsor Indemnity Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below: (1) 10.25 per public share; or (2) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.25 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case, net of permitted withdrawals, except as to any claims by a third party that executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not any such waiver is enforceable) and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. We believe the likelihood of our sponsor having to indemnify the trust account is limited because we will endeavor to have all vendors and prospective target businesses as well as other entities execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Facilities We currently maintain our executive offices at 7615 Zionsville Road, Indianapolis, Indiana 46268. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 15,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Employees We currently have three officers and do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any such person will devote in any time period to our company will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information Our securities are registered under the Exchange Act and we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains such reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accounting firm. Legal Proceedings As of December 31, 2023, there was no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding in the 12 months ended December 31, 2023. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report, the prospectus associated with our IPO and the registration statement of which such prospectus forms a part before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Summary of Risk Factors Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks associated with: 

being a newly incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination, including risks arising from the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic; 

our public shareholders ability to exercise redemption rights; 

the requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the completion window; 

the possibility that NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange; 

being declared an investment company under the Investment Company Act; 

complying with changing laws and regulations; 

the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

the pool of prospective target businesses available to us and the ability of our officers and directors 

to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

the issuance of additional Class A ordinary shares in connection with a business combination that may dilute the interest of our shareholders; 

the incentives to our sponsor, officers and directors to complete a business combination to avoid losing their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our ability to amend the terms of warrants in a manner that may be adverse to the holders of public warrants; 
 8 

Table of Contents 

our ability to redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; and 

provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that may have the effect of inhibiting a takeover of us and discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Risks Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, an Initial Business Combination Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination and, even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Even if we seek shareholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the vote. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our initial shareholders will own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares. Our sponsor, our sponsor co-investor and each member of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 8,625,001, or 37.5 of the 23,000,000 public shares sold in the IPO to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Assuming that only one-third of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, representing a quorum under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, are voted, we will not need any public shares in addition to our founder shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have an initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor, our sponsor co-investor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, we will not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Unlike some other similar blank check companies, we will have only until the end of the completion window to consummate an initial business combination. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the completion window may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Unlike some other similar blank check companies, we will have only until the end of the completion window to consummate an initial business combination. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within the completion window. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the end of the completion window. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. Unlike some other similar blank check companies, we will have only until the end of the completion window to consummate an initial business combination. We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may receive only 10.25 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our sponsor, sponsor co-investor, officers, directors and special advisor have agreed that we must complete our initial business combination within the completion window. Unlike some other similar blank check companies, we will have only until the end of the completion window to consummate an initial business combination. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within completion window. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein, including as a result of terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of infectious diseases. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic continues both in the United States and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, financial markets may be adversely affected by current or anticipated military conflict, including between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism, sanctions or other geopolitical events globally. Additionally, widespread damage to the global economy as a whole (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of infectious diseases) may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. It may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the completion window, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.25 per share, or less than 10.25 per share, upon the redemption of their public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.25 per share and other risk factors herein. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

If third parties bring claims against us or the Surviving Company, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.25 per share. Our placement of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us or the Surviving Company. Although we have sought and will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses, including the Surviving Company, and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit the holders of Class A ordinary shares, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even, if they execute such agreements, that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. RBC Capital Markets, LLC did not and will not execute an agreement with the Company waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, although it has waived its deferred underwriting fees in connection with the Business Combination. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, in the event of the liquidation of the trust account upon the failure of the Company to consummate Business Combination or another initial business combination on or before April 18, 2024, the sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by (A) a third party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or (B) a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.25 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.25 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked the sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether the sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that the sponsor s only assets are securities of ours. Therefore, we cannot assure you that the sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the our officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of the sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to the holders of Class A ordinary shares. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.25 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.25 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and the sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our 
 12 

Table of Contents 

independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against the sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against the sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to the holders of Class A ordinary shares may be reduced below 10.25 per share. The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within the completion window may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination within the completion window. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. The securities in which we invest the proceeds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of taxes or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.25 per share. The net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants, in the amount of 235,750,000, will be held in an interest-bearing trust account. The proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in direct U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. Treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest and may rise in the future, these rates are have been low and these obligations have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years, central banks in Europe and Japan have pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest income (which we may withdraw to pay income taxes, if any) would be reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income. If the balance of the trust account is reduced below 235,750,000 as a result of negative interest rates, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.25 per share. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

In the event that our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. For example, we may require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy solicitation materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of public warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the public warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or public warrants, potentially at a loss. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.25 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.25 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. If the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the completion window, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. Of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, only 2,530,472 is available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the completion window; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay director and officer liability insurance premiums and fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the 
 15 

Table of Contents 

required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.25 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.25 per public share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.25 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by (A) a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or (B) a 
 16 

Table of Contents 

prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.25 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.25 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.25 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our independent directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.25 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.25 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.25 per public share. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We may not have sufficient liquidity to fund our working capital needs through one year from the issuance of the financial statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC 205-40, Basis of Presentation-Going Concern, if we are not able to consummate a Business Combination before July 18, 2023 (or such later date as may be extended by the Sponsor), we will commence an automatic winding up, dissolution and liquidation. Management has determined that the automatic liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities for these facts. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and compliance with other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The Initial Public Offering was not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-business combination activity; or (iii) absent our completing an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.25 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry or sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. We may pursue business combination opportunities in any industry or sector, except that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these 
 19 

Table of Contents 

risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines and, as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.25 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. We will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our Units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in the Initial Public Offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm and, consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 477,000,000 and 44,250,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. There are no preference shares issued and outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Initial Public Offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.25 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.25 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants provided us with 227,700,000 for use to complete our initial business combination (after taking into account the 8,050,000 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and the expenses of the Initial Public Offering). In connection with the July 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting, shareholders holding an aggregate of 15,105,199 Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem such shares prior to the redemption deadline on July 12, 2023. Following the withdrawals from the trust account in connection with such redemptions, approximately 85.13 million remained in the trust account for us to complete our initial business combination. We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of 
 22 

Table of Contents 

the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Neither the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association nor the Business Combination Agreement provide a specified maximum redemption threshold. In fact, in connection with the extension of the time period in which the Company can complete a merger, approved by our shareholders on July 14, 2023, we eliminated 
 23 

Table of Contents 

from the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association the limitation that we not redeem public shares to the extent that such redemption would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, the Business Combination Agreement does not provide a maximum redemption threshold. As a result of these conditions, we will be able to complete the Business Combination even if a substantial majority of the holders of Class A ordinary shares redeem their shares. In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments, including our warrant agreement, in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that holders of our securities may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, amending our public warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants and amending our private warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding private placement warrants and at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. Furthermore, we will agree to not lower the exercise price of the public warrants or extend the duration of the exercise period of the public warrants without taking the same actions with respect to the private placement warrants and vice versa. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. Although we believe that the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing (including pursuant to a specified future issuance) or to abandon the proposed business combination. The re-emergence of inflation and geopolitical tensions (among other factors) have caused financial markets to become more volatile recently. Credit markets have tightened and interest rates may rise. As a result, we cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our 
 24 

Table of Contents 

initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.25 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within the completion window, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination within the completion window. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, financial markets may be adversely affected by current or anticipated military conflict, including between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism, sanctions or other geopolitical events globally. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case, to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.25 per public share, or less than 10.25 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. A new U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on us in connection with redemptions of our shares. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. If we were to acquire a domestic corporation or engage in a transaction in which a domestic corporation becomes our parent or our affiliate and our securities trade on a U.S. stock exchange, we may become a covered corporation within the meaning of the IR Act. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. The IR Act applies only to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination or otherwise, would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the structure of a Business Combination, (ii) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination or otherwise, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination or a reduction in the cash available for a redemption of the Public Shares in connection with a Business Combination or otherwise. We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. Risks Relating to Our Securities The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the NYSE. Although we currently meet the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the NYSE listing standards, our securities may not be listed on the NYSE in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels, such as a minimum market capitalization (generally 50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders) Additionally, our Units will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our total market capitalization would be required to be at least 200.0 million, the aggregate market value of publicly held shares would be required to be at least 100.0 million and we would be required to have at least 400 round lot shareholders. We may not be able to meet those listing requirements at that time, especially if there are a significant number of redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. If the NYSE delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 
 26 

Table of Contents 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, as amended, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because we expect that our units and eventually our Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be listed on the NYSE, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants will qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, (the Excess Shares ), without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator 
 27 

Table of Contents 

could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offense and may be liable for a fine of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. You will not be permitted to exercise your public warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain exemptions are available. If the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the public warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of public warrants will not be entitled to exercise such public warrants and such public warrants may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their public warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. While we have registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants under the Securities Act as part of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we do not plan on keeping a prospectus current until required to pursuant to the public warrant agreement. We have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement associated with our IPO or a new registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants and thereafter to use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such post-effective amendment or registration statement and a current prospectus relating thereto until the expiration or redemption of the public warrants in accordance with the provisions of the public warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the public warrant agreement, holders of public warrants who seek to exercise their public warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. In no event will public warrants be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any Class A ordinary shares to holders seeking to exercise their public warrants, unless the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. If the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a public warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of public warrants who seek to exercise their public 
 28 

Table of Contents 

warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will (x) not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants and (y) use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify for sale the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants under the blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any public warrant or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in exchange for the public warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the Class A ordinary shares underlying the public warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders and holders of our private placement warrants and working capital warrants and their respective permitted transferees may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Pursuant to an agreement entered into on the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our initial shareholders and holders of our private placement warrants and working capital warrants and their respective permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our initial shareholders, holders of our private placement warrants or working capital warrants or their respective permitted transferees are registered for resale. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 
 29 

Table of Contents 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. Our initial shareholders paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per founder share and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our Class A ordinary shares. The difference between the public offering price per share (allocating all of the unit purchase price to the Class A ordinary share and none to the warrant included in the unit) and the pro forma net tangible book value per Class A ordinary share after the Initial Public Offering constituted the dilution to investors in our Initial Public Offering. Our initial shareholders acquired the founder shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. Upon closing of the Initial Public Offering, and assuming no value is ascribed to the warrants included in the Units, investors in our Initial Public Offering incurred an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 109.1 (or 10.91 per share), the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per share of (0.91) and the initial offering price of 10.00 per unit. This dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the Founder Shares result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Founder Shares at the time of our initial business combination and would become exacerbated to the extent that public shareholders seek redemptions from the trust for their public shares. In addition, because of the anti-dilution protection in the Founder Shares, any equity or equity-linked securities or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class A ordinary shares. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per public warrant, if, among other things, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares has been at least 18.00 per share for any ten trading days within the 20-trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is given to the public warrant holders and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the public warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the public warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the public warrants. Redemption of the public warrants could force you to (i) exercise your public warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your public warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your public warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding public warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your public warrants. Our management s ability to require holders of our public warrants to exercise such public warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer Class A ordinary shares upon their exercise of the public warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their public warrants for cash. If we call our public warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this prospectus have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its 
 30 

Table of Contents 

public warrants (including any public warrants held by our sponsor, officers, sponsor co-investor, directors or their permitted transferees) to do so on a cashless basis. If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their public warrants on a cashless basis, the number of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised their public warrants for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in us. Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 11,500,000 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered in the Initial Public Offering and, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 13,550,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if the sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,500,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants. To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions will include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our initial shareholders, are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond the completion window before redemption from our trust account. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the completion window before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment or removal of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including, but not limited to, the approval of the organizational documents of our company in such other jurisdiction). Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors or to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands during such time. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you will not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within twenty business days of the closing of an initial business combination. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by us in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller of an interest in the target to us in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this Annual Report, or defective provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. Risks Relating to Our Management Team Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers and directors is engaged in several 
 33 

Table of Contents 

other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, senior management of HPS will spend a vast majority, if not substantially all, of their business time on their other duties, including to the investment management clients of HPS. We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our key personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. None of our officers are required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, they will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote more substantial amounts of time to their other business activities, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs and could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial business combination. In addition, we do not have employment agreements with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected loss of the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us. The role of our key personnel after our initial business combination, however, remains to be determined. Although some of our key personnel serve in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that most, if not all, of the management of the target business will remain in place. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial 
 34 

Table of Contents 

interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on or prior to the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. The officers and directors of an initial business combination candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an initial business combination candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the initial business combination candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. As a result, we may need to reconstitute the management team of the post-transaction company in connection with our initial business combination, which may adversely impact our ability to complete an initial business combination in a timely manner or at all. Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check company and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Following the completion of the Initial Public Offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. In addition, our sponsor, sponsor co-investor, officers and directors are and may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business opportunity may be presented to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so, or we may acquire a target business through an Affiliated Joint Acquisition with our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor. In addition, we do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The direct and indirect personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Management Conflicts of Interest. Our sponsor, sponsor co-investor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, sponsor co-investor, officers and directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved, and such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor and its affiliates manage and operate other businesses, which may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. Our sponsor, sponsor co-investor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities regarding a transaction with us. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Moreover, we may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity affiliated with our sponsor and its affiliates. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such parties. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Since our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may have acquired in connection with or acquired after our Initial Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. On January 28, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain of our offering and formation costs in consideration of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. On March 2, 2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000 founder shares to Cassandra S. Lee and 25,000 founder shares to each of Zakary C. Brown, James W. Keyes, Gerald D. Putnam and John J. Romanelli, resulting in our sponsor holding 7,057,500 founder shares. On November 17, 2021, our sponsor surrendered an aggregate of 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares for no consideration, thereby reducing the aggregate number of Class B ordinary shares held by our sponsor to 5,620,000 founder shares. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor and our sponsor co-investor have committed, pursuant to written agreements, to purchase an aggregate of 13,550,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant 13,550,000 in the aggregate), in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. If we do not consummate an initial business within the completion window, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The direct and indirect personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as April 18, 2024 nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination (unless such deadline is extended by shareholder vote). We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. Involvement of members of our management and companies with which they are affiliated in civil disputes and litigation, governmental investigations or negative publicity unrelated to our business affairs could materially impact our ability to consummate an initial business combination. Members of our management team and companies with which they are affiliated have been, and in the future will continue to be, involved in a wide variety of business affairs, including transactions, such as sales and purchases of businesses, and ongoing operations. As a result of such involvement, members of our management and companies with which they are affiliated in have been, and may in the future be, involved in civil disputes, litigation, governmental investigations and negative publicity relating to their business affairs. Any such claims, investigations, lawsuits or negative publicity may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively affect our ability to identify and complete an initial business combination in a material manner and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. Our sponsor co-investor has been the subject of securities litigation and negative publicity, including a short-seller report which made allegations of malfeasance which the sponsor co-investor has denied. In addition, the 
 37 

Table of Contents 

sponsor co-investor took control of an entity in 2007 with internal controls issues that later was subject to a permanent cease trade order by Canadian securities regulators. Although the sponsor co-investor holds founder shares which are entitled to registration rights, the sponsor co-investor will not have any additional rights and does not control the sponsor. After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States and, therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States, and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 
 38 

Table of Contents 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars, including the conflict in Ukraine and the surrounding region; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. General Risk Factors We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a blank check company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results, and we did not commence operations until obtaining funding through the Initial Public Offering. Because we have a limited operating history, you have little basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Past performance by our management team or either of their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our management team is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or either of their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Certain agreements related to the Initial Public Offering may be amended without shareholder approval. Certain agreements, including the underwriting agreement relating to the Initial Public Offering, the letter agreement among us and our sponsor, officers and directors, and the registration rights agreement among us and our initial shareholders, may be amended without shareholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions that our public shareholders might deem to be material. While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendments would not require approval from our shareholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. holder (as defined below) of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Additionally, even if we qualify for the start-up exception with respect to a given taxable year, there cannot be any assurance that we would not be a PFIC in other taxable years. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election with respect to their Class A ordinary shares, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. A U.S. holder is a beneficial owner that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 

an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; 

a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation) that is created or organized (or treated as created or organized) under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 

an estate the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or 

a trust, if (i) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of such trust and one or more United States persons (within the meaning of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (ii) the trust has validly elected to be treated as a United States person. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders and their respective permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially owned, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our Class A ordinary shares upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our sponsor, sponsor co-investor, executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers, directors or director nominees for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Upon closing of the Initial Public Offering, our initial shareholders owned, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended 
 43 

Table of Contents 

and restated memorandum and articles of association. Neither our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this prospectus. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were appointed by our sponsor, is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares have the right to vote on the appointment and removal of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including, but not limited to, the approval of the organizational documents of our company in such other jurisdiction) prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our initial shareholders. Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. Because each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different 
 44 

Table of Contents 

from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, 
 45 

Table of Contents 

contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. An investment in this Company may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. An investment in this Company may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar to the Units we are issuing, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a Unit between the Class A ordinary shares and the one-half of a warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share included in each Unit could be challenged by the IRS or courts. Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants included in the units we are issuing are unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our ordinary shares suspend the running of a U.S. holder s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered qualified dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities. Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on these systems could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early-stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. Since only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, upon the listing of our shares on the NYSE, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. Only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance standards. Under the NYSE corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the NYSE; 

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 
 46 

Table of Contents 

we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE corporate governance requirements. The Domestication may result in adverse tax consequences for holders of Class A ordinary shares or Class B ordinary shares (the Company Shares and holders of private placement warrants or public warrants (the Company Warrants ). U.S. holders may be subject to U.S. federal income tax as a result of the Domestication. The Domestication should qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(F) of the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, due to the absence of direct guidance on the application of Section 368(a)(1)(F) to a statutory conversion of a corporation holding only investment-type assets such as the Company, this result is not entirely clear. Assuming the Domestication qualifies as a reorganization under Section 368(a)(1)(F) of the Code, U.S. holders of Company Shares will be subject to Section 367(b) of the Code, and as a result: 

a U.S. holder of Company Shares whose Company Shares have a fair market value of less than 50,000 on the date of the Domestication should not recognize any gain or loss and generally should not be required to include any part of the Company s earnings in income pursuant to the Domestication; 

a U.S. holder of Company Shares whose Company Shares have a fair market value of 50,000 or more on the date of the Domestication, but who on the date of the Domestication owns (actually and constructively) less than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of Company Shares entitled to vote and less than 10 of the total value of all classes of Company Shares will generally recognize gain (but not loss) with respect to the Domestication, as if such U.S. holder exchanged its Company Shares for common stock of the Surviving Company Surviving Company Common Stock in a taxable transaction. As an alternative to recognizing gain, such U.S. holders may file an election to include in income as a dividend the all earnings and profits amount (as defined in the U.S. Treasury regulations (the Treasury Regulations) issued under Section 367 of the Code) attributable to their Company Shares, provided certain other requirements are satisfied. The Company does not expect that cumulative earnings and profits will be material at the time of Domestication; and 

a U.S. holder of Company Shares who on the date of the Domestication owns (directly, indirectly, or constructively) 10 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of Company Shares entitled to vote or 10 or more of the total value of all classes of Company Shares will generally be required to include in income as a dividend the all earnings and profits amount (as defined in Treasury Regulations issued under Section 367 of the Code) attributable to its Company Shares. Any such U.S. holder that is a corporation may, under certain circumstances, effectively be exempt from taxation on a portion or all of the deemed dividend pursuant to Section 245A of the Code. The Company does not expect that cumulative earnings and profits will be material at the time of the Domestication. Furthermore, if the Domestication qualifies as a reorganization under Section 368(a)(1)(F) of the Code, a U.S. holder of Company Shares or Company Warrants may, in certain circumstances, still recognize gain (but not loss) upon the exchange of Company Shares or Company Warrants for Surviving Company Common Stock or private placement or public warrants of the Surviving Company Surviving Company Warrants pursuant to the Domestication under the passive foreign investment company PFIC rules of the Code. Proposed Treasury 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Regulations with a retroactive effective date have been promulgated under Section 1291(f) of the Code which generally require that a U.S. person who disposes of stock of a PFIC (including rights to acquire stock of a PFIC, such as the Company Warrants) must recognize gain equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the Surviving Company Common Stock or Surviving Company Warrants received in the Domestication and the U.S. holder s adjusted tax basis in the corresponding Company Shares or Company Warrants surrendered in exchange therefor, notwithstanding any other provision of the Code. Because the Company is a blank check company with no current active business, and based upon the composition of its income (i.e., interest) and assets (i.e., cash) and upon a review of its financial statements, we believe that it is likely that the Company is classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, the relevant proposed Treasury Regulations, if finalized in their current form, would generally require a U.S. holder of Company Shares who has not made certain tax elections with respect to its Company Shares or a U.S. holder of Company Warrants to recognize gain on the exchange of such shares or warrants for shares or warrants of the Surviving Company pursuant to the Domestication. It is not possible to determine at this time whether, in what form and with what effective date final Treasury Regulations under Section 1291(f) of the Code will be adopted. Each U.S. holder of Company Shares or Company Warrants is urged to consult its own tax advisor concerning the application of the PFIC rules of the Code, including the proposed Treasury Regulations, to the exchange of Company Shares and Company Warrants for Surviving Company Common Stock and Surviving Company Warrants pursuant to the Domestication. Additionally, the Domestication may cause non-U.S. holders (as defined below) to become subject to U.S. federal withholding taxes on any dividends paid in respect of such non-U.S. holder s Surviving Company Common Stock after the Domestication. A non-U.S. holder is a beneficial owner of Surviving Company Common Stock or Surviving Company Warrants that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 

a non-resident alien individual; 

a foreign corporation; or 

an estate or trust that is not a U.S. holder. Such term, however, generally does not include an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of disposition. If you are such an individual, you are urged to consult your tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the sale or other disposition of Surviving Company Common Stock or Surviving Company Warrants. If the Domestication fails to qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a)(1)(F) of the Code, a U.S. holder generally would recognize gain or loss with respect to its Company Shares and Company Warrants in an amount equal to the difference between the fair market value of Surviving Company Common Stock and Surviving Company Warrants received in the Domestication and the U.S. holders adjusted tax basis in its Company Shares and Surviving Company Warrants surrendered in the Domestication. Furthermore, because the Domestication will occur immediately prior to any redemption of Company Shares by U.S. holders, U.S. holders exercising their redemption rights will be subject to the potential tax consequences of the Domestication. The tax consequences of the Domestication are complex and will depend on a holder s particular circumstances. All holders are strongly urged to consult their tax advisors for a full description and understanding of the tax consequences of the Domestication, including the applicability and effect of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign income and other tax laws. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

We may be subject to a new 1 U.S. federal excise tax in connection with any redemptions of Company Shares. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which, among other things, imposes a 1 excise tax (the Excise Tax on certain repurchases (including certain redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations. The Excise Tax will apply to repurchases occurring in 2023 and beyond. Because we will be a Delaware corporation and our securities are expected to trade on the NYSE, if any redemptions occur after the Domestication such that we redeem shares of Surviving Company Common Stock, we currently expect that we would be subject to the Excise Tax with respect to such redemptions occurring on a date after December 31, 2022 that are treated as repurchases for this purpose. The amount of the Excise Tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the repurchased stock at the time of the repurchase. The U.S. Department of the Treasury has authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of, the Excise Tax. On December 27, 2022, the U.S. Department of the Treasury issued a notice that provides interim operating rules for the Excise Tax, including rules governing the calculation and reporting of the Excise Tax, on which taxpayers may rely until the forthcoming proposed Treasury regulations addressing the Excise Tax are published. Although such notice clarifies certain aspects of the Excise Tax, the interpretation and operation of other aspects of the Excise Tax remain unclear, and such interim operating rules are subject to change. As the Company is not a United States Domestic Company, all redemptions that occur until Domestication are not subject to the Excise Tax. The extent of the Excise Tax that we may incur would depend on a number of factors, including the fair market value of the Surviving Company Common Stock redeemed, the extent such redemptions could be treated as dividends and not repurchases, and the content of any forthcoming regulations and other guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury that may be issued and applicable to such redemptions. In addition, the amount of Excise Tax imposed with respect to repurchases of stock by a repurchasing corporation may be reduced by the fair market value of stock issued by the repurchasing corporation during the same taxable year. Absent the issuance of applicable guidance to the contrary, we currently expect that this reduction would be available with respect to any redemptions of Surviving Company Common Stock by us and the issuance of Surviving Company Common Stock by us to stockholders in connection with the Merger. It is possible, however, that applicable guidance is issued that would prevent or limit the potential application of this rule to such issuance and redemptions or that the applicable fair market values are such that such issuance may not be able to fully offset the redemptions for purposes of this rule. The Excise Tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not the shareholders from which shares are repurchased, and only limited guidance on the mechanics of any required reporting and payment of the Excise Tax on which taxpayers may rely have been issued to date. The imposition of the Excise Tax, if any, could reduce the amount of cash available to us for effecting redemptions, and could reduce the cash on hand for us to fund operations and to make distributions to shareholders. We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. None. 

Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity Since our IPO, our sole business activities have been identifying and evaluating suitable acquisition transaction candidates. We do not operate any enterprise information technology systems of our own and have only a limited number of personnel. Our cybersecurity risk is assessed and managed by our management team, who limit the persons who have authorized access to our online accounts and limit the vendors whose services we utilize to a small number of reputable service providers. Our board of directors is generally responsible for the oversight of risks from cybersecurity threats, if there is any. We have not encountered any cybersecurity incidents since our IPO. 

Item 2. 
 Properties. We currently maintain our executive offices at 7615 Zionsville Road, Indianapolis, Indiana 46268. The cost for this space is included in the 15,000 per month fee that we will pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their corporate capacity. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. None. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information. Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are traded on the NYSE under the symbols WNNR.U , WNNR and WNNR WS , respectively. Holders Although there are a larger number of beneficial owners, at February 1, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares and one holder of record of our public warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings On January 28, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain offering and formation costs of the Company in consideration of 7,187,500 founder shares. On March 2, 2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000 founder shares to Cassandra S. Lee and 25,000 founder shares to each of Zakary C. Brown, James W. Keyes, Gerald D. Putnam and John J. Romanelli, resulting in our sponsor holding 7,057,500 founder shares. On November 17, 2021, our sponsor surrendered an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares for no consideration, thereby reducing the aggregate number of founder shares held by the sponsor to 5,620,000 founder shares. Immediately prior to the IPO, the sponsor forfeited 1,430,923 founder shares in connection with the issuance of founder shares to the sponsor co-investor. On January 18, 2022, we completed our IPO of 23,000,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 230,000,000. Each unit consists of one of the Company s Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-half of one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. Following the closing of the IPO, an aggregate of 235,750,000 was placed in the trust account. The Company incurred 23,807,600 of offering costs in connection with the IPO, comprised of 754,790 of deal costs, 10,402,810 for the fair value of the founder shares attributable to the sponsor co-investor, 4,600,000 of underwriters discount paid, and 8,050,000 of deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event the Company completes a business combination. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the IPO as described in our final prospectus dated January 12, 2022, which was filed with the SEC. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Concurrently with the completion of the IPO, our sponsor and sponsor co-investor purchased an aggregate of 13,550,000 warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, or 13,550,000 in the aggregate. An aggregate of 235,750,000 was placed in a trust account at the time of closing of the IPO. Each whole private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. On December 19, 2023, the Company and Zapata entered into a purchase agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park pursuant to which Lincoln Park has agreed to purchase from the Company (the Purchase Agreement ), at the option of the Company, up to 75,000,000 of shares of common stock from time to time over a 36-month period. The Purchase Agreement is subject to certain limitations including, but not limited to, the filing and effectiveness of a registration statement covering shares of common stock that are issuable to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement (the Lincoln Park Registration Statement ). In connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Company and Zapata also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Lincoln Park Registration Rights Agreement with Lincoln Park, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to file the Lincoln Park Registration Statement with the SEC within forty-five (45) days following the closing of the Business Combination. 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved]. 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report. Unless otherwise indicated, references in this section to the terms the Company, we, our and us refer to the Company prior to the Business Combination and the term Zapata refers to Zapata prior to the Business Combination. The financial information included in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is that of the Company prior to the Business Combination because the Business Combination was consummated after the period covered by the financial statements included in this Annual Report. Accordingly, the historical financial information included in this Annual Report, unless otherwise indicated or as the context otherwise requires, is that of the Company prior to the Business Combination. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on January 20, 2021 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, consolidation share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. Business Combination Agreement On September 6, 2023, Andretti Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company incorporated with limited liability, entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as it may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement with Tigre Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub and Zapata Computing, Inc., a Delaware corporation Zapata ). 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Merger Consideration At the effective time of the Business Combination: 

(i) 
 each share of Zapata s preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Zapata Preferred Stock will be converted into the right to receive a number of newly issued shares of New Parent Common Stock equal to the Per Share Preferred Stock Consideration (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement; 

(ii) 
 each share of Zapata s common stock, par value of 0.0001 (the Zapata Common Stock will be converted into the right to receive a number of newly issued shares of New Parent Common Stock equal to the Per Share Common Stock Consideration (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement; and 

(iii) 
 each option to purchase shares of Zapata s common stock, whether or not exercisable and whether or not vested (each, a Zapata Option will automatically be converted into an option to purchase, on the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such Zapata Option immediately prior to the Effective Time, including applicable vesting conditions, a number of shares of New Parent Common Stock determined in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement. The aggregate value of the consideration that the holders of Zapata s securities collectively shall be entitled to receive from Company in connection with the Business Combination shall not exceed 200,000,000 (calculated with each share of New Parent Common Stock deemed to have a value of 10 per share). Other Agreements in Connection with the Business Combination Agreement: Sponsor Support Agreement Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, SPAC, the Sponsor, and certain key equity holders of the Sponsor entered into a certain Sponsor Support Agreement, which amended and restated in its entirety that certain letter, dated January 12, 2022, by and among such parties. Pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement, those certain equity holders who are parties thereto agreed to: (a) vote all shares of the SPAC Common Stock beneficially owned by them (including any additional shares of SPAC Common Stock over which they acquire ownership or the power to vote) in favor of the Business Combination and all other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement; (b) the continued lock-up of the founder shares held by such persons for the earlier of (i) one (1) year or (ii) the date on which the post-Closing share price equals or exceeds 12 for twenty (20) trading days in a thirty (30)-trading day period commencing at least one hundred and fifty (150) days after the Closing (or in the event of a liquidation, merger or other similar event); and (c) the continued lock-up of the private placement warrants until thirty (30) days following Closing. Additionally, the Sponsor Support Agreement provides that the Sponsor Shares are subject to certain vesting and forfeiture conditions based on: (a) the total dollar amount of cash or cash equivalents available in the Trust Account after any redemptions plus (b) the total amount of financing raised by both SPAC and Zapata (including any bridge financing raised by Zapata prior to the Closing Date) to be consummated prior to the consummation of the Business Combination (all such amounts, the Closing Available Cash as follows: 

If the Closing Available Cash is an amount equal to 25 million or more, then all Sponsor Shares will be fully vested; 

If the Closing Available Cash is 10 million or less, then 30 of the Sponsor Shares will be unvested and subject to forfeiture; and 

If the Closing Available Cash is more than 10 million but less than 25 million then the number of Sponsor Shares that will be unvested and subject to forfeiture will be determined by straight line interpolation between zero and 30 of the number of Sponsor Shares. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Any Sponsor Shares subject to vesting will become vested if, within three years of the Closing, the closing price of the New Company Common Stock on the NYSE (or other exchange or other market where the New Company Common Stock is then traded) equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30 trading day period, or if there is a change of control of the Company. If neither of these events occur within three years of the Closing, then the unvested Sponsor Shares will be forfeited. The vesting provisions were analyzed under ASC 480 and ASC 815 and determined equity classification was not precluded and should remain classified as permanent equity until the business combination is consummated. On December 19, 2023, Andretti and Zapata entered into a purchase agreement (the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park pursuant to which Lincoln Park has agreed to purchase from the Surviving Company, at the option the Surviving Company, up to 75,000,000 of shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Surviving Company New Company Common Stock from time to time over a 36-month period following the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing and upon the satisfaction of certain other conditions set forth in the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement. The Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement is subject to certain limitations including, but not limited to, the filing and effectiveness of the registration statement covering shares of New Company Common Stock that are issuable to Lincoln Park under the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement (the Lincoln Park Registration Statement ). Pursuant to the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement, the Surviving Company will pay Lincoln Park a commitment fee of 1,687,500 (the Commitment Fee as follows: (i) on the business day prior to the filing of the Lincoln Park Registration Statement, 562,500 in shares of New Company Common Stock and (ii) on the business day prior to the filing of the Lincoln Park Registration Statement, the Surviving Company may elect to pay the remaining 1,125,000 amount of the Commitment Fee in either cash or shares of New Company Common Stock. The Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement further provides that the Surviving Company may not issue any securities pursuant to the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement if such issuance would reasonably be expected to result in a violation of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act or a breach of the rules and regulations of the principal market on which the New Company Common Stock is traded. In connection with the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement, on December 19, 2023, Andretti and Zapata also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Lincoln Park Registration Rights Agreement with Lincoln Park, pursuant to which the Surviving Company has agreed to file the Lincoln Park Registration Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC within forty-five (45) days following the Closing. Results of Operations Our only activities from January 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2023 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we had a net loss of 862,919, which consists of operating costs of 8,349,476, change in fair value of convertible promissory note related party of 599,222 and interest expense - convertible promissory note of 70,918 offset by interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 8,156,697. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 1,890,290, which consists of interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 3,399,736 offset by operating costs of 1,509,446. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources Until the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of founder shares and the unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor entered on January 28, 2021, pursuant to which the Company was able to borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. On January 18, 2022, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 23,000,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of its over-allotment option in the amount of 3,000,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 230,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 13,550,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement in a private placement to the Sponsor and the Sponsor Co-Investor, generating gross proceeds of 13,550,000. Following the Initial Public Offering, the full exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, a total of 235,750,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 23,807,600 in Initial Public Offering related costs, including 4,600,000 of underwriting fees and 754,790 of other offering costs. In connection with the July 14, 2023 special meeting, shareholders holding an aggregate of 15,105,199 of the Company s Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares prior to the redemption deadline on July 12, 2023. Following the withdrawals from the trust account in connection with such redemptions, approximately 84.2 million remained in the trust account (based on the redemption amount of 10.66 per share). As of December 31, 2023, the Company had 161,224 in its operating bank account, 86,265,079 in marketable securities held in the Trust Account, which includes 5,343,369 of interest income, which is a result of 11,556,433 of interest income reduced by 6,213,064 of interest paid to redeeming shareholders and a working capital deficit of 750,318. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. For the year ended December 31, 2023, cash used in operating activities was 3,043,848. Net loss of 862,919 was affected by change in fair value of convertible promissory note related party of 599,222 and interest expense - convertible promissory note of 70,918 offset by interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 8,156,697. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 5,376,546 of cash for operating activities. For the year ended December 31, 2023, net cash provided by investing activities was 161,054,354 as a result of the redemption of ordinary shares. For the year ended December 31, 2023, net cash used in financing activities was 158,452,402 as a result of the drawdowns on the related party convertible promissory notes partially offset by the payment of offering costs of 85,000 and redemption of ordinary shares of 161,041,354, offset by proceeds from convertible note related party of 2,673,952. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 1,932,401. Net income of 1,890,290 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 3,399,736. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used 422,955 of cash for operating activities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 235,750,000 as a result of the investment of cash into trust account. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 238,298,521 as a result of the proceeds from issuance of Class B ordinary share to Sponsor of 6,221, proceeds from sale of units, net of underwriting discounts paid of 225,400,000, proceeds from sale of Private Placements Warrants of 13,550,000 and proceeds from promissory note - related party of 75 offset by repayment of promissory note - related party of 240,629 and payment of offering costs of 417,146. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account, which interest shall be net of taxes payable and excluding deferred underwriting commissions, to complete our Business Combination. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete a Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. We will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from the Sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. Our officers and directors and the Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet our working capital needs. On January 26, 2023, the Sponsor agreed to lend the Company an aggregate of up to 375,000 for working capital purposes pursuant to a convertible promissory note. On March 29, 2023 Michael M. Andretti, William J. Sandbrook, and William M. Brown agreed to lend the Company an aggregate of up to 500,000, 500,000, and 100,000, respectively, pursuant to individual convertible promissory notes. We had drawn an aggregate of 2,673,952 under the convertible promissory notes as of December 31, 2023, which includes drawdowns of 175,000 on January 26, 2023, 725,555 on March 29, 2023, 225,001 on April 27, 2023, 234,869 on May 19, 2023, 713,527 on June 2, 2023, 300,000 on August 31, 2023 and 300,000 on November 1, 2023. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern one year from the date that these financial statements are issued. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs as well as complete a Business Combination by April 18, 2024 (or such later date as may be approved by shareholder vote), then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and the date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to consummate a business combination prior to the mandatory liquidation date. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after April 18, 2024 (or such later date as may be approved by shareholder vote). 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2023. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a sum of up to 15,000 per month for office space and secretarial and administrative services. We began incurring these fees on January 12, 2022 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination or our liquidation. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had a total of 4,040,000 and 160,000, respectively, of deferred legal fees to be paid to the Company s legal advisors upon consummation of the Business Combination, which is included in the accompanying balance sheet as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. On December 22, 2022, the Company entered into an engagement letter with KPMG LLP KPMG ), pursuant to which KPMG will assist the Company in performing due diligence in connection with the initial Business Combination. The Company paid a 275,000 and 450,554 fee in January 2023 and March 2023, respectively, to KPMG in connection with this arrangement. The fees in connection with the services rendered are expensed as incurred and are payable upon the earlier of the termination of KPMG s engagement and the closing of the Initial Business Combination. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company paid 725,554 towards this engagement and no further balance is due. On January 24, 2023, the Company entered into a letter agreement with Kroll, LLC Duff Phelps ), pursuant to which Duff Phelps will serve as an independent financial advisor to the Board of the Company and will provide a fairness opinion regarding the initial Business Combination. The Company paid a 50,000 non-refundable retainer fee in January 2023 to Duff Phelps in connection with this arrangement. The Company has agreed to pay Duff Phelps an additional (i) 150,000 fee payable upon Duff Phelps informing the Company that it is prepared to deliver a fairness opinion in connection with the initial Business Combination and (ii) 400,000 fee payable upon closing of the initial Business Combination. As of December 31, 2023, the opinion was delivered as such, the Company paid 224,918. As of December 31, 2023, the Company incurred fees totaling 624,918, of which 400,000 is included in accrued expenses on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. On January 24, 2023, the Company entered into an engagement letter with Cassels Brock Blackwell LLP Cassels ), pursuant to which Cassels will represent the Company as Canadian counsel in connection with the initial Business Combination. The fees in connection with the services rendered are expensed as incurred. As of December 31, 2023 the Company recorded 155,000 to accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheet. On February 3, 2023, the Company entered into an engagement letter with Macfarlanes LLP Macfarlanes ), pursuant to which Macfarlanes will represent the Company as English law counsel in connection with the initial Business Combination. The fees in connection with the services rendered are expensed as incurred. As of December 31, 2023 the Company had paid Macfarlanes 472,526. The Company does not expect to incur any additional costs from this agreement. On April 12, 2023, the Company entered into an engagement letter with KPMG LLP KPMG ), pursuant to which KPMG will assist the Company in performing due diligence in connection with a prospective initial Business Combination. The Company paid a total of 459,870 in fees in April and May 2023 to KPMG in connection with this arrangement. In connection with the engagement letter, an additional 919,740 is due and payable upon successful completion of the Business Combination with a specified target company. The fees in connection with the services rendered are expensed as incurred. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

On June 12, 2023, the Company entered into a letter agreement with MacKenzie Partners, Inc. MacKenzie ), pursuant to which MacKenzie provided advisory, consulting and proxy solicitation services for the Extraordinary General Meeting. The Company agreed to pay MacKenzie a fee of 15,000 plus expenses, payable following the conclusion of the Extraordinary General Meeting. As of December 31, 2023 the Company incurred and paid 26,803 of fees from Mackenzie. On June 26, 2023, the Company entered into an engagement letter with Bass, Berry Sims PLC Bass, Berry Sims ), pursuant to which Bass, Berry Sims will represent the Company as outside counsel in connection with the initial Business Combination. The fees in connection with the services rendered are expensed as incurred. As of December 31, 2023, the Company has paid 22,754 and there is no accrued expenses related to this agreement on the consolidated balance sheet. No further fees are expected in connection with this agreement. On August 28, 2023, the Company entered into an engagement letter with Dentons UK and Middle East LLP Dentons ), pursuant to which Dentons will provide legal advising on any filings requirements as a result of the transaction in Spain or the United Kingdom. The fees in connection with the services rendered are expensed as incurred and are due upon the completion of the initial business combination. As of December 31, 2023, the Company has incurred 27,763 in fees which is included in accrued expense on the Company consolidated balance sheets. The Company does expect to incur any additional costs from this agreement. The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 8,050,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. On September 25, 2023, the Company received a letter from RBC Capital Markets, LLC waiving their rights to their portion of the deferred underwriting fee subject to the closing of the announced proposed business combination with Zapata Computing. On November 7, 2023, the Company entered into a letter agreement with MacKenzie, pursuant to which MacKenzie provided advisory, consulting and proxy solicitation services for the Extraordinary General Meeting in connection with the approval of the Zapata Business Combination. The Company agreed to pay MacKenzie a fee of 17,500 plus expenses, payable following the conclusion of the Extraordinary General Meeting. As of December 31, 2023, the Company accrued 5,000 of fees to Mackenzie which would be due should the Extraordinary General Meeting not occur. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at 
 58 

Table of Contents 

the date of the consolidated financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, all of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of our balance sheets. Net (Loss) Income Per Ordinary Share Net (loss) income per share is computed by dividing net (loss) income by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted (loss) income per share is the same as basic (loss) income per share for the period presented. Warrant Instruments We account for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to our own Class A ordinary shares, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. Convertible Promissory Notes Related Party The Company accounts for its convertible promissory notes under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). Under ASC 815-15-25, the election can be at the inception of a financial instrument to account for the instrument under the fair value option under ASC 825. The Company has made such election for its convertible promissory notes. Using the fair value option, the convertible promissory notes are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, each drawdown date, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Differences between the face value of the notes and fair value at each drawdown date are recognized as either an expense in the consolidated statements of operations (if issued at a premium) or as a capital contribution (if issued at a discount). Changes in the estimated fair value of the notes are recognized as non-cash gains or losses in the consolidated statements of operations. Changes in the estimated fair value of the notes are recognized as non-cash change in the fair value of the convertible promissory notes in the consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of the option to convert into private warrants was valued utilizing the closed-form model. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

Share-Based Compensation The Company adopted ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation, guidance to account for its share-based compensation. It defines a fair value-based method of accounting for an employee share option or similar equity instrument. The Company recognizes all forms of share-based payments, including share option grants, warrants and restricted share grants, at their fair value on the grant date, which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest. Share-based payments, excluding restricted shares, are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to nonemployees for services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment, which is the more readily determinable value. The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods, which is generally the vesting period. If an award is granted, but vesting does not occur, any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related to the termination of service. Share-based compensation expenses are included in costs and operating expenses depending on the nature of the services provided in the statements of operations. Recent Accounting Standards In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ). This update requires financial assets measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. Since June 2016, the FASB issued clarifying updates to the new standard including changing the effective date for smaller reporting companies. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2023. The adoption of ASU 2016-13 did not have a material impact on its financial statements. Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2023, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2023. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. 

 This Annual Report on Form 10-K
 does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)
 of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B.

Other Information. 

(a) ne. 

 (b) ne. 

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not Applicable. 

61 

Table of Contents 
 PART III 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Our current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name

Age

Title

William J. Sandbrook

66 
 
 Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 Michael M. Andretti

61 
 
 Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 William M. Brown

59 
 
 President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Zakary C. Brown

52 
 
 Director 
 
 James W. Keyes

69 
 
 Director 
 
 Cassandra S. Lee

55 
 
 Director 
 
 Gerald D. Putnam

65 
 
 Director 
 
 John J. Romanelli

66 
 
 Director 
 Michael M. Andretti

has served as the Company s Co-Chief Executive Officer
 and a member of the Company Board since January 2021. He is a world-renowned racecar driver and has won more Champ Car World Series races than any other driver in its history. He was crowned champion in 1991 and is now a successful IndyCar team owner. Andretti has 42 race victories, the most in the CART era and fourth-most of all time. After retiring from active racing, Andretti has owned Andretti Autosport, a team that has won four IndyCar Series championships and five Indianapolis 500 races. Two years after his father, legendary racecar driver Mario Andretti, clinched the 1978 World Championship, Michael began his own racing career. He initially competed in Formula Ford and claimed victory in the 1982 SCCA Super Vee Championship with a Ralt RT5. Afterward, he raced in Formula Atlantic in 1983 and had his debut at Le Mans in the same year, finishing third in that race. Michael was named Co-Rookie
 of the Year in the 1984 Indianapolis 500 and finished as championship runner-up
 in 1986. In 1991, he had a banner year, finishing second in the Indianapolis 500 before winning the Champ Car World Series. Michael has also raced as part of McLaren s Formula One team. After racing in the 2003 Indianapolis 500, he retired from full-time IndyCar racing and bought into Team Green which was run by Kim and Barry Green in CART. It became Andretti Green Racing and, for 2003, the team moved to the Indy Racing League IndyCar Series. The team has won the IndyCar title on multiple occasions with Tony Kanaan in 2004, Dan Wheldon in 2005, Dario Franchitti in 2007 and Ryan Hunter-Reay in 2012. 
 In 2009, Andretti Green Racing restructured and emerged as Andretti Autosport, with Michael as sole owner. Today, the Andretti Autosport team fields multiple entries in the NTT INDYCAR SERIES, Indy Lights Presented by Cooper Tires Championship and Pirelli GT4 Americas. Additionally, Andretti Autosport and BMW i Motorsport formed a pioneering partnership in the ABB FIA Formula E Championship, where the BMW i Andretti Motorsport Team competes in the world s first race series for fully-electric Formula cars. Overall, the Andretti Autosport team boasts a highly impressive track record of over 200 total race wins, four IndyCar Series championships, three Indy Lights titles, one Indy Pro 2000 and one USF2000 championship, alongside five Indy 500 victories. In 2018, Michael began a collaboration with Ryan Walkinshaw s Walkinshaw Racing and Zak Brown s United Autosports to create Walkinshaw Andretti United, where Walkinshaw and Andretti now hold equal ownership with United Autosports as minority partner. 

 Michael Andretti has extensive business experience through his time running Andretti Autosport, as well as through personal business ventures. Andretti Autosport has successfully gained support from a vast portfolio of world class brands that serve as sponsors, which currently include Honda, DHL, Gainbridge, NAPA Auto Parts, Genesys and BMW. In 2018, U.S. Concrete, an American concrete, heavy construction aggregates and related-solutions company, announced a partnership to become the primary sponsor for the car of Michael Andretti s son, Marco. The company leveraged a long-term relationship with then-Chief Executive Officer Bill Sandbrook to team up for Marco s IndyCar races. Additionally, in 2020, Andretti Autosport announced an equity stake in EVO, a platform that gives fans the ability to invest in individual professional athletes. Michael has partnered with EVO to 

62 

Table of Contents 
 identify the best up and coming racecar drivers to bring under the EVO umbrella and help revolutionize sports development for individual athletes. Outside of racing, Michael joined D ZY, a video technology platform with livestream monetization, as an investor and advisor. He also owns various car dealerships, Speedmart stores, car washes, powersport stores and an apparel line. 

 William J. (Bill) Sandbrook

has served as the Company s Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and the chairman of the board of directors since January 2021. Bill has extensive corporate management experience, serving as the President, Chief Executive Officer and chairman of the board of directors of U.S. Concrete. Bill joined U.S. Concrete in 2011 as the President and Chief Executive Officer and spearheaded turnaround efforts, selling off low-margin
 units and refocusing U.S. Concrete on its core competencies. Under his leadership, U.S. Concrete became a top producer in North America and made more than 35 acquisitions, and sales grew by nearly 3.5x. U.S. Concrete held leading market positions in New York, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Dallas-Fort Worth and Washington, D.C. During his time heading U.S. Concrete, Bill worked with Matt Brown, who was the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2012 to 2015. In June 2023, he joined the Board of Knife River Corporation (NYSE: KNF) where he is a member of the Audit and Nominating and Governance Committees. 
 Additionally, in 2019, Bill was elected chairman of the National Ready-Mixed Concrete Association and in 2018, he joined the board of directors of Comfort Systems USA, Inc. (NYSE: FIX), where he is a member of both the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee. He has also been recognized for his efforts at Ground Zero after the September 11th bombing of the World Trade Center. Bill was named the Rockland County, NY 2002 Business Leader of the Year, the Dominican College 2002 Man of the Year and the American Red Cross 2003 Man of the Year for Southern New York. Earlier in his career, Bill worked at Tilcon New York in 1992 and became President and Chief Executive Officer three years later. In 1996, Tilcon was acquired by Oldcastle Materials. 

 Bill graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. After receiving his bachelor of science in management, he spent 13 years in the U.S. Army, where his service included a four-year tour in Germany in cavalry and engineering units, three years as an associate professor in the Department of Mathematics at the Military Academy and two years as the Army Program representative to Raytheon. Bill also served as a social aide to President Ronald Reagan while teaching at West Point. In addition to his qualification as an Army Ranger, Bill earned four Master s degrees while in the service. He has received an MBA from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, a Master of Science in Systems Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania, a Master in Public Policy from the Naval War College and a Master of Arts in International Relations from Salve Regina University. 

 William M. (Matt) Brown 

has served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer since January 2021 and the Company s President since 2022. Matt has deep experience leading public and private companies, working across capital markets, executing mergers and acquisitions and transforming businesses to create shareholder value. Prior to joining the Company in 2021, Matt formerly served as the Chief Financial Officer of Rocky Mountain Industrials, Inc., an early-stage aggregates and distribution logistics company focused on the Rocky Mountain region, from 2020 to 2021. Previously, he was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Forterra, a billion-dollar manufacturer of drainage and water pipe. From 2012 through 2015, Matt served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of U.S. Concrete, where he worked together with Bill Sandbrook. From 2007 through 2012, he served as the Treasurer and Executive Assistant to the Chief Executive Officer, and from 2005 through 2007, as the Treasurer of Drummond Company, Inc., a multibillion-dollar international coal producer. From 1999 through 2005, Matt served in the investment banking department of Citigroup Global Markets Inc., including as a Vice President in the basic industries coverage group. There he led both buy-side
 and sell-side M A transactions as well as capital markets offerings of a variety of debt and equity securities. From 1988 through 1997, Matt served in the United States Navy as a SEAL Officer. He holds a Master of Business Administration degree from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from the United States Naval Academy. 
 Zakary C. (Zak) Brown

serves as a member of the Company Board. Zak is the Chief Executive Officer of McLaren Racing. At McLaren, he has overall responsibility for the business, including strategic direction, operational performance, marketing and commercial development. He is also the co-founder
 and Chairman of United Autosports, an auto sport company based in the United Kingdom that competes in different sports prototype categories across the world, including Virgin Australia Supercars where they are partnered with Andretti through 

63 

Table of Contents 
 their team Walkinshaw Andretti United. Born and raised in California, Zak raced professionally around the world for 10 years before developing his skills in motorsport s business and commercial worlds. In 1995, he founded JMI, which grew to become the largest and most successful motorsport marketing agency in the world. When JMI was acquired by CSM Sport Entertainment, a division of Chime Communications, in 2013, Zak became the Chief Executive Officer. He then relinquished the position of the Chief Executive Officer to embark on his journey at McLaren in the winter of 2016. A passionate racer, collector and enthusiast, Zak is also a former member of the board of directors of Cosworth Engineering and a former chairman of the board of directors of Motorsport Network. 

 James W. (Jim) Keyes

serves as a member of the Company Board. Jim has over 30 years of experience in retail, consumer products and aerospace. Jim has been the chairman of the board of directors of Key Development, LLC since 2005. Jim formerly served as the chairman of the board of directors of Wild Oats Marketplace, a producer of natural and organic food. During his time at Wild Oats Marketplace, it acquired 180 Fresh Easy stores from Tesco and developed a strategic partnership with Walmart. Previously, he served in roles of the chairman of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer at Blockbuster, where he helped the company to survive the financial market collapse in 2008 through successful restructuring and sale to Dish Networks. Prior to that, Jim spent over 20 years in executive roles at 7-Eleven, including as
 Global President and Chief Executive Officer from 2000 to 2005. He also served in various roles at CITGO Petroleum and Gulf Oil Corporation. Jim received an MBA from Columbia Business School and a bachelor s degree from College of the Holy Cross. He has been awarded with the Horatio Alger Award in 2005 and the Ellis Island Medal of Honor in 2008. James currently serves on the board of directors for Murphy USA (NYSE: MUSA) and has served on a number of philanthropic boards, including the American Red Cross and the Education is Freedom foundation. 
 Cassandra S. (Cassie) Lee

serves as a member of the Company Board. Cassie is an experienced financial leader with extensive experience in the technology industry. Since 2021, Cassie has served as the Chief Audit Executive for AT T, where she is responsible for risk assessment, validation of risk mitigation strategies and ensuring that significant business processes are followed across the firm. In her previous role as Chief Financial Officer for AT T s Network and Technology Organizations, Cassie was responsible for all financial operations of network construction, engineering and operations, technology development, security operations and global supply chain. She has spent three decades at AT T, gaining deep experience in all areas of the business. She currently serves on the board of directors of Nisource, a utility company. Cassie earned a Bachelor of Professional Accountancy degree from Mississippi State University and is a member of the Mississippi Society of Certified Public Accountants. She served in the Mississippi Army National Guard and is a U.S. Army Veteran. 
 Gerald D. (Jerry) Putnam

serves as a member of the Company Board. Gerry has decades of experience in the financial services industry, both in management roles and on corporate boards of directors. He has served as the chairman of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer of TruMarx Data Partners Inc. from 2011 to 2012. Prior to that, he was the Senior Advisor of Corporate Strategy, Technology Integration and Derivative Products of NYSE Euronext Inc. from 2007 until 2008 and the President and Co-Chief Operating Officer
 of NYSE Euronext Inc. from 2006 to 2007. Prior to the merger of NYSE Group, Inc. and Euronext, Jerry was the President and Co-Chief Operating Officer
 of NYSE Group, Inc. from 2006 to 2007. A highly successful entrepreneur, he founded Archipelago Holdings, an electronic communications network, in 1997. He served as the Chief Executive Officer and the chairman of the board of directors of Archipelago Holdings, leading a 150 million initial public offering in 2004, and then the company s sale to NYSE in 2006 for nearly 3 billion. Before founding Archipelago Holdings, Jerry had founded Terra Nova Financial, LLC and served as the President from 1994 until 1999. Jerry has served on multiple boards of directors, including SIAC, OptionsHouse LLC, Greenplum, Inc., FX Alliance, LLC, TruMarx Data Partners, Inc. and MediaCrossing. In recognition of his many accomplishments, Jerry was selected as one of Time Magazine s innovators of the 21st century and was a recipient of the Chicago Innovation Visionary Award. He received his undergraduate degree from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. 
 John J. Romanelli

serves as a member of the Company Board. John is an experienced corporate finance executive with transactional and client coverage experience, and has advised boards of directors, chief executive officers and chief financial officers on a wide variety of strategic and financial matters. John is skilled with initial public offerings, acquisition financing, messaging and investor relations and strategic transactions. Additionally, he possesses a keen understanding of participants in the special purpose acquisition companies market and public company governance and responsibilities. Since 2007, John has served as the Founder and Managing Partner at Seahawk Advisory Corp., an advisory boutique. He has advised private and public companies on a variety of 

64 

Table of Contents 
 strategic and financial transactions, including restructuring, M A, investor relations strategies, growth capital and strategies, capital structure and strategic alternatives. Seahawk Advisory Corp. worked on a wide range of issues and transactions with Bill Sandbrook prior to the Company, including numerous acquisitions. Prior to Seahawk Advisory Corp., John was a Senior Managing Director in the Strategic Finance group at Bear Stearns Co., and spent over 20 years in investment banking at Bear Stearns Co., The First Boston Corporation / Credit Suisse First Boston and Prudential-Bache Securities. John holds an MBA in Finance from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and a BBA in Finance from the University of Notre Dame. He is also a Co-Founder of the
 Connacht Whiskey Company, based in Ireland. 
 Special Advisor 

Mario Andretti

serves as our special advisor and is a member of our sponsor. Mario is a legendary figure in the history of motor sports. He took the checkered flag 111 times during his career a career that stretched five decades across six continents. In Indy car competition alone, he is the all-time
 record holder for race starts with 407. The all-time
 lap leader with 7,587. And all-time
 leader in Indy car pole positions won with 67. His 52 IndyCar victories is second on the all-time
 list. He s been inducted into 20 Halls of Fame and remains the only driver to have achieved the racing trifecta: winning the Daytona 500 in 1967, Indy 500 in 1969 and the Formula One World Championship in 1978. He s a four-time IndyCar season champion, and a winner of the IROC title, National Dirt Track Championship and a three-time winner of the 12 Hours of Sebring. 
 In recognition of his achievements, Mario was knighted by his native Italy as Commendatore 

and the Library of Congress in Washington, DC honored him as one of its Living Legends

. 
 Mario retired from full-time competition at the end of 1994 but still remains active in motor sports. He works with Bridgestone/Firestone and MagnaFlow as spokesman. He is Vice Chairman of the Andretti Winery, serves as a partner in a West Coast petroleum business and has his name on the Mario Andretti Racing Experience and Andretti Indoor Karting Games. 

 We currently expect our special advisor to (i) assist us in sourcing and negotiating with potential business combination targets, (ii) provide business insights when we assess potential business combination targets and (iii) upon our request, provide business insights as we work to create additional value in the businesses that we acquire. In this regard, he will fulfill some of the same functions as members of our board of directors. However, he has no written advisory agreement with us. Moreover, our special advisor will not be under any fiduciary obligations to us nor will he perform board or committee functions, nor will he have any voting or decision-making capacity on our behalf. He will also not be required to devote any specific amount of time to our efforts or be subject to the fiduciary requirements to which members of our board of directors are subject. Accordingly, if our special advisor becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the entities to which he has fiduciary or contractual obligations (including other blank check companies), he will honor his fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We may modify or expand our roster of special advisors as we source potential business combination targets or create value in businesses that we may acquire. 

 Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors consists of seven members. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. The first class of directors, consisting of Zakary C. Brown and William J. Sandbrook, were re-elected
 in 2023. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Michael M. Andretti, Cassandra S. Lee and Gerald D. Putnam, will expire at our second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of James W. Keyes and John J. Romanelli, will expire at our third annual general meeting. 
 Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

65 

Table of Contents 
 Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

 Director Independence 

The rules of the NYSE require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our IPO. Our board has determined that each of Zakary C. Brown, James W. Keyes, Cassandra S. Lee, Gerald D. Putnam and John J. Romanelli is an independent director under applicable SEC and NYSE rules. 

 Executive Officer and Director Compensation 

None of our officers or directors have received any compensation for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, officers, directors and their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket

 expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their respective affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket

 expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the Company to our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 
 After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other compensation from the combined company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the completion of our initial business combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

 We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination should be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. 

 Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Both our audit committee and our compensation committee are composed solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in
 rules, the rules of the NYSE and Rule 10A-3
 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and the rules of the NYSE require that the compensation committee and the nominating and corporate governance committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that was approved by our board and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. 

66 

Table of Contents 
 Audit Committee 

The members of our audit committee are Cassandra S. Lee, Gerald D. Putnam and John J. Romanelli, and Cassandra S. Lee serves as the chair of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Cassandra S. Lee qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent auditor s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors; 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and non-audit
 services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval
 policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (1) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K
 promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

The audit committee is governed by a charter that complies with the rules of the NYSE. 

67 

Table of Contents 
 Compensation Committee 

The members of our Compensation Committee are Zakary C. Brown, James W. Keyes and Gerald D. Putnam, and Gerald D. Putnam serves as the chairman of the compensation committee. Under the NYSE listing standards, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Zakary C. Brown, James W. Keyes and Gerald D. Putnam is independent. 

 We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to (or approving, if such authority is so delegated by our board of directors) the compensation, and any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. The charter complies with the rules of the NYSE. 

 However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC. 

 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

The members of our nominating and corporate governance committee are Zakary C. Brown, James W. Keyes and John J. Romanelli, and James W. Keyes serves as the chairman of the nominating committee. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

68 

Table of Contents 
 We adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee, including: 

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of shareholders or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and 

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

The charter also provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search firm s fees and other retention terms. The charter complies with the rules of the NYSE. 

 We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. 

 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. 

 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary shares to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, there were no delinquent filers. 

 Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. 

 You will be able to review these documents by accessing the investor relations section of our website at andrettiacquisition.com. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K.

 Conflicts of Interest 

Our management team is responsible for the management of our affairs. As described above and below, each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties to one or more other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entities. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to 

69 

Table of Contents 
 present such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. 

 Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

duty to exercise independent judgment. 

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. 

 As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders, provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

 Our sponsor and certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities. As a result, if our sponsor s management or any our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

 Our sponsor is involved in variety of different businesses which may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these businesses decide to pursue any such opportunity or have existing investments in the subject company of such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within our sponsor and its management, including by any director affiliated with our sponsor, may be suitable for both us and for our sponsor or its other businesses and, in such a case, will be directed to the sponsor or such other business rather than to us. Neither our sponsor nor, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, any members of our management team who are also employed by our sponsor have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware. Our sponsor and/or members of our management team, in their capacities as officers, directors or employees of our sponsor or in their other endeavors, may choose to present potential business combinations to the related entities described above, current or future businesses in which our sponsor is involved, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us. 

70 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor, sponsor co-investor,
 officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, sponsor co-investor,
 officers and directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time or resources to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time and resources among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. 
 We may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with one or more entities affiliated with our sponsor. Such entity may co-invest
 with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. Any participation by such entity in a Joint Acquisition or co-investment
 may be under terms that are different and more favorable to such entity than those applicable to us. Expenses incurred in connection with any Joint Acquisition or co-investment
 (including any broken deal expenses) may get allocated between us and such entity, which allocation is inherently subjective and creates a conflict of interest between such entity and us. 
 Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships: 

Name of Individual

Entity Name

Entity s Business

Affiliation

Michael M. Andretti 
 
 Andretti Autosport Holding Co, Inc. 
 
 Auto Sports 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Andretti Formula E, Ltd. 
 
 Auto Sports 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 William J. Sandbrook 
 
 Comfort Systems USA, Inc. 
 
 Manufacturing and Mechanical Services 
 
 Director 
 
 William M. Brown 
 
 None 

Zakary C. Brown 
 
 McLaren Racing Limited 
 
 Motor Racing 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 James W. Keyes 
 
 Murphy USA Inc. 
 
 Gasoline Retail 
 
 Director 
 
 Cassandra S. Lee 
 
 AT T Inc. 
 
 Telecommunications 
 
 Chief Audit Executive 

Nisource 
 
 Utility Company 
 
 Director 
 
 Gerald D. Putnam 
 
 None 

John J. Romanelli 
 
 Seahawk Advisory Corp. 
 
 Corporate Finance Advisory 
 
 Founder 

Connacht Whiskey Company 
 
 Alcohol Manufacturer 
 
 Co-Founder
 and Chief Financial Officer 

#1 Cochran Group 
 
 Automotive Retail 
 
 Member of Advisory Board 
 Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us (including as described in Item 1. Business Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets ). These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. 

71 

Table of Contents 
 We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

 We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

 In addition, our sponsor or any of its affiliates may make additional investments in the company in connection with the initial business combination, although our sponsor and its affiliates have no obligation or current intention to do so. If our sponsor or any of its affiliates elects to make additional investments, such proposed investments could influence our sponsor s motivation to complete an initial business combination. 

 If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting. In such case, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. 

 Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We will enter into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We expect to purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

 Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. 

 Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

 We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

72 

Table of Contents 

Item 11.

Executive Compensation. 

None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We pay monthly recurring expenses of 15,000 to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of the initial business combination or our liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. We began incurring these fees on January 12, 2022 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination or our liquidation. 

 Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, or any of their respective affiliates, are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket

 expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, executive officers, directors and our or their affiliates. 
 After the completion of our business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

 We may not take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

We have no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

 The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 25, 2024, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers, directors and director nominees; and 

all our executive officers, directors and director nominees as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Annual Report. 

73 

Table of Contents 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1)

Number of
 Shares
 Beneficially
 Owned

Percentage of
 Outstanding
 Ordinary Shares

Andretti Sponsor LLC (our sponsor) (2)(3)

4,189,077 

30.7 

SOL Verano Blocker 1, LLC (2)

1,430,923 

10.5 

Michael M. Andretti (3)

William M. Brown (3)

Zakary C. Brown (2)

25,000 

James W. Keyes (2)

25,000 

Cassandra S. Lee (2)

30,000 

Gerald D. Putnam (2)

25,000 

John J. Romanelli (2)

25,000 

William J. Sandbrook (3)

All officers and directors as a group (8 individuals)

130,000 

First Trust Merger Arbitrage Fund (4)

1,980,000 

25.1 

Sculptor Capital LP (5)

1,000,000 

12.7 

Radcliffe Capital management, L.P. (6)

637,652 

8.1 

Glazer Capital, LLC (7)

543,937 

6.9 

Walleye Capital LLC (8)

591,580 

7.5 

Wolverine Asset Management, LLC (9)

398,552 

5.1 

Cowen and Company, LLC (10)

569,389 

7.2 

Hudson Bay Capital Management LP (11)

646,078 

8.2 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is 7615 Zionsville Road, Indianapolis, Indiana 46268. 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described under Description of Securities. 

(3) 
 Andretti Sponsor, LLC is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Each of Mr. Michael M. Andretti, Mr. William M. Brown and Mr. William J. Sandbrook are among the members of our sponsor and share voting and investment discretion with respect to the ordinary shares held of record by Andretti Sponsor LLC. In addition, each of Mr. Michael M. Andretti, Mr. William M. Brown and Mr. William J. Sandbrook may be entitled to distributions of private placement warrants from our sponsor following the consummation of our initial business combination. Each of Mr. Michael M. Andretti, Mr. William M. Brown and Mr. William J. Sandbrook disclaims any beneficial ownership of the securities held by Andretti Sponsor LLC, other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest he may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

(4) 
 According to Schedule 13G, filed on September 11, 2023 by First Trust Merger Arbitrage Fund VARBX ), First Trust Capital Management L.P. FTCM ), First Trust Capital Solutions L.P. FTCS and FTCS Sub GP LLC Sub GP ), the business address of FTCM, FTCS and Sub GP is 225 W. Wacker Drive, 21st Floor, Chicago, IL 60606. The principal business address of VARBX is 235 West Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212. As of August 31, 2023, VARBX owned 980,000 shares of the outstanding Ordinary Shares of the Issuer, while FTCM, FTCS and Sub GP collectively owned 1,000,000 shares of the outstanding Ordinary Shares of the Issuer. FTCS and Sub GP may be deemed to control FTCM and therefore may be deemed to be beneficial owners of the shares of SPAC Class A Common Stock reported above. No one individual controls FTCS or Sub GP. FTCS and Sub GP do not own any shares of SPAC Class A Common Stock for their own accounts.. 

74 

Table of Contents 

(5) 
 According to Schedule 13G/A, filed on February 14, 2023 by Sculptor Capital LP Sculptor ), Sculptor Capital II LP Sculptor-II ),
 Sculptor Capital Holding Corporation SCHC ), Sculptor Capital Holding II LLC SCHC-II ),
 Sculptor Capital Management, Inc. SCU ), Sculptor Master Fund, Ltd. SCMF ), Sculptor Special Funding, LP NRMD ), Sculptor Credit Opportunities Master Fund, Ltd. SCCO and Sculptor SC II LP NJGC ). The address of the principal business offices of Sculptor, Sculptor-II,
 SCHC, SCHC-II,
 SCU, SCMF, NRMD, SCCO and NJGC is 9 West 57 Street, 39 Floor, New York, NY 10019. Sculptor is the principal investment manager to a number of private funds and discretionary accounts (collectively, the Accounts ). Sculptor and Sculptor-II
 serve as the principal investment managers to the Accounts and thus may be deemed beneficial owners of the shares of SPAC Class A Common Stock in the Accounts managed by Sculptor and Sculptor-II.
 SCHC-II
 serves as the sole general partner of Sculptor-II
 and is wholly owned by Sculptor. SCHC serves as the sole general partner of Sculptor. As such, SCHC and SCHC-II
 may be deemed to control Sculptor as well as Sculptor-II
 and, therefore, may be deemed to be the beneficial owners of the SPAC Class A Common Stock reported above. SCU is the sole shareholder of SCHC, and may be deemed a beneficial owner of the SPAC Class A Common Stock reported above. 

(6) 
 According to Schedule 13G, filed on September 29, 2023 by Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P., RGC Management Company, LLC, Steven B. Katznelson, Christopher Hinkel, Radcliffe SPAC Master Fund, L.P. and Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC (collectively, the Radcliffe Holders ), the business address of the Radcliffe Holders is 50 Monument Road, Suite 300, Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004. Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. is the relevant entity for which RGC Management Company, LLC, Steven B. Katznelson and Christopher Hinkel may be considered control persons. Radcliffe SPAC Master Fund, L.P. is the relevant entity for which Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC, Steven B. Katznelson and Christopher Hinkel may be considered control persons. 

(7) 
 According to Schedule 13G, filed on February 14, 2024 by Glazer Capital, LLC Glazer Capital and Paul J. Glazer Mr. Glazer and, collectively, the Glazer Holders ). The business address of the Glazer Holders is 250 West 55th Street, Suite 30A, New York, New York 10019. This Schedule 13G was filed by (i) Glazer Capital with respect to the Class A ordinary shares held by certain funds and managed accounts to which Glazer Capital serves as investment manager (collectively, the Glazer Funds and (ii) Mr. Glazer who serves as the Managing Member of Glazer Capital, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares held by the Glazer Funds. 

(8) 
 According to Schedule 13G, filed on February 14, 2024 by Walleye Capital LLC Walleye ). The business address of the Walleye is 315 Park Ave. South New York, NY 10010. 

(9) 
 According to Schedule 13G, filed on February 8, 2024 by Wolverine Asset Management, LLC WAM ), Wolverine Holdings, L.P. Wolverine Holdings ), Wolverine Trading Partners, Inc. WTP ), Christopher L. Gust, Robert R. Bellick (collectively, the Wolverine Holders ). WAM is an investment manager and has voting and dispositive power over 398,552 Class A Ordinary Shares of the Issuer. The sole member and manager of WAM is Wolverine Holdings, L.P.. Robert R. Bellick and Christopher L. Gust may be deemed to control Wolverine Trading Partners, Inc., the general partner of Wolverine Holdings. Each of Wolverine Holdings, Mr. Bellick, Mr. Gust, and WTP have voting and disposition power over 398,789 Class A ordinary shares of the Issuer. The business address of the Wolverine Holders is 175 West Jackson Boulevard, Suite 340, Chicago, IL 60604. 

(10) 
 According to Schedule 13G, filed on February 5, 2024 by Cowen and Company, LLC Cowen ). The business address of Cowen is 599 Lexington Ave. New York, NY 10022. 

(11) 
 According to Schedule 13G, filed on February 6, 2024 by Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Hudson and Sander Gerber (the Hudson Holders ). The business address of the Hudson Holders is 28 Havemeyer Place, 2nd Floor, Greenwich, CT 06830. Hudson serves as the investment manager to HB Strategies LLC, in whose name the securities reported herein are held. As such, Hudson may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of all securities held by HB Strategies LLC. Mr. Gerber serves as the managing member of Hudson Bay Capital GP LLC, which is the general partner of the Investment Manager. Mr. Gerber disclaims beneficial ownership of these securities. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor beneficially owns 30.7 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Our sponsor will have the right to elect all of our directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination as a result of holding all of the founder shares. In addition, because of this ownership block, our initial shareholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions. 

 On January 28, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain of our offering and formation costs in consideration of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. On March 2, 2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000 founder shares to Cassandra S. Lee and 25,000 founder shares to each of Zakary C. Brown, James W. Keyes, Gerald D. Putnam and John J. Romanelli, resulting in our sponsor holding 7,057,500 founder shares. On November 17, 2021, our sponsor surrendered an aggregate of 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares for no consideration, thereby reducing the aggregate number of Class B ordinary shares held by our sponsor to 5,620,000 founder shares. Immediately prior to the IPO, the Sponsor forfeited 1,430,923 Founder Shares in connection with the issuance of founder shares to the sponsor co-investor.

 Concurrently with the completion of the IPO, our sponsor and sponsor co-investor
 purchased an aggregate of 13,550,000 warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, or 13,550,000 in the aggregate. An aggregate of 235,750,000 was placed in a trust account at the time of closing of the IPO. Each whole private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. 
 Our sponsor and our executive officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence below for additional information regarding our relationships with our promoters. 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

On January 28, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain of our offering and formation costs in consideration of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. On March 2, 2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000 founder shares to Cassandra S. Lee and 25,000 founder shares to each of Zakary C. Brown, James W. Keyes, Gerald D. Putnam and John J. Romanelli, resulting in our sponsor holding 7,057,500 founder shares. On November 17, 2021, our sponsor surrendered an aggregate of 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares for no consideration, thereby reducing the aggregate number of Class B ordinary shares held by our sponsor to 5,620,000 founder shares. Immediately prior to the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor forfeited 1,430,923 founder shares in connection with the issuance of founder shares to the sponsor co-investor.
 
 Our sponsor and sponsor co-investor
 purchased 13,550,000 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. As such, our sponsor s interest in the IPO is valued at 13,550,000. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 
 We entered into an Administrative Services Agreement pursuant to which we will also pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 15,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation of our initial business combination takes the maximum 24 months, an affiliate of our sponsor will be paid a total of 360,000 15,000 per month) for office space, administrative and support services and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket

 expenses. 

76 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor, officers and directors or any of their respective affiliates are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket

 expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that are made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their respective affiliates and determines which expenses and the amount of expenses that would be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket

 expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 
 We have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans (if any). The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement, dated as of January 12, 2022, requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to Class A ordinary shares). The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up
 period, which occurs: (i) in the case of the founder shares, on the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
 day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (2) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 
 Related Party Policy 

We had not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions as of the completion of the IPO. Accordingly, the transactions discussed were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

 After the completion of the IPO, we adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations would include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. 

 In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter, was responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we entered into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present was required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee constitutes a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee was required to approve a related party transaction. Our audit committee reviewed on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or any of their affiliates. 

 These procedures were intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

 To further minimize conflicts of interest, we agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of 

77 

Table of Contents 
 independent and disinterested directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. There would be no finder s fees, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or our or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, the following payments would be, or have been, made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, and, if made prior to our initial business combination would be made from (i) funds held outside the trust account or (ii) permitted withdrawals: 

payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of a total of 15,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space, administrative and support services; 

reimbursement for any out-of-pocket

 expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. 

These payments may be funded using the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants not held in the trust account or, upon completion of the initial business combination, from any amounts remaining from the proceeds of the trust account released to us in connection therewith. 

Item 14

 .

Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

 Audit Fees

. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end
 financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, and other required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 totaled 164,715 and 93,215, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 
 Audit-Related Fees.

 During the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 0 for the services Marcum performed in connection with our Initial Public Offering. 
 Tax Fees

. During the year December 31, 2023 and 2022, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 
 All Other Fees

. During the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. 
 Pre-Approval
 Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
 all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
 all auditing services and permitted non-audit
 services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit
 services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

78 

Table of Contents 

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K:

(1) 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 688) 

F-2

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

F-3

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

F-4

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 

F-5

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-7

(2) 
 Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit

Number

Description

2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2023, by and among the SPAC, Tigre Merger Sub, Inc. and Zapata Computing, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 2.1 filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on September 6, 2023, 2022). 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 19, 2022). 

3.2 
 
 Amendments to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 filed to the registration statement on Form S-4 filed by the Company on October 27, 2023). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on December 17, 2021). 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on December 17, 2021). 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on December 17, 2021). 

4.4 
 
 Public Warrant Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 19, 2022). 

4.5 
 
 Private Warrant Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 19, 2022). 

79 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit

Number

Description

4.6 
 
 Description of Securities of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 filed with the Company s current report on Form 10-K filed by the Registrant on March 17, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Promissory Note, dated January 28, 2021, issued to the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on December 17, 2021). 

10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, among the Registrant and its officers, directors and Andretti Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 19, 2022). 

10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 19, 2022). 

10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, among the Registrant and certain securityholders named therein (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 19, 2022). 

10.5 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated January 28, 2021, between the Registrant and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on December 17, 2021). 

10.6 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, between the Registrant and Andretti Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 19, 2022). 

10.7 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, between the Registrant and SOL Verano Blocker 1 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 19, 2022). 

10.8 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, between the Registrant and Michael M. Andretti (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 19, 2022). 

10.9 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, between the Registrant and William J. Sandbrook (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 19, 2022). 

10.10 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, between the Registrant and William M. Brown (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 19, 2022). 

10.11 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, between the Registrant and Zakary C. Brown (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 19, 2022). 

10.12 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, between the Registrant and James W. Keyes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 19, 2022). 

80 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit

Number

Description

10.13 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, between the Registrant and Cassandra S. Lee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 19, 2022). 

10.14 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, between the Registrant and Gerald D. Putnam (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 19, 2022). 

10.15 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, between the Registrant and John J. Romanelli (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 19, 2022). 

10.16 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Andretti Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 19, 2022). 

10.17 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated as of January 12, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Sol Verano Blocker 1 LLC (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.15 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 19, 2022). 

10.18 
 
 Promissory Note, dated January 25, 2023, issued to the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on March 27, 2023). 

10.19 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 21, 2023, issued to William M. Brown (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on March 27, 2023). 

10.20 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 21, 2023, issued to Michael M. Andretti (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on March 27, 2023). 

10.21 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 21, 2023, issued to William J. Sandbrook (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on March 27, 2023). 

10.22 
 
 Form of Stockholder Support Agreement (Individual - Common Stock) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 6, 2023). 

10.23 
 
 Form of Stockholder Support Agreement (Entity - Preferred Stock) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 6, 2023). 

10.24 
 
 Amended and Restated Sponsor Support Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed to the registration statement on Form S-4 filed by the Company on October 27, 2023). 

10.25 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement (Common Stockholders) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 6, 2023). 

10.26 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement (Preferred Stockholders) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 6, 2023). 

81 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit
 Number

Description

10.27 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 6, 2023). 

10.28 
 
 Form of Non-Redemption Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on July 6, 2023). 

10.29 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2023, among Andretti Acquisition Corp., Zapata Computing, Inc. and Lincoln Park Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 filed to the Registration Statement of Form S-4 filed by the Company on December 22, 2023). 

10.30 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2023, among Andretti Acquisition Corp., Zapata Computing, Inc. and Lincoln Park Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 filed to the Registration Statement of Form S-4 filed by the Company on December 22, 2023). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

82 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Indianapolis, Indiana, on the 25th day of March, 2024 .

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP.

By: 
 
 /s/ William J. Sandbrook

Name: 
 
 William J. Sandbrook 

Title: 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the

 Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer)

By: 
 
 /s/ William M. Brown

Name: 
 
 William M. Brown 

Title: 
 
 President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal

 Financial and Accounting Officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Name

Position

Date

/s/ William J. Sandbrook

Co-Chief
 
Executive Officer, 
 
 March 25, 2024

William J. Sandbrook 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Michael M. Andretti

Co-Chief
 
Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 25, 2024

Michael M. Andretti 

/s/ William M. Brown

President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 25, 2024

William M. Brown 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Zakary C. Brown

Director 
 
 March 25, 2024

Zakary C. Brown 

/s/ James W. Keyes

Director 
 
 March 25, 2024

James W. Keyes 

/s/ Cassandra S. Lee

Director 
 
 March 25, 2024

Cassandra S. Lee 

/s/ Gerald D. Putman

Director 
 
 March 25, 2024

Gerald D. Putman 

/s/ John J. Romanelli

Director 
 
 March 25, 2024

John J. Romanelli 

83

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 688) 

F-2

Consolidated Financial Statements:

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

F-3

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

F-4

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 

F-5

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-7 to F-33

F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
 Andretti Acquisition Corp. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Andretti Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes 

(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has minimal cash, a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. In addition, the Company currently has less than 12 months to complete a business combination and, if unsuccessful, may be required to cease all operations, redeem public shares, liquidate and dissolve. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit s

. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion .

 /s/ Marcum 
 LLP

 Marcum 
 LLP

 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 Los Angeles, CA 
 March 25, 2024 
 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31,

 2023

December 31,

 2022

ASSETS

Current assets

Cash

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total Current Assets

Prepaid insurance, long-term

Marketable securities held in Trust Account

TOTAL ASSETS

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

Current liabilities

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Accrued interest payable related party

Accrued offering costs

Total Current Liabilities

Convertible note - related party

Deferred legal fee

Deferred underwriting fee payable

Total Liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 6)

par value; and shares issued and outstanding at redemption value of and per share as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively

Shareholders Deficit

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022

Additional paid-in
 capital

Accumulated deficit

() 

() 

Total Shareholders Deficit

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended

 December 31,

Year Ended

 December 31,

2023

2022

Formation costs, professional fees and general and administrative costs

Loss from operations

Other income (expense):

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account

Change in fair value of Convertible Promissory Notes Related Party

() 

Interest expense Convertible Promissory Notes Related Party

() 

Other income

Net (loss) income

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share, Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share, Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Class B

 Ordinary Shares

Additional

 Paid-in

Capital

Accumulated

 Deficit

Total

 Shareholders 

 Deficit

Shares

Amount

Balance December 31, 2021

Sale of Private Placement Warrants

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants

Forfeiture of Class B shares by Sponsor for reissuance to Anchor Investor (1)

() 

() 

Purchase of Class B shares by Anchor Investor including excess fair value over purchase price

Value of transaction costs allocated to fair value equity instruments

() 

() 
 
 Remeasurement for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net Income

Balance December 31, 2022

Proceeds received in excess of fair value of convertible promissory notes

Remeasurement for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2023

(1)
 
 Excluded an aggregate of up to Class B ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised (see Note 5). On November 17, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered an aggregate of Founder Shares for consideration, thereby reducing the aggregate number of Founder Shares held by the Sponsor to Founder Shares. All share and per-share
 amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the reverse share split on Founder Shares (see Note 5). On January 22, 2022, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option resulting in forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F-5 

Table of Contents 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended

 December 31,

Year Ended

 December 31,

2023

2022

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net (loss) income

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities:

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account

() 

() 
 
 Change in fair value of Convertible Promissory Note related party

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

() 
 
 Prepaid insurance, long-term

() 
 
 Accrued expenses

Accrued interest payable

Deferred legal fee payable

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Investment of cash into Trust Account

() 
 
 Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds from issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Anchor Investor

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants

Proceeds from promissory note related party

Repayment of promissory note related party

() 
 
 Proceeds from convertible promissory note - related party

Redemption of ordinary shares

() 

Payment of offering costs

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

Net Change in Cash

Cash Beginning of period

Cash End of period

Non-Cash
 investing and financing activities:

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount

Proceeds received from convertible promissory notes in excess of initial fair value

Offering costs accrued

Excess fair value of Founder shares attributable to Anchor Investor

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount

Deferred underwriting fee payable

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F-6 

Table of Contents 

. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, consolidation share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a Business Combination ). On August 18, 2023, the Company formed Tigre Merger Sub, Inc. a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 
 The Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 
 All activity for the period from January 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2023 relates to the Company s formation, the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering ), which is described below, and subsequent to the Initial Public Offering, identifying a target company for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating
 income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. 
 On January 18, 2022, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares or the Class A Ordinary Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of its over-allotment option in the amount of Units at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and, collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Andretti Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor and a third party institutional accredited investor (the Sponsor Co-Investor ),
 generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 
 Transaction costs amounted to , consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees, for the fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to the Sponsor Co-Investors (see
 Note 5), and of other offering costs. 
 Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on January 18, 2022, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), to be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7
 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below. 
 The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The stock exchange listing rules require that the Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company. 

per Public Share), including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to certain limitations as described in the prospectus. The per-share
 amount to be distributed to the Public Shareholders who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). There will be no redemption rights in connection with a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. 
 The Company will not redeem Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than (so that it does not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to the Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law approving a Business Combination, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company, or such other vote as required by law or stock exchange rule. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares, without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination and the Company does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 
 The Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
 business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval of any such amendment at aper-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the Trust account and not previously released to pay taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares. 
 The Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association previously provided that the Company will have (i) the -month
 period from the closing of the Initial Public Offering in which the Company must complete a Business Combination, (ii) the -month
 or -month,
 as applicable, period from the closing of the Initial Public Offering in which the Company must complete a Business Combination if the Sponsor has extended the period of time for the Company to complete a Business Combination by purchasing additional Private Placement Warrants, or (iii) such other extended time period in which the Company must complete a Business Combination pursuant to an amendment to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Combination Period ). At the special meeting of the Company held on July 14, 2023, shareholders of the Company approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the Combination Period to April 18, 2024. However, if the Company has not completed a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all 

of the Public Shares, at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish the rights of the Public Shareholders as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining Public Shareholders and its Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 
 In connection with the July 14, 2023 special meeting, shareholders holding an aggregate of of the Company s Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares prior to the redemption deadline on July 12, 2023. Following the withdrawals from the trust account in connection with such redemptions, approximately million remained in the trust account (based on the redemption amount of per share). 
 The Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares it will receive if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or any of its respective affiliates acquire Public Shares, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, and in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ). 

per Public Share and (2) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share, due to reductions in the value of trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 
 Risks and Uncertainties 

 In February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy is not determinable as of the date of these consolidated financial statements. The specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these consolidated financial statements. 
 Going Concern Consideration 

 As of December 31, 2023, we had cash of and working capital deficit of . 
 Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds held outside the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating target businesses, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structuring, negotiating and completing a Business Combination. 
 The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. The Company will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. If the Company is unable to complete the Business Combination because it does not have sufficient funds available, the Company will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern one year from the date that these consolidated financial statements are issued. 
 In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15,
 Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs as well as complete a Business Combination by April 18, 2024 (or such later date as may be approved by shareholder vote), then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and the date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to consummate a business combination prior to the mandatory liquidation date. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after April 18, 2024 (or such later date as may be approved by shareholder vote). 
 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

of the Company s Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares prior to the redemption deadline on July 12, 2023. Following the withdrawals from the trust account in connection with such redemptions, approximately million remained in the trust account (based on the redemption amount of per share). 

, consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees, for the fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to the Sponsor Co-Investor (see
 Note 5), and of other offering costs. Offering costs are allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis, compared to the total proceeds received. Offering costs associated with the Class A ordinary shares were charged against their carrying value and offering costs associated with the warrants were charged to additional paid-in
 capital. 

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 
 The Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Company s tax provision was for the periods presented. 

Class A ordinary shares in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had dilutive securities that are Public Warrants that could potentially be exercised into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. The warrants are not exercisable until days after the completion of a Business Combination. As a result, diluted net (loss) income per ordinary share is the same as basic net (loss) income per ordinary share for the periods presented. 

() 

Denominator:

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per ordinary share

() 

() 

. The Company had not experienced losses on this account. 

Units, which included a full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 7). 
 Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of , in a private placement transaction. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase Class A Ordinary Share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 
 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 to cover certain offering and formation costs of the Company in consideration for Class B Ordinary Shares (the Founder Shares ). On March 2, 2021, the Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to Cassandra S. Lee for the consideration of (approximately per share) and Founder Shares to each of Zakary C. Brown, James W. Keyes, Gerald D. Putnam and John J. Romanelli, in each case for the consideration of (approximately per Founder Share), resulting in the Sponsor holding Founder Shares. On November 17, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered an aggregate of Founder Shares for no consideration, thereby reducing the aggregate number of Founder Shares held by the Sponsor to Founder Shares. Immediately prior to the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor forfeited 1,430,923 Founder Shares in connection with the issuance of Founder Shares to the Sponsor Co-Investor.
 
 The Company entered into agreements with the Sponsor Co-Investor,
 pursuant to which such Sponsor Co-Investor
 purchased (i) an aggregate of approximately of the issued and outstanding, or Founder Shares, and (ii) an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants from the Sponsor immediately prior to the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Sponsor Co-Investor
 entered into an agreement to vote all of the Founder Shares it owns in favor of an initial Business Combination and will also agree not to redeem any Founder Shares it owns in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Sponsor Co-Investor
 was not granted any material additional shareholder or other rights, other than the Founder Shares. 
 Subject to the Sponsor Co-Investor
 purchasing of the Founder Shares allocated to it, in connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor sold an aggregate of 1,430,923 Founder Shares to the Sponsor Co-Investor
 at their original purchase price of . per share. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to the Sponsor Co-Investor
 to be , or per share. The excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares was determined to be a contribution to the Company from the founders in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 5T and an offering cost in accordance with SAB Topic 5A. Accordingly, the offering costs were recorded against additional paid in capital in accordance with the accounting of other offering costs. 
 The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier of (A) after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
 share dividends, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any30-tradingday period commencing at least days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property. 
 On July 6, 2023, the Company and Sponsor, entered into non-redemption
 agreements (the Non-Redemption
 Agreements with unaffiliated third parties (the Investors ). Pursuant to the Non-Redemption
 Agreements, the Investors agreed not to redeem an aggregate of million Class A ordinary shares of the Company (the Non-Redeemed
 Shares in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting held. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such shares, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer to the Investors an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares of the Company held by the Sponsor immediately following consummation of an initial business combination if the Investors continue to hold such Non-Redeemed
 Shares through the Extraordinary General Meeting. The transfer of these shares are contingent upon the business combination, as such no expense has been recorded as of December 31, 2023. 
 Administrative Support Agreement 

The Company entered into an agreement commencing on January 12, 2022 through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of per month for office space and administrative and support services. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company incurred in fees for these services, of which are recorded as accrued expenses in the balance sheet. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred and paid in fees for these services. 

. On December 17, 2021, the Company and the Sponsor agreed to amend the Promissory Note to increase the aggregate principal amount of the Promissory Note to and to change the date by which the Promissory Note was payable. The Promissory Note, as amended, was non-interest
 bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2022 and the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The total outstanding loan of was repaid at the time of the Initial Public Offering, on January 18, 2022. Borrowings under the Promissory Note are no longer available. 

, , , and , respectively. The proceeds of the Notes, which may be drawn down from time to time until the Company consummates the initial Business Combination, will be used for general working capital purposes. The Notes bear interest of per annum and are payable in full upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which the Company consummates an initial business combination or (ii) the liquidation date of the Company in accordance with its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. A failure to pay the principal and accrued interest within five business days of the date specified above or the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action shall be deemed an event of default, in which case the Notes may be accelerated. At the election of the Payees, up to of the principal amounts of the Notes may be converted into private placement warrants of the Company, with such terms as are described in the prospectus included in the registration statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-254627)
 filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission and declared effective on January 12, 2022, at a price of per warrant. The terms of the Conversion Warrants would be identical to the warrants issued by the Company to the Sponsor in a private placement that was consummated in connection with the Initial Public Offering. The Payees shall be entitled to certain registration rights relating to the Conversion Warrants. The issuance of the Note s
 was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company will repay the Notes out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Notes will be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Notes, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used to repay the Notes. On May 17, 2023, the notes were amended and restated to increase the total borrowing amounts to for Michael M. Andretti, for William J. Sandbrook, and for William M. Brown. On May 23, 2023, the notes were amended and restated to increase the total borrowing amounts to for Michael M. Andretti, for William J. Sandbrook, and for William M. Brown. The notes are payable upon the earlier of the liquidation of the Company or the consummation of initial business combination. 
 At December 31, 2023, there was of cumulative cash advanced under the Notes. The Notes were accounted for at fair value in accordance with ASC 820. The initial advances on the Notes totaling , consisting of draws of at January 26, 2023, at March 29, 2023, at April 27, 2023, at May 19, 2023, at June 2, 2023 and at August 31, 2023 were valued at as of January 26, 2023, as of March 29, 2023, at April 27, 2023, at May 19, 2023, at June 2, 2023, at August 31, 2023 and on November 1, 2023 whereas the collective difference of was recorded as a credit to shareholders deficit. The change in the fair value
 of the note recorded in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023, was , resulting in a fair value of the Notes of (see Note 8). 

per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 
 On September 25, 2023, the Company received a letter from RBC Capital Markets, LLC waiving their rights to the deferred underwriting fee subject to the closing of the announced proposed business combination with Zapata Computing. 

is due and payable solely upon successful completion of a Business Combination. As such, this fee is not reflected on the Company s consolidated statements of operation or consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2023. 
 On December 22, 2022, the Company entered into an engagement letter with KPMG LLP KPMG ), pursuant to which KPMG will assist the Company in performing due diligence in connection with the initial Business Combination. The Company paid a and fee in January 2023 and March 2023, respectively, to KPMG in connection with this arrangement. The fees in connection with the services rendered are expensed as incurred and are payable upon the earlier of the termination of KPMG s engagement and the closing of the Initial Business Combination. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company paid towards this engagement and no further balance is due. 
 On January 24, 2023, the Company entered into a letter agreement with Kroll, LLC Duff Phelps ), pursuant to which Duff Phelps will serve as an independent financial advisor to the Board of the Company and will provide a fairness opinion regarding the initial Business Combination. The Company paid a non-refundable
 retainer fee in January 2023 to Duff Phelps in connection with this arrangement. The Company has agreed to pay Duff Phelps an additional (i) fee payable upon Duff Phelps informing the Company that it is prepared to deliver a fairness opinion in connection with the initial Business Combination and (ii) fee payable upon closing of the initial Business Combination. As of December 31, 2023, the opinion was delivered as such, the Company paid . As of December 31, 2023, the Company incurred fees totaling , of which is included in accrued expenses on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 On January 24, 2023, the Company entered into an engagement letter with Cassels Brock Blackwell LLP Cassels ), pursuant to which Cassels will represent the Company as Canadian counsel in connection with the initial Business Combination. The fees in connection with the services rendered are expensed as incurred. As of December 31, 2023 the Company recorded to accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 On February 3, 2023, the Company entered into an engagement letter with Macfarlanes LLP Macfarlanes ), pursuant to which Macfarlanes will represent the Company as English law counsel in connection with the initial Business Combination. The fees in connection with the services rendered are expensed as incurred. As of December 31, 2023 the Company had paid Macfarlanes . The Company does not expect to incur any additional costs from this agreement. 
 On April 12, 2023, the Company entered into an engagement letter with KPMG LLP KPMG ), pursuant to which KPMG will assist the Company in performing due diligence in connection with a prospective initial Business Combination. The Company paid a total of in fees in April and May 2023 to KPMG in connection with this arrangement. In connection with the engagement letter, an additional is due and payable upon successful completion of the Business Combination with a specified target company. The fees in connection with the services rendered are expensed as incurred. 
 On June 12, 2023, the Company entered into a letter agreement with MacKenzie Partners, Inc. MacKenzie ), pursuant to which MacKenzie provided advisory, consulting and proxy solicitation services for the Extraordinary General Meeting. The Company agreed to pay MacKenzie a fee of plus expenses, payable following the conclusion of the Extraordinary General Meeting. As of December 31, 2023 the Company incurred and paid of fees to Mackenzie. 
 On June 26, 2023, the Company entered into an engagement letter with Bass, Berry Sims PLC Bass, Berry Sims ), pursuant to which Bass, Berry Sims will represent the Company as outside counsel in connection with the initial Business Combination. The fees in connection with the services rendered are expensed as incurred. As of December 31, 2023, the Company has paid and there are no accrued expenses related to this agreement on the consolidated balance sheet. No further fees are expected in connection with this agreement. 
 On August 28, 2023, the Company entered into an engagement letter with Dentons UK and Middle East LLP Dentons ), pursuant to which Dentons will provide legal advising on any filings requirements as a result of the transaction in Spain or 

in fees which are included in accrued expenses on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company does expect to incur any additional costs from this agreement. 
 On November 7, 2023, the Company entered into a letter agreement with MacKenzie, pursuant to which MacKenzie provided advisory, consulting and proxy solicitation services for the Extraordinary General Meeting in connection with the approval of the Zapata Business Combination. The Company agreed to pay MacKenzie a fee of plus expenses, payable following the conclusion of the Extraordinary General Meeting. As of December 31, 2023, the Company accrued of fees to Mackenzie which would be due should the Extraordinary General Meeting not occur. 

and , respectively, of deferred legal fees to be paid to the Company s legal advisors upon consummation of the Business Combination, which are included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Engagement Letter 

On July 4, 2023, the Company entered into an engagement letter with Cohen Company Capital Markets Cohen ), pursuant to which Cohen will act as capital markets advisor to the Company in connection with the initial Business Combination. The Company agreed to pay Cohen a fee of (i) in cash payable upon the closing of the initial Business Combination, plus (ii) in either cash or post-Business Combination equity, payable 180 days after the closing of the initial Business Combination plus (iii) payable in either cash or post-Business Combination equity, payable 270 calendar days following the initial Business Combination. 
 On July 5, 2023, the Company entered into an engagement letter with Kroll Associates, Inc. Kroll ), pursuant to which Kroll will provide due diligence services in connection with the initial Business Combination. 
 Non-Redemption
 Agreements 

On July 6, 2023, the Company and Sponsor, entered into non-redemption
 agreements (the Non-Redemption
 Agreements with unaffiliated third parties (the Investors ). Pursuant to the Non-Redemption
 Agreements, the Investors agreed not to redeem an aggregate of million Class A ordinary shares of the Company (the Non-Redeemed
 Shares in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting held. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such shares, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer to the Investors an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares of the Company held by the Sponsor immediately following consummation of an initial business combination if the investors continue to hold such Non-Redeemed
 Shares through the Extraordinary General Meeting. As a result of the transfer of the shares only occurring at the consummation of an initial business combination, no expense has been recorded as of December 31, 2023. Upon the consummation of the initial business combination, the Company will record an expense which is representative of a capital contribution from the Sponsor. 
 On July 14, 2023, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of the Company s shareholders (the Extraordinary General Meeting ). At the Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company s shareholders approved amendments (the Articles Amendment to the Articles to (i) extend the date by which the Company must consummate its initial business combination from July 18, 2023 to April 18, 2024, or such earlier date as determined by the Company s board of directors in its sole and absolute discretion (the Extension ), and (ii) eliminate the limitation that the Company shall not redeem its Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units sold in the Company s initial public offering (such shares, including any shares issued in exchange thereof, the public shares that was consummated on January 18, 2022 (the IPO to the extent that such redemption would cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than (the Redemption Limitation ). 
 In connection with the July 14, 2023 special meeting, shareholders holding an aggregate of of the Company s Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares prior to the redemption deadline on July 12, 2023. Following the withdrawals from the trust account in connection with such redemptions, approximately million remained in the trust account (based on the redemption amount of per share). 
 Business Combination Agreement 

On September 6, 2023, Andretti Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company incorporated with limited liability, entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as it may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement with Tigre Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub and Zapata Computing, Inc., a Delaware corporation Zapata ). 

per share (the Zapata Preferred Stock will be converted the right to receive a number of newly issued shares of New Parent Common Stock equal to the Per Share Preferred Stock Consideration (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement; 

(ii) 
 each share of Zapata s common stock, par value of (the Zapata Common Stock will be converted into the right to receive a number of newly issued shares of New Parent Common Stock equal to the Per Share Common Stock Consideration (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement; and 

(iii) 
 each option to purchase shares of Zapata s common stock, whether or not exercisable and whether or not vested (each, a Zapata Option will automatically be converted into an option to purchase, on the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such Zapata Option immediately prior to the Effective Time, including applicable vesting conditions, a number of shares of New Parent Common Stock determined in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement. 

The aggregate value of the consideration that the holders of Zapata s securities collectively shall be entitled to receive from Company in connection with the Business Combination shall not exceed (calculated with each share of New Parent Common Stock deemed to have a value of per share). 

for twenty ) trading days in a thirty )-trading day period commencing at least one hundred and fifty ) days after the Closing (or in the event of a liquidation, merger or other similar event); and (c) the continued lock-up
 of the private placement warrants until thirty 30) days following Closing. 
 Additionally, the Sponsor Support Agreement provides that the Sponsor Shares are subject to certain vesting and forfeiture conditions based on: (a) the total dollar amount of cash or cash equivalents available in the Trust Account after any redemptions plus (b) the total amount of financing raised by both SPAC and Zapata (including any bridge financing raised by Zapata prior to the Closing Date) to be consummated prior to the consummation of the Merger (all such amounts, the Closing Available Cash as follows: 

If the Closing Available Cash is an amount equal to million or more, then all Sponsor Shares will be fully vested; 

If the Closing Available Cash is million or less, then of the Sponsor Shares will be unvested and subject to forfeiture; and 

If the Closing Available Cash is more than million but less than million then the number of Sponsor Shares that will be unvested and subject to forfeiture will be determined by straight line interpolation between zero and of the number of Sponsor Shares. 

Any Sponsor Shares subject to vesting will become vested if, within three years of the Closing, the closing price of the New Company Common Stock on the NYSE (or other exchange or other market where the New Company Common Stock is then traded) equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any trading days within any trading day period, or if there is a change of control of the Company. If neither of these events occur within three years of the Closing, then the unvested Sponsor Shares will be forfeited. 

of shares of common stock, par value per share, of the Surviving Company New Company Common Stock from time to time over a 36-month
 period following the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing and upon the satisfaction of certain other conditions set forth in the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement. The Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement is subject to certain limitations including, but not limited to, the filing and effectiveness of the registration statement covering shares of New Company Common Stock that are issuable to Lincoln Park under the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement (the Lincoln Park Registration Statement ). Pursuant to the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement, the Surviving Company will pay Lincoln Park a commitment fee of (the Commitment Fee as follows: (i) on the business day prior to the filing of the Lincoln Park Registration Statement, in shares of New Company Common Stock and (ii) on the business day prior to the filing of the Lincoln Park Registration Statement, the Surviving Company may elect to pay the remaining amount of the Commitment Fee in either cash or shares of New Company Common Stock. The Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement further provides that the Surviving Company may not issue any securities pursuant to the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement if such issuance would reasonably be expected to result in a violation of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act or a breach of the rules and regulations of the principal market on which the New Company Common Stock is traded. 
 In connection with the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement, on December 19, 2023, Andretti and Zapata also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Lincoln Park Registration Rights Agreement with Lincoln Park, pursuant to which the Surviving Company has agreed to file the Lincoln Park Registration Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC within forty-five (45) days following the Closing. 

F-27 

Table of Contents 
 preference shares with a par value of per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 
 Class

A Ordinary Shares

The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, there are and Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption and presented as temporary equity, respectively. 
 Class

B Ordinary Shares

The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. Holders of the Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 
 Only holders of the Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders of Class A Ordinary Shares and Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, except as required by law. In connection with a Business Combination, the Company may enter into a shareholder s agreement or other arrangements with the shareholders of the target or other investors to provide for voting or other governance arrangements that differ from those in effect upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

 The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A Ordinary Shares at the time of a Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
 basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A Ordinary Shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of a Business Combination, excluding Class A Ordinary Shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A Ordinary Shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller of an interest in the target to the Company in a Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the Company s management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A Ordinary Shares at a rate of less than one-to-one.

Warrants

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 there are Public Warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of Class A Ordinary Shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable days after the completion of a Business Combination. The Public Warrants will expire from the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A Ordinary Shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue a Class A Ordinary Share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A Ordinary Share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. 

business days after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part or a new registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days following the closing a Business Combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such post-effective amendment or registration statement and a current prospectus relating thereto until the expiration or redemption of the Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the public warrant agreement. If such post-effective amendment or registration statement covering the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of a Business Combination, holders of the Public Warrants may, until such time as there is an effective post-effective amendment or registration statement and during any other period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Public Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. In addition, if the Class A Ordinary Shares are at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of the Public Warrants who exercise their Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will (x) not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and (y) use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify for sale the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

 Redemption of Public Warrants. Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per Public Warrant; 

upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A Ordinary Shares has been at least per share (subject to adjustment in compliance with the public warrant agreement) for any ten
 trading days within the -trading-day

 period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the Public Warrants. 
 
 The Company will not redeem the Public Warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A Ordinary Shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period or the Company elected to require the exercise of the Public Warrants on a cashless basis as described below. If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

 If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, as described above, its management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the Public Warrants for that number of Class A Ordinary Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A Ordinary Shares underlying the Public Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (as defined below) of the Class A Ordinary Shares over the exercise price of the Public Warrants by (y) the fair market value. Solely for purposes of this 

per Class A Ordinary Share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or holders of the Class B ordinary shares or their respective affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor, holders of the Class B ordinary shares or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of its Class A Ordinary Shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day after the day on which the Company consummates its Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and, the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 there are Private Placement Warrants outstanding. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and are non-redeemable.
 
 The warrant agreements contain a provision wherein warrant holders can receive an alternative issuance (as defined in the applicable warrant agreement), including as a result of a tender offer that constitutes a change of control. 

Liabilities:

Convertible promissory notes related party

3 

Time to Expiration (in years)

Expected volatility

Exercise price

Dividend yield

Share Price

Probability of transaction

Borrowings

Proceeds received in excess of initial fair value of convertible promissory notes

() 
 
 Change in fair value

Fair value as of December 31, 2023

There were transfers in or out of Level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy during the year ended December 31, 2023 for the convertible promissory notes. 

on the Notes. Resulting in cash advanced under the Notes of . 
 On February 13, 2024, we held an extraordinary general meeting of our shareholders (the February 2024 Meeting to approve, among other matters, the proposed Business Combination between the Company and Zapata. As the February 2024 Meeting our shareholders approved the Business Combination, which is expected to close promptly after satisfaction or waiver of all remaining closing conditions. In connection with the February 2024 Meeting, shareholders holding an aggregate of of Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem. Such amounts represented approximately of the remaining Class A shares outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 
 On March 11, 2024, the Company was advanced on the Notes. The cumulative cash advanced under the Notes as of this filing was .

On March 25, 2024, the Company entered into a non-redemption
 agreement (the Non-Redemption
 Agreement ), with Sandia Investment Management LP on behalf of certain funds, investors, entities or accounts for which it or its affiliates acts as manager, sponsor or advisor (the Investors ). Pursuant to such Non-Redemption
 Agreement, each Investor agreed to rescind or reverse any previously submitted redemption demand of the ordinary shares of the Company held or to be acquired by such Investor (the Investor Shares up to ordinary shares in the aggregate. 
 Upon consummation of the Business Combination, the Company shall pay or cause to be paid to the Investors a payment in respect of their respective Investor Shares from cash released from the trust account established in connection with Company s initial public offering equal to the number of Investor Shares multiplied by the Redemption Price, minus the number of Investor Shares multiplied by . 
 On March 25, 2024, the Company entered into a Confirmation of an OTC Equity Prepaid Forward Transaction (the Forward Purchase Agreement with Sandia Investment Management LP, acting on behalf of certain funds (collectively, Sandia or the Seller ). Pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement, Sandia will purchase concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination pursuant to the FPA Funding Amount PIPE Subscription Agreement (as defined below), an aggregate of shares of common stock of Zapata Computing Holdings Inc., less the number of any shares of Class A ordinary shares purchased by the Investors separately from third parties through a broker in the open market Recycled Shares ). Sandia intends, but is not obligated, to purchase Recycled Shares from third parties (other than the Company) through a broker in the open market (other than through the Company). Sandia will not be required to purchase an amount of Zapata Common Stock such that, following such purchase, Sandia s ownership would exceed of the total number of shares of Zapata Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such purchase, unless Sandia, at its sole discretion, waives such ownership limitation. The number of shares subject to the Forward Purchase Agreement (the Number of Shares is subject to reduction following a termination of the Forward Purchase Agreement with respect to such shares. 
 The Forward Purchase Agreement provides that Sandia will be paid directly by the Counterparty an aggregate cash amount (the Prepayment Amount equal to the product of (i) the Number of Shares as set forth in a pricing date notice to be delivered to the Counterparty and (ii) the redemption price per share as defined in Article 51.5 of Andretti s Amended and Restated Articles of Association, effective as of January 12, 2022, as amended on July 14, 2023 (the Articles of Association, and such redemption price, the Initial Price ). Such Prepayment Amount will be paid, in the case of Recycled Shares, with proceeds from Andretti s Trust Account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company holding the net proceeds of the sale of the units in Andretti s initial public offering and the sale of private placement warrants (the Trust Account no later than the earlier of (a) one business day after the closing date of the Business Combination and (b) the date any assets from the Trust Account are disbursed in connection with the Business Combination. The Prepayment Amount for Additional Shares (as defined below) will be netted against the proceeds that Sandia is to pay for the purchase of Additional Shares pursuant to the terms of its FPA Funding Amount PIPE Subscription Agreement, with Sandia being able to reduce the purchase price for the Additional Shares by the Prepayment Amount. 
 Following the closing of the Business Combination, the reset price (the Reset Price will initially be 
 per share and will be subject to reset on a monthly basis (each a Reset Date with the first such Reset Date occurring 
 days after the closing date of the Business Combination, to be . Except as described below, the Reset Price will be reduced immediately to any lower price at which the Counterparty closes any agreement to sell or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition of) any shares of Zapata Common Stock or securities of the Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries convertible, exercisable or exchangeable into, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, shares of Zapata Common Stock or other securities (a Dilutive Offering ). 
 From time to time and on any date following the Business Combination (any such date, an OET Date ), Sandia may, in its absolute discretion, terminate the Forward Purchase Agreement in whole or in part by providing written notice to the Counterparty (the OET Notice ), no later than the next Payment Date following the OET Date, which OET Notice shall specify the quantity by which the Number of Shares shall be reduced (such quantity, the Terminated Shares ). The effect of an OET Notice shall be to reduce the Number of Shares by the number of Terminated Shares specified in such OET Notice with effect as of the related OET Date. As of each OET Date, the Counterparty shall be entitled to an amount from Sandia, and Sandia shall pay to the Counterparty an amount, equal to the product of (x) the number of Terminated Shares and (y) the Reset Price in respect of such OET Date. The payment date may be changed within a quarter at the mutual agreement of the parties. 
 The valuation date will be the earliest to occur of (a) the second anniversary of the closing date of the Business Combination, (b) the date specified by Sandia in a written notice to be delivered to the Counterparty at Sandia s discretion (which Valuation Date shall not be earlier than the day such notice is effective) after the occurrence of any of (w) a VWAP Trigger Event (x) a Delisting Event, (y) a Registration Failure or (z) unless otherwise specified therein, upon any Additional Termination Event, and (c) 90 days after delivery by the Counterparty of a written notice in the event that for any 20 trading days during a 30 consecutive trading day-period
 (the Measurement Period that occurs at least six months after the closing date of the Business Combination, the VWAP Price is less than the then applicable Reset Price, provided that a Registration Statement was effective and available for the entire Measurement Period and remains continuously effective and available during the entire 90 day notice period (the Valuation Date ). 
 On the Cash Settlement Payment Date, which is the tenth business day following the last day of the Valuation Period commencing on the Valuation Date, Sandia will pay the Counterparty a cash amount equal to (A) the Number of Shares as of the Valuation Date less the number of Unregistered Shares, multiplied by (B) the volume-weighted daily VWAP Price over the Valuation Period (the Settlement Amount provided, that if the amount of the Settlement Amount Adjustment (as defined below) payable by Counterparty to Sandia is less than the Settlement Amount, then the Settlement Amount Adjustment will be automatically netted from the Settlement Amount and any remaining amount paid in cash. The Counterparty will pay to Sandia on the Cash Settlement Payment Date an amount (the Settlement Amount Adjustment equal to 
 Sandia has agreed to waive any redemption rights under the Articles of Association with respect to any Andretti Ordinary Shares purchased by Sandia as Recycled Shares, that would require redemption by Andretti in connection with the Business Combination. Such waiver may reduce the number of Andretti Ordinary Shares redeemed in connection with the Business Combination, and such reduction could alter the perception of the potential strength of the Business Combination. The Forward Purchase Agreement has been structured, and all activity in connection with such agreement has been undertaken, to comply with the requirements of all tender offer regulations applicable to the Business Combination, including Rule 14e-5
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 In connection with the entry into the Forward Purchase Agreement, on March 25, 2024, Andretti entered into a subscription agreement (the FPA Funding Amount PIPE Subscription Agreement with Sandia. Pursuant to the FPA Funding Amount PIPE Subscription Agreement, Sandia agreed to subscribe for and purchase, and Andretti agreed to issue and sell to Sandia, on the closing date of the Business Combination, an aggregate of shares of Zapata Common Stock, less the number of any Recycled Shares (such shares of Zapata Common Stock, the Additional Shares ), which Additional Shares shall be subject to the Forward Purchase Agreement. 
 
 F-33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d68575dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, William J. Sandbrook, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Andretti Acquisition Corp.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 25, 2024 

By: 
 
 /s/ William J. Sandbrook 

William J. Sandbrook 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d68575dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, William M. Brown, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Andretti Acquisition Corp.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 25, 2024 

By: 
 
 /s/ William M. Brown 

William M. Brown 

President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d68575dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Andretti Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form
 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 25, 2024 

By: 
 
 /s/ William J. Sandbrook 

William J. Sandbrook 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d68575dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Andretti Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form
 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 25, 2024 

By: 
 
 /s/ William M. Brown 

William M. Brown 

President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 wnnr-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 wnnr-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 wnnr-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 wnnr-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

