<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240215_10-K_edgar_data_740260_0000740260-24-000067.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20924244</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>640669</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3142527</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8629834</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4355000</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3710620</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000740260-24-000067.hdr.sgml : 20240215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240215172231
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000740260-24-000067
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		136
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ventas, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000740260
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				611055020
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10989
		FILM NUMBER:		24644903

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		353 N. CLARK STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3300
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60654
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3126603800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		353 N. CLARK STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3300
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60654

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VENTAS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980507

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000740260-24-000067.txt : 20240215

10-K
 1
 vtr-20231231.htm
 10-K

vtr-20231231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the year ended , 2023 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Trading Symbol Title of Each Class Name of Exchange on Which Registered 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of shares of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2023, based on a closing price of the common stock of 47.27 as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, was billion. 
 As of February 7, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated or except where the context otherwise requires, the terms we, us, our, Company and other similar terms in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report refer to Ventas, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements of expectations, beliefs, future plans and strategies, anticipated results from operations and developments and other matters that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements regarding our and our officers intent, belief or expectation as identified by the use of words such as assume, may, will, project, expect, believe, intend, anticipate, seek, target, forecast, plan, potential, opportunity, estimate, could, would, should and other comparable and derivative terms or the negatives thereof. Forward-looking statements are based on management s beliefs as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. You should not put undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are not a guarantee of performance and are subject to a number of uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We do not undertake a duty to update these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. We urge you to carefully review the disclosures we make concerning risks and uncertainties that may affect our business and future financial performance, including those made below under Summary Risk Factors and in Item 1A, Risk Factors in this report. 

i 

Summary Risk Factors 
 
 Our business is subject to significant risks and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative and risky. Below we summarize what we believe are the principal risk factors, but these risks are not the only ones we face, and you should carefully review and consider the full discussion of our risk factors in the section titled Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report, together with the other information in this Annual Report. If any of the following risks, or any other risks and uncertainties that are not addressed below or elsewhere in this Annual Report or that we have not yet identified, actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected and the value of our securities could decline. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy 
 
 Macroeconomic trends including rising labor costs and historically low unemployment, increases in inflation, changes in exchange rates and rising interest rates may adversely affect us. 
 Macroeconomic conditions and other events or occurrences that affect areas in which our properties are geographically concentrated may impact financial results. 
 The secondary and tertiary effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain talented employees. The loss of any one of our key personnel or the inability to maintain appropriate staffing could adversely impact our business. 
 Our third-party managers and tenants operate or exert substantial control over the properties that they manage for or rent from us, which limits our control and influence over operations and results. 
 Our operating assets may expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues or increase our costs and could adversely affect us. 
 A significant portion of our revenues and operating income is dependent on a limited number of tenants and managers. 
 If we need to replace any of our tenants or managers, we may be unable to do so on as favorable terms, if at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could adversely affect us. 
 If our tenants , managers or borrowers financial condition or business prospects deteriorate, we could be adversely affected. 
 We face potential adverse consequences from the bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of our tenants, managers, borrowers and other obligors. 
 We may be required to recognize reserves, allowances, credit losses or impairment charges. 
 If a borrower defaults, we may be unable to obtain payment, successfully foreclose on collateral or realize the value of any collateral, which could adversely affect our ability to recover our investment. 
 We are vulnerable to adverse changes affecting our specific asset classes and the real estate industry generally. 
 To the extent that we or our tenants, managers and borrowers are unable to navigate successfully the trends impacting our or their businesses and the industries in which we or they operate, we may be adversely affected. 
 The hospitals on or near the campuses where our outpatient medical buildings are located and their affiliated health systems may not remain competitive or financially viable. 
 We rely on relationships with universities, and changes in our relationships with those universities could adversely affect us. 
 Our research tenants face unique levels of expense and uncertainty. 
 Increased construction and development in the markets in which our properties are located could adversely affect our future occupancy rates, operating margins and profitability. 
 Merger, acquisition and investment activity in our industries resulting in a change of control of, or a competitor s investment in, one or more of our tenants, managers or borrowers could adversely affect us. 
 Our ongoing strategy depends, in part, upon identifying and consummating future acquisitions and investments and effectively managing our expansion opportunities. 
 Our investments in and acquisitions of properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations. 
 Our investments in co-investment vehicles, joint ventures and minority interests may subject us to risks and liabilities. 
 Damage to our reputation could adversely affect our business, financial condition or result of operations. 
 Development, redevelopment and construction risks could affect our profitability. 
 We may face increased risks and costs associated with volatility in materials and labor prices or as a result of supply chain or procurement disruptions, which may adversely affect the status of our construction projects. 
 Purchase options, rights of first offer or rights of first refusal in favor of third parties could negatively affect us or discourage prospective buyers from negotiating with us with respect to the sale of our properties. 
 Damage from catastrophic or extreme natural events and the physical effects of climate change could result in losses. 
 Activist investors could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert management s attention and have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 ii 

Our Capital Structure Risks 
 
 Market conditions and the actual and perceived state of the capital markets generally could negatively impact us. 
 We are exposed to increases in interest rates, which could reduce our profitability and adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt, sell assets or engage in acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activity, and our decision to hedge against interest rate risk might not be effective. 
 We have a significant amount of outstanding indebtedness and may incur additional indebtedness in the future. 
 We are highly dependent on access to the capital markets. Limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on us, including our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy. 
 We may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 
 Covenants in the instruments governing our and our subsidiaries existing indebtedness limit our operational flexibility, and a covenant breach could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Our Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Risks 
 
 Significant legal or regulatory proceedings could subject us or our tenants or managers to increased operating costs and substantial uninsured liabilities, which could adversely affect us or them. 
 We and our tenants, managers and borrowers may be adversely affected by regulation and enforcement. 
 Our investments may expose us to unknown liabilities. 
 There is a high degree of uncertainty regarding the implementation and impact of the CARES Act and other pandemic-related legislation. 
 We and our tenants, managers and borrowers may be adversely affected by complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding data privacy and cybersecurity. 
 The occurrence of cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our operations or the operations of the third parties with whom we do business, invest in or lend to, result in the loss of confidential or personal information or damage our or their business relationships and reputation. 
 The amount and scope of insurance coverage provided by our policies and policies maintained by our tenants, managers or other counterparties may not adequately insure against losses. 
 Failure to maintain effective internal controls could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our REIT Status Risks 
 
 Loss of our status as a REIT would have significant adverse consequences for us and the value of our common stock; 
 We are subject to certain limitations and requirements as a result of our status as a REIT, which may impose limitations on the operation of our business and subject us to significant risk if we are not able to comply. 
 To preserve our qualification as a REIT, our certificate of incorporation contains ownership limits with respect to our capital stock that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control of our company. 
 Other REIT-related restrictions and requirements may limit our transactions or operations or could have a negative impact on us. 
 
 Note Regarding Third-Party Information 
 
 This Annual Report includes information that has been provided to us by our tenants, managers, business partners and unconsolidated entities in which we invest or been derived from SEC filings or other publicly available information of our tenants, managers, business partners and unconsolidated entities in which we invest. We believe that such information is accurate and that the sources from which it has been obtained are reliable. However, we cannot guarantee the accuracy of such information and have not independently verified the assumptions on which such information is based. 
 iii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 15 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 39 
 Item 2. Properties 
 40 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 42 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 42 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 43 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 44 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 45 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 73 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 74 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 131 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 131 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 131 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 131 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 132 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 132 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 132 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 132 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 132 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 133 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 140 
 
 iv 

PART I 

ITEM 1. Business 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 Overview 
 
 Ventas, Inc., an S P 500 company, is a real estate investment trust REIT focused on delivering strong, sustainable shareholder returns by enabling exceptional environments that benefit a large and growing aging population. We hold a portfolio that includes senior housing communities, outpatient medical buildings, research centers, hospitals and healthcare facilities located in North America and the United Kingdom. As of December 31, 2023, we owned or had investments in approximately 1,400 properties (including properties classified as held for sale). Our company is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois with additional corporate offices in Louisville, Kentucky and New York, New York. 
 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ), commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 1999. Provided we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we generally will not be required to pay U.S. federal corporate income taxes on our REIT taxable income that is currently distributed to our stockholders. In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must satisfy a number of highly technical requirements, which impact how we invest in, operate or manage our assets. See Risk Factors Our REIT Status Risks included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 We primarily invest in our portfolio of real estate assets through wholly-owned subsidiaries and other co-investment entities. We operate through three reportable business segments: senior housing operating portfolio, which we also refer to as SHOP , outpatient medical and research portfolio, which was formerly known as office operations, and triple-net leased properties. Non-segment assets consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash, restricted cash, loans receivable and investments and miscellaneous accounts receivable as well as investments in unconsolidated entities. In addition, from time to time, we make secured and unsecured loans and other investments relating to real estate or operators. Our chief operating decision maker evaluates performance of the combined properties in each operating segment and determines how to allocate resources to these segments, in significant part, based on NOI and related measures for each segment. See our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes, including Note 2 Accounting Policies and Note 18 Segment Information, included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report ). For a discussion of our definition of NOI and for a reconciliation of NOI to our net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 
 We also have investments in unconsolidated entities, including through our third-party institutional capital management business, Ventas Investment Management VIM ). Through VIM, we partner with third-party institutional investors to invest in real estate through various joint ventures and other co-investment vehicles where we are the sponsor or general partner, including our open-ended investment vehicle, the Ventas Life Science Healthcare Real Estate Fund (the Ventas Fund ). See Note 7 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 The following table summarizes information for our reportable business segments and non-segment assets for the year ended December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 Segment 
 Total NOI (1) 
 Percentage of Total NOI 
 Number of Properties 
 Senior housing operating portfolio (SHOP) 
 711,407 37 587 Outpatient medical and research portfolio 
 576,932 30 437 Triple-net leased properties 604,651 31 331 Non-segment (2) 
 32,177 2 1,925,167 100 1,355 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) NOI is defined as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and third-party capital management expenses. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional disclosure and a reconciliation of net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with GAAP, to NOI. 
 1 

(2) NOI for non-segment includes management fees and promote revenues, net of expenses related to our third-party institutional capital management business, income from loans and investments and various corporate-level expenses not directly attributable to any of our three reportable business segments. 
 
 Business Strategy 
 
 We aim to enhance shareholder value by delivering consistent, superior total returns through a strategy of (1) generating reliable and growing cash flows, (2) maintaining a portfolio of high-quality assets that are unified in serving the large and growing aging population and (3) preserving our financial strength, flexibility and liquidity. 
 
 Aiming to Generate Reliable and Growing Cash Flows 
 
 We aim to generate reliable and growing cash flows from our portfolio, which enables us to pay regular cash dividends to stockholders and creates opportunities to increase stockholder value through profitable investments. We believe that the combination of the higher growth potential inherent in our senior housing operating communities, steady contractual growth from our long-term triple-net leases and stable cash flows from our outpatient medical buildings and research centers will enable us to generate sustainable, growing cash flows that are resilient to economic downturns. 
 
 Aiming to Maintain a Portfolio of High-Quality Assets Unified in Serving the Large and Growing Aging Population 
 
 We aim to maintain a portfolio of high-quality assets that are unified in serving the large and growing aging population and well positioned to capitalize on compelling demographic demand. Our portfolio is curated across geographies, property types, business models and strategic partnerships to enhance the reliability of our cash flows and mitigate risk, including by reducing our exposure to any particular property type, market, or individual tenant, borrower or manager. Our model also seeks to mitigate the impact of certain other risks, including those related to regulatory changes, climate events, inflation and interest rates moves and economic downturns or global health events. 
 
 Preserving Our Financial Strength, Flexibility and Liquidity 
 
 Our goal to maintain a strong, flexible balance sheet and substantial liquidity helps enable us to capitalize on strategic growth opportunities through acquisitions, investments and development and redevelopment projects. We aim to maintain our financial strength to pursue profitable investment opportunities by actively managing our leverage and improving our cost of capital. In addition, we seek to actively preserve our access to multiple sources of capital and liquidity, including unsecured bank debt, mortgage financings, public and private debt and equity markets, and through our third-party institutional capital management business, VIM. 
 
 Our Businesses 
 
 Senior Housing Operating Portfolio (SHOP) 
 
 In our SHOP segment, we own and invest in senior housing communities throughout the United States and Canada. We participate directly in the financial performance of the communities operations and are generally responsible for all operational costs, expenses and other liabilities. We also typically engage third-party managers to operate the communities on our behalf but generally hold applicable healthcare licenses and enroll in applicable government healthcare programs on behalf of the communities in our SHOP segment. 
 
 The senior housing communities in our SHOP segment include independent living communities, assisted living communities, memory care communities and continuing care retirement communities. Independent living communities are typically age-restricted multifamily rental properties with central dining facilities that provide residents with access to meals and other services such as housekeeping, linen service, transportation and social and recreational activities. Assisted living communities typically offer similar services as independent living communities, plus supportive care that is provided by trained employees to residents who require assistance with activities of daily living, such as bathing, dressing and medication management. Memory care communities provide care for individuals with Alzheimer s disease and other forms of dementia or memory loss. Continuing care retirement communities are typically age-restricted properties that offer a continuum of care, and may include a combination of independent living, assisted living, memory care and skilled nursing units. Our assisted living, memory care and continuing care retirement communities are generally subject to state licensure requirements for the delivery of some or all of their services, while our independent living communities generally are not. Charges for room, board and services at these communities are generally paid from private sources. 
 
 2 

Because we have elected to be taxed as a REIT, we are subject to various restrictions impacting how we invest in, operate or manage our properties, including the senior housing communities in our SHOP segment. Some of those restrictions depend on whether a senior housing community is treated as a qualified healthcare property under the REIT rules. Senior housing communities that are not qualified healthcare properties may be managed by us directly through a taxable REIT subsidiary or by a third-party manager. Senior housing communities in our SHOP segment that are qualified healthcare properties generally must be owned by us in a structure where we engage a third-party manager to manage and operate the senior housing communities, including for purposes of procuring supplies, hiring and training all employees, entering into all third-party contracts for the benefit of the property, including resident/patient agreements, complying with laws and regulations, including but not limited to healthcare laws, and providing resident care and services, in exchange for a management fee. In this structure, we must rely on the third-party managers personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, risk management processes, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage the senior housing communities operations efficiently and effectively. We also rely on the third-party managers to set appropriate resident fees, to provide accurate property-level financial results in a timely manner and otherwise operate the senior housing communities in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable laws and regulations. We nonetheless participate directly in the financial performance of the communities operations and are generally responsible for all operational costs, expenses and other risks and liabilities. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy Our third-party managers and tenants operate or exert substantial control over the properties that they manage for or rent from us, which limits our control and influence over operations and results. including in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. See also Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy Our operating assets may expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues or increase our costs and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 We treat most of the senior housing communities in our SHOP segment as qualified healthcare properties that generally must be owned in a structure where we engage a third-party manager to manage and operate the senior housing communities. See Government Regulation Tax Regulation included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report. 
 
 Under our management agreements with third-party managers, the managers generally receive annual management fees which are calculated based on various performance measures, which may include revenue, NOI and other objective financial metrics. Collectively, management fee calculations typically result in the managers receiving annual management fees ranging from 4.5 to 7 of revenues generated by the applicable properties and, in some cases, additional management fees based on the achievement of specified performance targets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, 23 third-party operators managed 587 properties in our SHOP segment on our behalf. The following table provides information regarding our significant SHOP operator concentration as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 (excluding properties owned by investments in unconsolidated real estate entities): 
 Percentage of Total NOI Number of Properties 
 Percentage of Total Properties 
 Atria Senior Living, Inc. 
 20.1 216 15.9 Sunrise Senior Living, LLC 
 4.5 92 6.8 
 
 The properties in our SHOP segment managed by Atria Senior Living, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, including Holiday Retirement Holiday ), Atria and Sunrise Senior Living, LLC (together with its subsidiaries, Sunrise accounted for a significant portion of our SHOP properties segment revenues and NOI for the year ended December 31, 2023. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy A significant portion of our revenues and operating income is dependent on a limited number of tenants and managers, including Brookdale, Ardent, Kindred, Atria and Sunrise. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 Our Atria management agreements (collectively, the Atria Management Agreements have initial terms expiring between 2024 and 2041. In some cases, the Atria Management Agreements include mutual renewal provisions. Ventas has the ability to terminate some or all of the Atria Management Agreements upon certain events with or without the payment of a fee. By way of example, Ventas has the right to terminate Atria s management of 67 communities that were historically managed by Holiday Senior Living upon short term notice. We hold a 34 ownership interest in Atria, which entitles us to customary minority rights and protections, as well as the right to appoint two members to the Atria Board of Directors. We account for our ownership interest in Atria under the equity method of accounting. 
 
 3 

Our Sunrise management agreements (collectively, the Sunrise Management Agreements have initial terms expiring between 2035 and 2040. Ventas has the ability to terminate some or all of the Sunrise Management Agreements upon certain circumstances with or without the payment of a fee. 
 
 Outpatient Medical and Research Portfolio 
 
 In our outpatient medical and research portfolio segment, we primarily acquire, own, develop, lease and manage outpatient medical buildings and research centers throughout the United States. 
 
 Our outpatient medical buildings, which are predominantly located on or contiguous to a health system campus, are generally multi-tenant properties leased to health systems and several unrelated medical practices, although in many cases they may be associated with a large single specialty or multi-specialty group, including neighboring health systems. Tenants include physicians and other specialty healthcare providers and groups who require customized space devoted to patient examination and treatment, diagnostic imaging, outpatient surgery and other outpatient services. Outpatient medical buildings typically require enhanced plumbing, electrical and mechanical systems to accommodate the needs of healthcare providers such as sinks in every room, brighter lights and specialized medical equipment. 
 
 Our research centers generally contain laboratory and office space primarily for universities, academic medical centers, technology, biotechnology, medical device and pharmaceutical companies and other organizations involved in the research industry. While these properties may have certain characteristics similar to commercial office buildings, they generally contain more advanced electrical, mechanical, heating, ventilating and air conditioning systems. The facilities generally have specialty equipment including emergency generators, fume hoods, lab bench tops and related amenities. In many instances, research center tenants make significant investments to improve their leased space, in addition to landlord improvements, to accommodate biology, chemistry or medical device research initiatives. Our research centers are often located on or contiguous to university and academic medical campuses. 
 
 Through our Lillibridge subsidiary and our 50 ownership interest in PMB Real Estate Services LLC PMBRES ), a property management platform in which we hold an ownership interest, we also provide outpatient medical building and research center management, leasing, marketing, facility development and advisory services to highly rated hospitals and health systems and universities, academic medical centers, biotech and other similar companies throughout the United States. 
 
 Triple-Net Leased Properties 
 
 In our triple-net leased properties segment, we invest in and own senior housing communities, skilled nursing facilities SNFs ), long-term acute care facilities LTACs ), freestanding inpatient rehabilitation facilities IRFs and other healthcare facilities throughout the United States and the United Kingdom. We lease those properties to tenants under triple-net or absolute-net leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures. 
 
 The senior housing communities in our triple-net leased properties segment may include independent living communities, assisted living communities, memory care communities and continuing care retirement communities, which are described in more detail above in Senior Housing Operating Portfolio (SHOP). Unlike the senior housing properties in our SHOP segment, the senior housing properties in our triple-net leased segment are leased to tenants under triple-net or absolute-net leases (as opposed a structure through which we can participate directly in the cash flow of the properties operations). SNFs provide rehabilitative, restorative, skilled nursing and medical treatment for patients and residents who do not require the high technology, care-intensive, high-cost setting of an acute care or rehabilitation hospital. Treatment programs include physical, occupational, speech, respiratory and other therapies, including sub-acute clinical protocols such as wound care and intravenous drug treatment. LTACs typically serve medically complex, chronically ill patients who require a high 1evel of monitoring and specialized care, but whose conditions do not necessitate the continued services of an intensive care unit and have a Medicare average length of stay of greater than 25 days. The tenants of these LTACs have the capability to treat patients who suffer from multiple systemic failures or conditions such as neurological disorders, head injuries, brain stem and spinal cord trauma, cerebral vascular accidents, chemical brain injuries, central nervous system disorders, developmental anomalies and cardiopulmonary disorders. Chronic patients often depend on technology for continued life support, such as mechanical ventilators, total parenteral nutrition, respiration or cardiac monitors and dialysis machines, and, due to their severe medical conditions, generally are not clinically appropriate for admission to a skilled nursing facility or rehabilitation hospital. IRFs are devoted to the rehabilitation of patients with various neurological, musculoskeletal, orthopedic and other medical conditions following stabilization of their acute medical issues. Other healthcare facilities, such as short term acute care hospitals, provide medical and surgical services, including inpatient care, intensive care, cardiac care, diagnostic services and emergency services. 
 4 

These other healthcare facilities also provide outpatient services such as outpatient surgery, laboratory, radiology, respiratory therapy, cardiology and physical therapy. Charges for services provided at SNFs, LTACs, IRFs and other healthcare facilities are generally paid from a combination of government reimbursement, commercial insurance and other private sources. 
 
 The following table provides information regarding our significant triple-net leased tenant concentration as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 (excluding properties owned by investments in unconsolidated real estate entities): 
 Percentage of Total NOI Number of Properties Percentage of Total Properties Brookdale Senior Living, Inc. (1) 
 7.7 121 8.9 Ardent Health Partners, LLC 
 6.9 11 0.8 Kindred Healthcare, LLC 
 6.9 29 2.1 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Excludes ten properties managed by Brookdale Senior Living, Inc. pursuant to long-term management agreements and included in the SHOP segment. 
 
 The properties we lease to Brookdale Senior Living, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, Brookdale ), Ardent Health Partners, LLC (together with its subsidiaries, Ardent and Kindred Healthcare, LLC (together with its subsidiaries, Kindred accounted for a significant portion of our triple-net leased properties segment revenues and NOI for the year ended December 31, 2023. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy A significant portion of our revenues and operating income is dependent on a limited number of tenants and managers, including Brookdale, Ardent, Kindred, Atria and Sunrise. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 Brookdale Lease 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we leased 121 properties (excluding ten properties managed by Brookdale pursuant to long-term management agreements and included in the SHOP segment) to Brookdale pursuant to a single, triple-net master lease agreement (together with certain other agreements related to such master lease, collectively, the Brookdale Lease ). The aggregate contractual base rent due to us from Brookdale in 2023 was approximately 105.9 million, and the current aggregate contractual base rent (computed in accordance with GAAP) is approximately 148.9 million. The difference between the aggregate contractual base rent due in 2023 and the current aggregate contractual base rent (computed in accordance with GAAP) is, in part, a result of the amortization over the remaining lease term of 235 million of up-front consideration received as part of certain amendments to the Brookdale Lease in July 2020 (the 2020 Consideration ). The 2020 Consideration consisted of: (a) 162 million in cash; (b) a 45 million note (repaid by Brookdale in 2021); and (c) 28 million in warrants exercisable for 16.3 million shares of Brookdale Senior Living, Inc. common stock. As of December 31, 2023, approximately 149 million of such 2020 Consideration has amortized, leaving approximately 85 million unamortized. The Brookdale Lease is guaranteed by Brookdale Senior Living, Inc. 
 
 Under the terms of the Brookdale Lease, base rent escalates annually at 3 per annum, which escalation commenced on January 1, 2022. The existing term of the Brookdale Lease expires December 31, 2025 and Brookdale has the option to renew the Brookdale lease with respect to all (but not less than all) of the properties for two, 10-year extensions. Base rent for the first year of each extension is the greater of (a) 103 of prior full year's base rent; and (b) fair market rent, capped at a 10 increase. Subsequent to the first year of any such renewal, base rent would continue to escalate by 3 per annum over the prior full year s base rent. Brookdale currently has the option to renew the Brookdale Lease for its next 10-year extension by providing written notice to us after June 30, 2024 and on or before November 30, 2024. If all or any part of the Brookdale Lease is renewed or otherwise extended, the then remaining unamortized portion of the 2020 Consideration would be re-amortized and the new GAAP rent would be straightlined from the date of the renewal exercise or extension agreement through the end of the new lease term. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy If we need to replace any of our tenants or managers, we may be unable to do so on as favorable terms, if at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. and Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy A significant portion of our revenues and operating income is dependent on a limited number of tenants and managers, including Brookdale, Ardent, Kindred, Atria and Sunrise. included in Part 1, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 In addition, we hold warrants for 16.3 million shares of Brookdale Senior Living, Inc. common stock, which are exercisable at any time prior to December 31, 2025 and have an exercise price of 3.00 per share. The warrants are classified within other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and measured at fair value with changes in fair value being recognized within other expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 5 

Ardent Lease 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we leased 11 properties (excluding 19 outpatient medical buildings leased to Ardent under separate leases included in our outpatient medical and research portfolio segment) to Ardent pursuant to a single, triple-net master lease agreement (together with certain other agreements related to such master lease, collectively, the Ardent Lease ). The aggregate 2023 contractual base rent due to us from Ardent was approximately 133.7 million, and the current aggregate contractual base rent (computed in accordance with GAAP) was approximately 133.8 million. Under the terms of the Ardent Lease, base rent escalates annually by the lesser of four times the increase in the Consumer Price Index for the relevant period and 2.5 . The existing term of the Ardent Lease expires August 31, 2035 and Ardent has the option to renew such term for one, 10-year extension at contractual escalated rent. The Ardent Lease is guaranteed by the Ardent parent company. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we held a 7.5 ownership interest in Ardent, which entitles us to customary minority rights and protections and the right to appoint one member to the Ardent Board of Directors. We account for our investment in Ardent under the equity method of accounting. In May 2023, we sold approximately 24 of our ownership interest in Ardent to a third-party investor for 50.1 million in total proceeds. As a result of the sale, we recognized 33.5 million of gain for the year ended December 31, 2023 in income from unconsolidated entities in our Consolidated Statements of Income and our ownership interest in Ardent was reduced from 9.8 to 7.5 . 
 
 On November 23, 2023, Ardent became aware of a cybersecurity incident, which Ardent determined to be a ransomware attack. As a result, Ardent took its network offline, suspending all user access to its information technology applications, which resulted in disruptions to certain aspects of Ardent s clinical and financial operations. See Risk Factors Our Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Risks The occurrence of cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our operations or the operations of the third parties with whom we do business, invest in or lend to, result in the loss of confidential or personal information or damage our or their business relationships and reputation. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 Kindred Lease 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we leased 29 properties to Kindred pursuant to a single, triple-net master lease agreement (together with certain other agreements related to such master lease, collectively, the Kindred Lease ). Pursuant to the Kindred Lease, the 29 properties are divided into two groups. The first group is composed of six properties Group 1 and the second group is composed of 23 properties Group 2 ). 
 
 The aggregate 2023 contractual base rent due to us from Kindred was approximately 130.6 million, which is comprised of 25.8 million of base rent associated with Group 1 and 104.8 million of base rent associated with Group 2. The current aggregate contractual base rent (computed in accordance with GAAP) was approximately 132.5 million, which is comprised of 25.9 million of base rent associated with Group 1 and 106.6 million of base rent associated with Group 2. Kindred is also obligated to pay additional rent in respect of the Group 1 properties equal to a percentage of aggregate patient revenues over a specified threshold. Base rent escalates annually (a) based on year-over-year changes in CPI, subject to a floor and cap, for 25 properties; and (b) 2.7 for four properties. The base rent escalator with respect to seven properties is contingent upon satisfaction of specified facility revenue parameters. 
 
 The existing term of the Kindred Lease expires on April 30, 2028 for Group 1 and April 30, 2025 for Group 2. Kindred has the option to renew all of the properties (but not less than all) (a) within Group 1 for two 5-year extensions; and (b) within Group 2 for three 5-year extensions, in each case at the greater of escalated rent and fair market rent by providing written notice no later than one year prior to the applicable expiration date. Kindred currently has the option to renew all of the properties (but not less than all) within Group 2 for one such 5-year extension by providing written notice to us before May 1, 2024. The Kindred Lease is guaranteed by a parent company. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic led to elevated volumes and financial performance at the properties leased to Kindred. As the pandemic receded, the financial performance has declined. While we believe that Kindred has taken and is taking targeted actions to attempt to improve the performance of the properties, there can be no assurance that Kindred will be able to do so or that such financial performance will not affect Kindred s ability to perform their obligations to us or impact any of their decisions related to the renewal of their lease. See also Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy If we need to replace any of our tenants or managers, we may be unable to do so on as favorable terms, if at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. , Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy A significant portion of our revenues and operating income is dependent on a limited number of tenants and managers, including Brookdale, Ardent, Kindred, Atria and Sunrise. and Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business 
 6 

Operations and Strategy We face potential adverse consequences from the bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of our tenants, managers, borrowers and other obligors. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 Other Business Activities 
 
 Non-segment assets consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash, restricted cash, loans receivable and investments and miscellaneous accounts receivable. Our loans receivable and investments generally provide us with interest income and fees and are often secured by mortgage liens or leasehold mortgages on the underlying properties and corporate or personal guarantees by affiliates of the borrowing entity. In some cases, the loans are secured by a pledge of ownership interests in the entity or entities that own the related properties or may take the form of mezzanine loans, which are subordinated to senior secured loans held by other investors that encumber the same real estate. See Note 6 Loans Receivable and Investments of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 We have investments in unconsolidated entities, including through our third-party institutional capital management business, VIM. Through VIM, we partner with third-party institutional investors to invest in real estate through various joint ventures and other co-investment vehicles. The assets in our VIM business are primarily comprised of three platforms: The Ventas Fund, a state pension fund joint venture and a sovereign wealth fund joint venture. The Ventas Fund is a perpetual life vehicle focused on investments in core and core plus life science, outpatient medical and senior housing real estate in North America. Our state pension fund joint venture is principally focused on investment in ground up development and value added redevelopment of senior housing with premier operators. And our sovereign wealth fund joint venture is focused on university-based research and innovation development projects. We also have investments in other unconsolidated entities outside of our VIM platform. See Note 7 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 From time to time, we engage in development and redevelopment activities. For example, we are party to certain agreements that obligate us to develop senior housing or other properties funded through capital that we and, in certain circumstances, our joint venture partners provide. As of December 31, 2023, we had six active and committed projects pursuant to these agreements, including three projects that are unconsolidated. In addition, from time to time, we engage in redevelopment projects with respect to our existing senior housing communities, outpatient medical buildings and research centers to maximize the value, increase NOI, maintain a market-competitive position, achieve property stabilization or change the primary use of the property. 
 
 Geographic Diversification of Properties 
 
 Our portfolio of assets is broadly diversified by geographic location throughout the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, with properties in only one state (California) accounting for more than 10 of our total continuing revenues and NOI for the year ended December 31, 2023. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report for additional disclosure and reconciliations of net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with GAAP, to NOI. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We generally compete for investments in real estate with publicly traded, private and non-listed healthcare REITs, real estate partnerships, healthcare providers, healthcare lenders and other investors, including developers, banks, insurance companies, pension funds, government-sponsored entities and private equity firms, some of whom may have greater financial resources and lower costs of capital than we do. Increased competition challenges our ability to identify and successfully capitalize on opportunities that meet our objectives, which is affected by, among other factors, the availability of suitable acquisition or investment targets, our ability to negotiate acceptable transaction terms and our access to and cost of capital. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy Our ongoing strategy depends, in part, upon identifying and consummating future acquisitions and investments and effectively managing our expansion opportunities. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report and Note 10 Senior Notes Payable and Other Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 Our operators also compete on a local and regional basis with other healthcare companies that provide comparable services. Operators of healthcare real estate compete to attract and retain residents and patients to our properties based on scope and quality of care, reputation and financial condition, price, location and physical appearance of the properties, services offered, qualified personnel, physician referrals and family preferences. With respect to outpatient medical buildings and 
 7 

research centers, we and our third-party managers compete to attract and retain tenants based on many of the same factors, in addition to quality of the affiliated health system or university, physician preferences and proximity to hospital or university campuses or research centers and quality of lab space. The ability of our tenants, operators and managers to compete successfully could be affected by private, federal and state reimbursement programs and other laws and regulations. See Risk Factors Our Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Risks We and our tenants, managers and borrowers may be adversely affected by regulation and enforcement. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 At Ventas, our experienced team drives our success and creates value. As of December 31, 2023, we had 486 employees, none of which are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. 
 
 We provide a unique environment that offers opportunities for our team to use their professional skills, develop their talents and learn from each other as they build successful careers. We are committed to upholding human dignity and equal opportunity under the principles outlined in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, Vendor Code of Conduct and Human Rights Policy embed the responsibility to respect human rights in business functions across our operations as well as our supply chain. 
 
 The Compensation Committee and Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee of our Board of Directors provide oversight on certain human capital matters, including our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion DE I efforts, goals and framework. We typically report on human capital matters at each regularly scheduled meeting of the Compensation Committee, on DE I matters at each regularly scheduled meeting of the Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee and periodically (and at least annually) to our Board of Directors. The most significant human capital measures and objectives that we focus on include the topics described below. 
 
 Talent Acquisition, Development and Retention 
 
 We strive to foster a culture that attracts and retains individuals who share a passion for integrity, flawless execution, collaborative problem-solving and, above all, excellence. A key component of our ability to attract and retain the top talent in our industry is our investment in our people and their continuous development by providing expansive professional opportunities, best-in-class leadership development and a broad array of workshops and training. Ventas also prides itself in offering an industry-leading compensation and benefits package. 
 
 DE I 
 
 Ventas has a long-standing commitment to DE I. We have established a DE I framework centered around key pillars of people, culture, investment and financial, and changing our society and investing in our communities. To develop action plans for each focus area of our DE I framework, we have established a diverse, multi-disciplinary DE I Committee with representation across job function, level and geography. Divided into subcommittees representing each area of the framework, team members are tasked with mobilizing a strategic and coordinated effort to create positive change across our company. Development and execution of the DE I framework is a component of our incentive compensation programs. 
 
 Health Safety 
 
 Ventas is committed to the health and safety of its employees. Helping to make our workplaces secure and hazard-free is a responsibility shared with each Ventas employee. Our commitment to health and safety is maintained by effective administration, training and education, and we expect our operating and development partners to comply with applicable company and legal requirements. 
 
 Organizational Resilience 
 
 Our talented employee base is the foundation of our organizational resilience. We design our talent strategies to attract and retain talented individuals, who will drive our success and advance our industry leadership. As part of our employee value proposition, in addition to competitive compensation and benefits offerings, we invest in growth, development opportunities and comprehensive performance management for our employees that empower them to realize their full potential, expand their capabilities and fill critical roles within the organization. Our employee base is comprised of a mix of longer tenured employees, who contribute deep institutional experience and knowledge, and shorter tenured employees, who contribute new 
 8 

perspectives and ways of doing things. More than 40 of our employees have been promoted from within the organization to more senior roles. 
 
 The Nominating, Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee leads, and the Board oversees and reviews at least annually, a robust short- and long-term succession planning process for our senior management team, including our CEO. In general, our management succession planning is designed to anticipate both planned successions, such as those arising from anticipated retirements, and unplanned succession events, including emergencies and a range of other potential contingencies. 
 
 The CEO and Chief Human Resources Officer support the annual succession plan review conducted by the Nominating, Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee by providing information about each executive role and succession scenarios, including an overview of each potential successor s experience and potential, readiness assessment and planned leadership development opportunities. The independent members of the Board also regularly interact with executives across several leadership levels of Ventas through management presentations at the Board meetings and other informal events to form their own independent assessment of senior leaders. 
 
 Both the Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee and the Board also regularly review strength and gaps in the executive and senior management team and their organizations with the Company s long-term strategy and goal of optimizing performance in mind. When appropriate, action plans are identified and executed to drive performance, enhance organizational resilience and support succession planning, including for the CEO. We engage third party experts where appropriate to bring additional insights to, and facilitate, succession planning, conduct assessments and provide coaching and development to executives and others in cases where the Company and the employee will benefit. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance ESG 
 
 The Ventas approach to ESG is rooted in our strategy and the interests of our investors, employees and other stakeholders. Three priorities guide our ongoing ESG efforts: 
 
 Our Impact: Enabling sustainable environments and strong communities 
 Our Employees: Empowering exceptional people 
 Our Standards: Leading in governance and transparency 
 
 Ventas has set measurable goals related to each of our key ESG topics, including targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, energy, water and waste. Our key ESG topics and progress against our goals are reported annually in our Corporate Sustainability Report. 
 
 Ventas convenes a cross-functional ESG Steering Committee, which provides oversight and monitoring of our ESG strategy and is led by our Chairman and CEO and overseen by our Vice President, Corporate ESG Sustainability. In addition, we typically report on ESG matters at each regularly scheduled meeting of the Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee and periodically (and at least annually) to our Board of Directors. 
 
 Insurance 
 
 We maintain or require in our lease, management and other agreements that our tenants, managers or other counterparties maintain comprehensive insurance coverage on our properties and their operations with terms, conditions, limits and deductibles that we believe are customary for similarly situated companies in each industry and we frequently review our insurance programs and requirements. The insurance that we maintain or require may take the form of commercial insurance, captive insurance or self-insurance. 
 
 We maintain the property insurance for a vast majority of our properties in our outpatient medical and research portfolio and SHOP segments. We also maintain liability insurance for certain outpatient medical properties, as well as the general and professional liability insurance for certain senior housing communities and related operations in our SHOP segment. However, some senior housing managers maintain the general and professional liability insurance for our senior housing communities and related operations that they manage in accordance with the terms of our management agreements. 
 
 Through our outpatient medical and research portfolio, we provide engineering, construction and architectural services in connection with new development projects, and we maintain and cause tenants, contractors, design professionals and other parties involved with such services to maintain property and liability insurance with respect to those activities. 
 
 9 

In May 2020, the Company formed a wholly-owned captive insurance company, which provides insurance coverage for losses below the deductible and within the self-insured retention of the commercial property, general and professional liability insurance that we maintain for certain of our outpatient medical and senior housing locations. The Company created this captive as part of its overall risk management program and to stabilize insurance costs. 
 
 Additional Information 
 
 We maintain a website at www.ventasreit.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report, and our web address is included as an inactive textual reference only. 
 
 We make available, free of charge, through our website our Annual Report, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. In addition, our Guidelines on Governance, our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (including waivers from and amendments to that document) and the charters for each of our Audit and Compliance, Nominating and Corporate Governance and Compensation Committees are available on our website, and we will mail copies of the foregoing documents to stockholders, free of charge, upon request to our Corporate Secretary at Ventas, Inc., 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654. 
 
 GOVERNMENT REGULATION 
 
 United States Healthcare Regulation, Licensing and Enforcement 
 
 Overview 
 
 We, along with our tenants, borrowers, and managers in the United States, are subject to or impacted by extensive and complex federal, state and local healthcare laws and regulations, including laws and regulations relating to quality of care, licensure and certificates of need CON ), conduct of operations, government reimbursement, such as Medicare and Medicaid, fraud and abuse, qualifications of personnel, appropriateness and classification of care, adequacy of plant and equipment and data privacy and cybersecurity. Although the effects of these laws and regulations on our business are typically indirect, some of these laws and regulations apply directly to us and the senior housing communities in our senior living operations segment, where we generally hold the applicable healthcare licenses and enroll in applicable reimbursement programs. Healthcare laws and regulations are wide-ranging, and noncompliance may result in the imposition of civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, including: the loss or suspension of accreditation, licenses or CONs; suspension of or non-payment for new admissions; denial of reimbursement; fines; suspension, decertification, or exclusion from federal and state healthcare programs; or facility closure. Changes in laws or regulations, reimbursement policies, enforcement activity and regulatory non-compliance by us or our tenants, borrowers or managers could have a significant effect on our and their operations and financial condition, which in turn may adversely impact us, as detailed below and set forth under Risk Factors Our Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Risks in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 Licensure, Certification and CONs 
 
 Regulation of senior housing communities consists primarily of state and local laws that may require licenses, certifications and permits, and may vary greatly from one jurisdiction to another. Our senior housing communities that receive Medicaid payments are also subject to extensive federal laws and regulation. Inpatient rehabilitation and long-term acute care facilities, other healthcare facilities, and skilled nursing facilities, which we do not directly operate, are typically subject to extensive federal and state regulation and must hold various licenses, certifications, and permits. Licensure and certification may be conditioned on requirements related to, among other things, the quality of medical care provided by an operator, qualifications of the operator s administrative personnel and clinical staff, adequacy of the physical plant and equipment and continuing compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Federal and state government agencies issued additional requirements in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, some of which impose COVID-19 testing, reporting and other requirements. 
 
 Sanctions for failure to comply with licensure and certification laws and regulations include loss of licensure or certification and ability to participate in or receive payments from the Medicare and Medicaid programs, suspension of or non-payment for new admissions, fines, and potential criminal penalties. Even if we are not the operator of a facility, imposition of such sanctions could adversely affect the healthcare facility operator s ability to satisfy its obligations to us. Further, if we have to replace a tenant, we may experience difficulties in finding a replacement and effectively and efficiently transitioning the property to a new tenant. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy If we need to replace any of our tenants or managers, we may be unable to do so on as favorable terms, if at all, and we could be subject to delays, 
 10 

limitations and expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 In addition, many of our licensed facilities and tenants are subject to state CON laws, which require governmental approval prior to the development or expansion of licensed facilities and services. The approval process in states with CON laws generally requires a facility to demonstrate the need for additional or expanded licensed facilities or services. CONs, where applicable, are also sometimes necessary for changes in ownership or control of licensed facilities, addition of beds, investment in major capital equipment, introduction of new services or termination of services previously approved through the CON process. CON laws and regulations may restrict our or our tenants ability to expand and grow in certain circumstances, which could have an adverse effect on our or their revenues. 
 
 Fraud and Abuse Enforcement 
 
 Participants in the U.S. healthcare industry are subject to complex federal and state civil and criminal laws and regulations governing healthcare provider referrals, relationships and arrangements. These laws include: (i) federal and state false claims acts, which generally prohibit providers from filing false claims or making false statements to receive payment from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal or state healthcare programs; (ii) federal and state anti-kickback and fee-splitting statutes, including the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits the payment or receipt of remuneration to induce referrals or generate business involving healthcare items or services payable by Medicare or Medicaid; (iii) federal and state physician self-referral laws, which generally prohibit referrals of certain services by physicians to entities with which the physician or an immediate family member has a financial relationship; and (iv) the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which requires a lower burden of proof than other fraud and abuse laws and prohibits, among other things, the knowing presentation of a false or fraudulent claim for certain healthcare services. 
 
 Violating these healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations may result in criminal and civil penalties, such as punitive sanctions, damage assessments, monetary penalties, imprisonment, denial of Medicare and Medicaid payments, and exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. These laws and regulations are enforced by a variety of federal, state and local governmental agencies, and many can also be enforced by private litigants through federal and state false claims acts and other laws that allow private individuals to bring whistleblower suits known as qui tam actions. 
 
 Because we generally hold the applicable healthcare license and enroll in applicable government healthcare programs on behalf of the properties in our SHOP segment, we could be directly impacted by these healthcare fraud and abuse laws, as well as subject to potential investigation or enforcement. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy Our operating assets may expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues or increase our costs and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 Reimbursement 
 
 Sources of revenue for us and some of our tenants or borrowers include, among others, governmental healthcare programs, such as the federal Medicare programs and state Medicaid programs, and non-governmental third-party payors, such as insurance carriers and health maintenance organizations. Medicare is a federal health insurance program for persons aged 65 and over, some disabled persons and persons with end-stage renal disease. Medicaid is a medical assistance program for eligible needy persons that is funded jointly by federal and state governments and administered by the states. Medicaid eligibility requirements and benefits vary by state. The Medicare and Medicaid programs are highly regulated and subject to frequent and substantial changes resulting from legislation, regulations and administrative and judicial interpretations of existing law. 
 
 As federal and state governments face significant budgetary pressures, they continue efforts to reduce Medicare and Medicaid spending through methods such as reductions in reimbursement rates and increased enrollment in managed care programs. Private payors, such as insurance companies, are typically for-profit companies and are continuously seeking opportunities to control healthcare costs. In some cases, private payors rely on government reimbursement systems to determine reimbursement rates, such that reductions in Medicare and Medicaid payment rates may negatively impact payments from private payors. These changes may result in reduced or slower growth in reimbursement for certain services provided by some of our tenants and managers. Additionally, the U.S. Congress and certain state legislatures have introduced and passed a large number of proposals and legislation designed to make major changes in the healthcare system, including changes that directly or indirectly affect reimbursement. Several of these laws, including the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (the Affordable Care Act ), have promoted shifting from traditional fee-for-service reimbursement models to alternative payment models that tie reimbursement to quality and cost of care, such as accountable care organizations and bundled payments. It is difficult to predict the nature and success of future 
 11 

financial or delivery system reforms, but changes to reimbursement rates and related policies could adversely impact our and our tenants results of operations. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, approximately 7.6 of our total revenues and 17.5 of our total NOI were attributable to acute and post-acute healthcare facilities in which our third-party tenants receive reimbursement for their healthcare services under governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid. We are neither a participant in, nor a direct recipient of, any reimbursement under these programs with respect to those leased facilities. 
 
 CARES Act and Similar Governmental Funding Programs 
 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, in 2020, Congress enacted a series of economic stimulus and relief measures through the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act (the PPPHCE Act and the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 CAA ). In total, the CARES Act, the PPPHCE Act and the CAA authorized approximately 175 billion to be distributed to healthcare providers through the Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund Provider Relief Fund ), which is administered by the U.S. Department of Health Human Services HHS ). These grants were intended to reimburse eligible providers for expenses incurred to prevent, prepare for and respond to COVID-19 and lost revenues attributable to COVID-19. Recipients are not required to repay distributions from the Provider Relief Fund, provided that they attest to and comply with certain terms and conditions, including not using grants received from the Provider Relief Fund to reimburse expenses or losses that other sources are obligated to reimburse, reporting and record keeping requirements and cooperating with any government audits. 
 
 We applied for and received grants from the Provider Relief Fund in late 2020 through 2022 on behalf of the assisted living communities in our senior living operations segment. Many of our tenants, managers, borrowers and unconsolidated entities also received grants from the Provider Relief Fund. As a recipient of funds from the Provider Relief Fund, we are required to comply with detailed reporting requirements specified by HHS, including in some instances by providing a third-party audit of the use of the funds received in accordance with Generally Accepted Government Auditing Standards or in conformance with the requirements of 45 CFR 75.514. In addition, the HHS Office of Inspector General and the Pandemic Response Accountability Committee each have the right to conduct their own audits of our use of funds from the Provider Relief Fund and HHS has the right to recoup some or all of the payments if it determines those payments were not made or the funds not used in compliance with its rules, regulations and interpretive guidance. In May 2023, the HHS Office of Inspector General notified us that they would be conducting an audit of thirty assisted living applicants use of the funds received from the Provider Relief Fund. Two of our applications were selected as part of the audit. While we believe we are in compliance with all requirements related to the payments received, we cannot assure you of that and we cannot assure you that some or all of the grants received will not need to be repaid. 
 
 We, and our tenants, borrowers, managers and unconsolidated entities also received grants administered by other domestic, foreign, local, regional or national governments on behalf of our senior housing communities to partially mitigate losses attributable to COVID-19. 
 
 There remains a high degree of uncertainty surrounding the interpretation and application of the CARES Act, the PPPHCE Act and the CAA and the rules, regulations and guidance thereunder. See Risk Factors Our Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Risks There is a high degree of uncertainty regarding the implementation and impact of the CARES Act and other pandemic-related legislation. There can be no assurance as to the total amount of financial assistance that we or our tenants, managers or borrowers will receive or retain. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 Federal, state and local governments and agencies implemented or announced other programs to provide financial and other support to businesses affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, some of which benefited our tenants, borrowers, managers and our senior living operations segment, but that impose significant regulatory and compliance obligations. 
 
 Data Privacy and Cybersecurity 
 
 There are several other laws and regulations, and legislative and regulatory initiatives, at the federal and state levels addressing data privacy and cybersecurity. In most cases, we depend on our tenants and managers to fulfill any compliance obligations with respect to these privacy and security laws and regulations. 
 
 For example, data privacy and cybersecurity regulations issued pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended HIPAA ), restrict the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information protected health information or PHI ), provide for individual rights and require safeguards for PHI and notification of breaches of unsecure PHI. Entities subject to HIPAA include most healthcare providers, including some of our 
 12 

tenants and borrowers. These covered entities are required to implement administrative, physical and technical practices to protect the security of PHI that is electronically maintained or transmitted. Business associates of covered entities who create, receive, maintain or transmit PHI are also subject to certain HIPAA provisions. Violations of HIPAA may result in substantial civil and/or criminal fines and penalties. The Federal Trade Commission uses its consumer protection authority to initiate enforcement actions in response to data breaches. and regulate unfair or deceptive acts or practices, including with respect to data privacy and cybersecurity. Moreover, the U.S. Congress has recently considered, and is currently considering, various proposals for more comprehensive data privacy and cybersecurity legislation to which we or our tenants and managers may be subject if passed. 
 
 Data privacy and cybersecurity are also areas of increasing state legislative focus, and states are increasingly proposing or enacting legislation that relates to data privacy and cybersecurity. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the CCPA ), gives California residents certain rights with respect to their personal information. Other states where we or our tenants or managers do business, or may in the future do business, have enacted, or are considering enacting, comprehensive data privacy and cybersecurity laws that share similarities with the CCPA. In addition, laws in all 50 U.S. states generally require businesses to provide notice under certain circumstances to consumers whose personal information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach, and we or our tenants or managers may be required to report events related to data privacy or cybersecurity issues, events where customer information may be compromised, unauthorized access to our systems or networks and other security breaches, to affected individuals or the relevant regulatory authorities. These state statutes, and other similar federal and state laws and regulations that may be enacted in the future, may require us or our tenants or managers to modify our or their data processing practices and policies, incur substantial compliance-related costs and expenses and otherwise suffer adverse impacts on our business. 
 
 International Healthcare Regulation 
 
 We own senior housing communities in Canada and the United Kingdom. Senior living residences in Canada are provincially regulated. Within each province, there are different categories for senior living residences that are generally based on the level of care sought or required by a resident (e.g., assisted or retirement living, senior living residences, residential care, long-term care). In some of these categories and depending on the province, residences may be government funded, or the individual residents may be eligible for a government subsidy, while other residences are exclusively private-pay. The governing legislation and regulations vary by province, but generally impose licensing requirements and requirements related to quality control, public health, infection control and other care-related operating standards. These laws empower regulators in each province to take a variety of steps to ensure compliance, conduct inspections, issue reports and generally regulate the industry. Our communities in Canada are also subject to data privacy and cybersecurity legislation, including, in certain provinces, data privacy and cybersecurity laws specifically related to personal health information. Although the obligations of senior living residences in the various provinces differ, they all include the obligation to protect personal information. The powers of data privacy and cybersecurity regulators and penalties for violations of data privacy and cybersecurity laws vary according to the applicable law or are left to the courts. Our senior living residences in Canada are also subject to a variety of other laws and regulations, including minimum wage standards and other employment laws. 
 
 In the United Kingdom, our senior housing communities are principally regulated as care home services under the Health and Social Care Act 2008. This legislation subjects service providers to standards of care and requires, among other things, that all persons carrying out such activities, and the managers of such persons, be registered. Providers of care home services are also subject (as data controllers) to the U.K. s Data Protection Act 2018, as supplemented by the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation as implemented into U.K. law (collectively, UK GDPR ), which governs the processing of personal data (including in relation to employees, clients and residents of care home services). The UK GDPR imposes a significant number of obligations on data controllers with the potential for fines of up to 4 of annual worldwide turnover or 17.5 million, whichever is greater. Our business operations in the United Kingdom are also subject to a range of other regulations, such as the U.K. Bribery Act 2010. 
 
 Regulation Impacting Life Sciences Research 
 
 Some of our tenants, including university-affiliated organizations and private sector companies, conduct life sciences, medical device or related research. These tenants may be dependent on private investors, the federal government or other sources of funding to support their activities. Creating a new pharmaceutical product or medical device requires substantial investments of time and capital, in part because of the extensive regulation of the healthcare industry; it also entails considerable risk of failure in demonstrating that the product is safe and effective and in gaining regulatory approval and market acceptance. Therefore, these tenants may face high levels of regulation, expense and uncertainty. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy Our research tenants face unique levels of expense and uncertainty. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 13 

Our tenants with marketable products may be adversely affected by healthcare reform and government reimbursement policies, including changes under the current presidential administration or by private healthcare payors. 
 
 Tax Regulation 
 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code, commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 1999. Provided we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we generally will not be required to pay U.S. federal corporate income taxes on our REIT taxable income that is currently distributed to our stockholders. This treatment substantially eliminates the double taxation that ordinarily results from investment in a C corporation. We are required to pay U.S. federal income tax in certain circumstances, including on taxable income earned by our taxable REIT subsidiaries. 
 
 In addition, we may be subject to state and local tax in the U.S. Certain states do not conform completely to the federal income tax rules. We also are subject to non-U.S. tax on our operations in Canada and in the U.K., as our U.S. REIT status does not by itself afford us special tax status in those countries. We attempt to structure our investments outside of the U.S. in the most efficient manner possible, but do expect to incur some tax expense on our non-U.S. operations, which could increase due to tax rate increases, interest expense limitations or other changes in law. The Company is continuing to evaluate the potential effect of pending legislation related to interest expense deductibility in Canada, which could have a significant impact to income tax expense and cash taxes in future periods. See Risk Factors Our REIT Status Risks Legislative or other actions affecting REITs or taxes could have a negative effect on our stockholders or us. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 The Code defines a REIT as a corporation, trust or association: 
 
 (1) that is managed by one or more trustees or directors; 
 
 (2) that issues transferable shares or transferable certificates to evidence its beneficial ownership; 
 
 (3) that would be taxable as a domestic corporation, but for Sections 856 through 860 of the Code; 
 
 (4) that is not a financial institution or an insurance company within the meaning of certain provisions of the Code; 
 
 (5) that is beneficially owned by 100 or more persons; 
 
 (6) not more than 50 in value of the outstanding stock of which is owned, actually or constructively, by five or fewer individuals, including certain specified entities, during the last half of each taxable year; and 
 
 (7) that meets other tests, regarding the nature of its income and assets and the amount of its distributions. 
 
 We believe that we have been organized and have operated in a manner that has allowed us, and will continue to allow us, to satisfy conditions (1) through (7) inclusive, during the relevant time periods, and we intend to continue to be organized and operate in this manner. However, qualification and taxation as a REIT depend upon our ability to meet the various qualification tests imposed under the Code, including through actual operating results, asset composition, distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that we will be organized or will be able to operate in a manner so as to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT. 
 
 If we lose our status as a REIT (currently or with respect to any tax years for which the statute of limitations has not expired), we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available to satisfy our obligations, to implement our business strategy and to make distributions to our stockholders for each of the years involved because: 
 
 We would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to regular U.S. federal corporate income tax; 
 
 We could be subject to increased state and local taxes; and 
 
 Unless we are entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be subject to tax as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified. 
 
 In addition, in such event we would no longer be required to pay dividends to maintain REIT status, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. See Risk Factors Our REIT Status Risks . 
 14 

Our senior housing communities, including certain of our independent living communities, that are considered qualified healthcare properties that are not leased to a third party operator generally must be owned and operated in a structure where we engage a third-party manager to manage and operate the senior housing communities. For these senior housing communities we are required to rely on a third-party manager to manage and operate the property, including for purposes of procuring supplies, hiring and training all employees, entering into all third-party contracts for the benefit of the property, including resident/patient agreements, complying with laws and regulations, including but not limited to healthcare laws, and providing resident care and services, in exchange for a management fee. We treat most of the senior housing communities in our SHOP segment as qualified healthcare properties that must be operated by third-party managers. 
 
 Environmental Regulation 
 
 A wide variety of federal, local and foreign environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations affect our assets. However, these complex federal, state and foreign statutes, and their enforcement, involve a myriad of regulations, many of which impose strict liability on offenders. Some of these federal, state and foreign laws and regulations may directly impact us. Under various federal, local and foreign environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, an owner of real property or a secured lender, such as us, may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances at, under or disposed of in connection with such property, as well as other potential costs relating to hazardous or toxic substances (including government fines and damages for injuries to persons and adjacent property). 
 
 With respect to our properties that are operated by third parties, we may be held primarily or jointly and severally liable for costs relating to the investigation and cleanup of any property from which there is or has been an actual or threatened release of a regulated material and any other affected properties, regardless of whether we knew of or caused the release. Such costs typically are not limited by law or regulation and could exceed the property s value. In addition, we may be liable for certain other costs, such as governmental fines and injuries to persons, property or natural resources, as a result of any such actual or threatened release. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy Our operating assets may expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues or increase our costs and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 Under the terms of our leases and loans, we generally have a right to indemnification by the tenants of our properties or borrowers for any contamination caused by them. 
 
 In some instances, we have also agreed to indemnify our tenants and managers against any environmental claims (including penalties and cleanup costs) resulting from any condition arising in, on or under, or relating to, the leased properties at any time before the applicable lease commencement date. With respect to our senior living operating portfolio, we have agreed to indemnify our managers against any environmental claims (including penalties and cleanup costs) resulting from any condition on those properties. 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 This section discusses material factors that affect our business, operations and financial condition. It does not describe all risks and uncertainties applicable to us, our industry or ownership of our securities. If any of the following risks, or any other risks and uncertainties that are not addressed below or that we have not yet identified, actually occur, we could be materially adversely affected, and the value of our securities could decline. 
 
 As set forth below, we believe that the risks we face generally fall into the following categories: 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy 
 Our Capital Structure Risks 
 Our Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Risks 
 Our REIT Status Risks 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy 
 
 Macroeconomic trends including rising labor costs and historically low unemployment, increases in inflation, changes in exchange rates and rising interest rates may adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 15 

Macroeconomic trends, including rising labor costs and historically low unemployment, increases in inflation, changes in exchange rates and rising interest rates, may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Increased labor costs and a shortage of available skilled and unskilled workers has and may continue to increase the cost of staffing our or our tenants , managers or borrowers workforce, including employees at our senior housing communities. To the extent we or our tenants, managers or borrowers cannot hire sufficient workers, we or they may become dependent on high-cost alternatives to meet labor needs, including contract and overtime labor. If we or they are unable to hire and fill necessary positions, our respective businesses may suffer, causing us or them to forego potential revenue and growth or affecting our or their ability to effectively manage risk. Rising labor expense may result in decreased operating net income. 
 
 We and our tenants, managers and borrowers compete with various other companies in attracting and retaining qualified and skilled personnel who are responsible for our day-to-day operations. Competitive pressures, including historically low unemployment and rising inflation, may require that we or our tenants, managers or borrowers enhance pay and benefits packages to compete effectively for such personnel or use more costly contract or overtime labor. We and our tenants, managers and borrowers may not be able to offset such additional costs by increasing the rates we charge, whether to residents, tenants or others. If there is an increase in these costs or if we or our tenants, managers and borrowers fail to attract and retain qualified and skilled personnel, our respective businesses and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, policy and other actions taken in response to the pandemic and other recent events, such as the conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East and supply chain disruptions, have exacerbated, and may continue to exacerbate, increases in the consumer price index. Many of our costs and the costs of our tenants, managers and borrowers, including operating and administrative expenses, interest expense and real estate acquisition and construction costs, are subject to inflation. These include expenses for property-related contracted services, utilities, repairs and maintenance and insurance and general and administrative costs including compensation costs, technology services and professional service fees. See also We may face increased risks and costs associated with volatility in materials and labor prices or as a result of supply chain or procurement disruptions, which may adversely affect the status of our construction projects. Property taxes are also impacted by inflationary changes because taxes in some jurisdictions are regularly reassessed based on changes in the fair value of our properties. We may not be able to offset such additional costs by passing them through, or increasing the rates we charge, to residents and tenants. If there is an increase in these costs, our business, cash flows and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 U.S. government policies implemented to address inflation, including actions by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the U.S. Federal Reserve to increase interest rates, could negatively impact consumer spending, our and our tenants , managers and borrowers businesses, and future demand for our properties. In particular, primarily in response to concerns about inflation, the U.S. Federal Reserve significantly raised its benchmark federal funds rate compared to recent historical levels, which has led to elevated interest rates in the credit markets and other impacts on the macroeconomic environment. Elevated interest rates may continue to have an adverse impact on us and our tenants, managers and borrowers. See also Market conditions and the actual and perceived state of the capital markets generally could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. , If our tenants , managers or borrowers financial condition or business prospects deteriorate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Macroeconomic conditions and other events or occurrences that affect areas in which our properties are geographically concentrated may impact financial results. 
 
 We are exposed to general economic conditions, local, regional, national and international economic conditions and other events and occurrences that affect the markets in which we own properties. Our operating performance is impacted by the economic conditions of the specific markets in which we have concentrations of properties and could be adversely affected if conditions become less favorable in any such markets. 
 
 A substantial portion of our value is derived from properties in California, Illinois, New York, Pennsylvania, Texas and Quebec, Canada, and as a result, we are subject to increased exposure to adverse conditions affecting these regions, including downturns in the local economies or changes in local real estate conditions, changing demographics, increased construction and competition or decreased demand for our properties, regional climate events, such as wildfires or storms, and changes in state-specific legislation, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The secondary and tertiary effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 16 

The COVID-19 pandemic, policy and other actions taken in response to the pandemic materially and negatively impacted our businesses in a number of ways, and the secondary and tertiary effects of the COVID-19 pandemic are expected to continue to do so. For instance, our financial results were adversely impacted by increased operating costs at our senior housing communities as a result of labor pressures, public health measures and other operational and regulatory dynamics attributable or related to the pandemic and decreased revenues due to a reduction in occupancy in these communities. Many of our tenants, managers and borrowers also incurred significant costs or losses or are under increased financial pressure as a result of the pandemic and its secondary and tertiary effects, including as a result of increased expenses due to labor and inflationary pressures and elevated interest rates and decreased revenues, which increased the risk that they are unable to comply with their obligations to us. 
 
 Across our asset classes, the policy and other actions taken in response to the pandemic and its secondary and tertiary effects have created a heightened risk of financial deterioration, including bankruptcy or insolvency, of our tenants, borrowers, managers and other obligors due to factors such as continued decreased occupancy (which remains lower than pre-pandemic levels), increased labor and other operating expenses, elevated interest rates and exposure to increased litigation and regulatory risk. See also If our tenants , managers or borrowers financial condition or business prospects deteriorate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. and We face potential adverse consequences from the bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of our tenants, managers, borrowers and other obligors. 
 
 Senior housing communities were disproportionately impacted by COVID-19 and its secondary and tertiary effects . Lower labor force participation rates and inflationary pressures affecting wages drove increased labor expenses across senior housing communities, with our tenants, managers and borrowers implementing higher wage rates, more costly overtime and usage of contract labor to address these challenges. Our tenants, managers and borrowers have experienced significant cost increases as a result of inflationary pressures, increased health and safety measures, increased governmental regulation and compliance, vaccine mandates and other operational changes necessitated either directly or indirectly by the COVID-19 pandemic. Many of these expenses have remained at these higher levels even as the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided and labor force participation has increased above pre-pandemic levels and inflation increases have begun to mitigate. Increases in labor or other operating costs affects the net operating income of our SHOP segment and could affect the ability of our triple-net tenants and borrowers to meet their obligations to us, which in turn, could adversely affect our triple-net leased segment. 
 
 The secondary and tertiary effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on occupancy remains uncertain, especially as new strains of COVID-19 and other viruses and infections, such as flu and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), arise and spread and clinical trends fluctuate. Any decrease in occupancy would affect the net operating income of our SHOP segment and could affect the ability of our triple-net tenants and borrowers to meet their obligations to us, which in turn, could adversely affect our triple-net leased segment. 
 
 The secondary and tertiary effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, policy and other actions taken in response to the pandemic have impacted the macroeconomic environment and global financial markets in significant ways, including through increased rates of inflation and interest rates and increasing labor pressure. These consequences have adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations and that of our tenants, managers and borrowers. See also Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy-Macroeconomic trends including rising labor costs and historically low unemployment, increases in inflation, changes in exchange rates and rising interest rates may adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 The extent of the secondary and tertiary effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, policy and other actions taken in response to the pandemic on our operational and financial performance will depend on a variety of factors, including the rise of new variants of the COVID-19 virus and the effectiveness of available vaccines and therapeutics against those variants; the availability and accuracy of testing; the rate of acceptance of available vaccines, vaccine boosters and therapeutics; the speed at which available vaccines, including boosters and updated versions of vaccines, and therapeutics can be successfully deployed; the rise and spread of other health conditions, such as flu and RSV; ongoing clinical experience, which may differ considerably across governmental and regulatory bodies and regions and fluctuate over time; the ongoing impact on the macroeconomic environment and global financial markets, including on inflation, interest rates and the labor market; and on other future developments, including the ultimate duration, spread and intensity of new outbreaks of COVID-19 and other conditions, such as flu and RSV, the extent to which governments impose, rollback or re-impose preventative restrictions and the availability of ongoing government financial support to our business, tenants, managers and borrowers. 
 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain talented employees. The loss of any one of our key personnel or the inability to maintain appropriate staffing could adversely impact our business. 
 
 17 

The success of our business depends, in part, on the leadership and performance of our executive management team and key employees and the ability to maintain appropriate staffing levels across our organization. Failure to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified employees, or failure to develop and implement a viable succession plan, could result in loss of institutional knowledge or important skills sets or an ineffective culture, significantly impacting our performance and adversely affecting our business. 
 
 The historically low unemployment rate and tight labor market may make it difficult for us to hire skilled and unskilled employees to meet our staffing needs. Competition for talented employees is intense, and we cannot assure you that we will retain our employees or that we will be able to attract and retain other highly qualified individuals in the future. If our long-term compensation and retention plans and succession plans are not effective, if we lose any one or more of our key officers and employees or are unable to maintain appropriate staffing or operate below capacity causing us to forego potential revenue and growth opportunities and affecting our ability to effectively manage risk our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our third-party managers and tenants operate or exert substantial control over the properties that they manage for or rent from us, which limits our control and influence over operations and results. 
 
 A significant portion of our properties are either managed for us by third-party managers or leased from us by third-party tenants. Our third-party managers and tenants are ultimately in control of the day-to-day business of the properties that they manage for or lease from us. We have limited rights to direct or influence the business or operations of those properties, even though we have approval rights with respect to certain matters and the right to review operational and financial reporting information with respect to a majority of our portfolio. We depend on third parties to operate these properties in a manner that complies with applicable law and regulation, minimizes legal risk and maximizes the value of our investment. The failure by these third parties to operate these properties efficiently and effectively and adequately manage the related risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our operating assets may expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues or increase our costs and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Under the REIT tax rules, the senior housing communities in our SHOP segment that are qualified healthcare properties generally must be operated and managed for us by third-party managers and we have limited rights to direct or influence the business or operations of those communities. A number of our non-qualified healthcare properties are also managed by third-party managers. However, in each case, we nonetheless participate directly in the financial performance of the communities operations and are ultimately responsible for all operational risks and other liabilities of such properties, other than those arising out of certain actions by our managers, such as gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. These risks include, and our financial performance is impacted by, among other things, fluctuations in occupancy levels, the inability to charge desirable resident fees (including anticipated increases in those fees), increases in the cost of food, supplies, energy, labor (as a result of labor shortages, unionization, inflation or otherwise) or other services, rent control regulations, national and regional economic conditions, the imposition of new or increased taxes, capital expenditure requirements, changes in management or equity, accounting misstatements, professional and general liability claims, litigation and regulatory actions, and the availability and cost of insurance. Any one or a combination of these factors could impact the performance of our SHOP segment, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such risks could also arise as a result of our ownership of outpatient medical and research buildings, and which could also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We generally hold the applicable healthcare license and enroll in applicable government healthcare programs on behalf of the properties in our SHOP segment. This subjects us to potential liability under various healthcare laws and regulations. Healthcare laws and regulations are wide-ranging, and noncompliance may result in the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, including: the loss or suspension of accreditation, licenses or certificates of need; suspension of or non-payment for new admissions; denial of reimbursement; fines; suspension, decertification, or exclusion from federal, state and foreign healthcare programs or community closure. 
 
 A significant portion of our revenues and operating income is dependent on a limited number of tenants and managers, including Brookdale, Ardent, Kindred, Atria and Sunrise. 
 
 The portfolios managed or leased by Atria, Sunrise, Brookdale, Ardent and Kindred represent a substantial portion of our portfolio and account for a significant portion of our revenues and NOI. 
 
 18 

We rely on Atria and Sunrise to manage a significant portion of the properties in our SHOP segment, including by setting appropriate resident fees, managing expenses, providing accurate property-level financial results in a timely manner and otherwise operating our senior housing communities profitably and in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable law and regulation. Any adverse developments in such managers business and affairs or financial condition could impair their ability to manage our properties efficiently and effectively and could adversely affect the financial performance of our properties and our business, financial condition and results of operations. If either Atria or Sunrise experience financial, legal, accounting, regulatory or other difficulties that impact their financial stability or ability to operate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 We depend on Brookdale, Ardent and Kindred to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures, and to comply with the terms of the mortgage financing, if any, affecting the properties they lease from us. These tenants have also agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective businesses. We cannot assure you that they will be able to, or will continue to, satisfy their obligations to us, and any failure, inability or unwillingness by them to do so could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any failure by any one of Brookdale, Ardent or Kindred to effectively conduct its operations or to maintain and improve the properties they lease from us could adversely affect their financial condition and, in turn, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we need to replace any of our tenants or managers, we may be unable to do so on as favorable terms, if at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our leases and management agreements have set terms. For example, if not renewed, our lease of 23 LTACs to Kindred is set to expire on April 30, 2025 and our lease of 121 senior living assets to Brookdale is set to expire on December 31, 2025. While our leases and management agreements may be renewed, either pursuant to prenegotiated renewal rights or through negotiation, there can be no assurance that our tenants will renew their leases with us, or our managers will renew their management agreements with us. Even if a tenant renews its lease with us, or a manager renews its management agreement with us, we cannot assure you that the renewals will be on favorable terms. This risk may be exacerbated if market conditions at the time of the renewal are not as favorable as they were at the time the lease or management agreement was initially entered into or if the tenant or manager is subject to financial or operational difficulties. For instance, the financial performance of the properties leased to Kindred has declined since the end of the COVID-19 pandemic and the termination of the public health emergency, increasing the risk that Kindred will not renew its lease, either in whole or in part, or, even if the lease is renewed, that it will be on terms are not as favorable to us. See Our Businesses Senior Housing Operating Portfolio (SHOP) Triple-Net Leased Properties Kindred Lease in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report. 
 
 Our leases and management agreements provide us, our tenants and our managers with termination rights in certain circumstances. If our leases or management agreements are not renewed or are otherwise terminated, we may attempt to reposition those properties with one or more tenants or managers, as applicable, or for an alternative use. We may not be successful in identifying suitable replacements or entering into leases, management agreements or other arrangements with new tenants or managers on a timely basis or on terms as favorable to us as our current leases or management agreements, if at all. We may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (such as real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) or provide certain indemnities to preserve the value of, and avoid the imposition of liens on, our properties while they are being repositioned. 
 
 If our leases are not renewed or are otherwise terminated at some properties, we may attempt to sell those properties. We may not be successful in identifying suitable buyers or entering into sale agreements with buyers on a timely basis or on favorable terms, if at all, and we may be required to fund some expenses and obligations (such as real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of, and avoid the imposition of liens on, our properties while they are being sold. 
 
 During transition periods to new tenants or managers or as a result of a repositioning for an alternative use, the attention of existing tenants or managers may be diverted from the performance of the properties, which could cause the financial and operational performance at those properties to decline. Our ability to reposition our properties with a suitable replacement tenant or manager or for an alternative use could be significantly delayed or limited by state licensing, receivership, certificates of need, Medicaid change-of-ownership rules or other legal and regulatory requirements or restrictions. We could incur substantial additional expenses in connection with any licensing, receivership or change-of-ownership proceedings. 
 
 19 

In the case of our leased properties, following expiration of a lease term, or if we exercise our right to replace a tenant in default, rental payments on the related properties could decline or cease altogether while we attempt to reposition the properties with a suitable replacement tenant or for an alternative use. This risk could be exacerbated by laws and regulations in certain jurisdictions that limit our ability to take remedial action against defaulted tenants under certain circumstances. Market conditions in effect at the time of the expiration or default of a lease may require us to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge to retain tenants or obtain new suitable replacement tenants. Our ability to locate and attract suitable replacement tenants could be impaired by the specialized healthcare use or contractual restrictions on use of the property, and we may be forced to spend substantial amounts to adapt the properties to other uses. 
 
 If our tenants , managers or borrowers financial condition or business prospects deteriorate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 We rely heavily on our tenants, managers and borrowers and their ability to perform their obligations to us, regardless of whether our relationship is structured as a triple-net lease, as a management contract or as a loan. Any of our tenants, managers or borrowers may experience a weakening in their overall financial condition, including as a result of deteriorating operating performance, changes in industry or market conditions, including supply-demand dynamics, rising or elevated interest rates or inflation, or other factors. If their financial condition deteriorates, they may be unable or unwilling to make payments or perform their obligations to us in a timely manner, if at all. Although we generally have the right under specified circumstances to terminate a lease, evict a tenant, terminate our management agreements, demand immediate repayment of outstanding loan amounts or pursue other remedies, we may not be able to enforce these rights, or we may determine it is not prudent to do so if we believe that enforcement of our rights would be more detrimental to our business than seeking alternative approaches. 
 
 In some cases, our tenants, managers and borrowers may rely on reimbursements from governmental programs for a portion of their revenues. Changes in reimbursement policies and other governmental regulation resulting from actions by the U.S. Congress, U.S. executive orders or other governmental or regulatory agencies may result in reductions in our tenants , managers or borrowers revenues, operations and cash flows and affect our tenants , managers or borrowers ability to meet their obligations to us. Failure to comply with reimbursement regulations or other laws applicable to healthcare providers could result in penalties, fines, litigation costs, lost revenue or other consequences, which could adversely impact our tenants ability to make contractual rent payments to us or adversely impact our cash flows from operations under a management arrangement. Our tenants, managers and borrowers who operate senior housing communities often depend on private pay sources consisting of the income or assets of residents or their family members to pay fees. Costs associated with independent and assisted living services generally are not reimbursable under government reimbursement programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid. 
 
 Our tenants, managers and borrowers depend on their ability to attract seniors, patients and other users of their services to their businesses, which may be affected by many factors, including, among other factors: (i) prevailing economic conditions and market trends, including market volatility, inflation and the strength of the economy generally and the housing market in particular; (ii) the ability to pay for such services, either through private resources or government reimbursement programs; (iii) consumer confidence; (iv) demographics; (v) property conditions; (vi) clinical conditions and safety, including as a result of a severe cold and flu season, an epidemic or any other widespread illness, such as that seen throughout the COVID-19 pandemic; (vi) public perception about such healthcare services; and (vii) social and environmental factors. 
 
 If our tenants, managers or borrowers fail to effectively conduct their operations, or to maintain and improve our properties on our behalf, it could adversely affect (i) their ability to attract and retain patients and residents in our properties, which could have an adverse effect on our and our tenants , managers or borrowers business, financial condition or results of operations and (ii) our business reputation as the owner of the properties and the business reputation of our tenants, managers or borrowers. Further, if a tenant, manager or borrower defaults or fails to pay its outstanding obligations at a time when terminating our agreement with, or replacing, such tenant, manager or borrower may be extremely difficult or impossible, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may elect instead to amend such agreement with such tenant, manager or borrower. However, such amendments may be on terms that are less favorable to us than the original agreements and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We face potential adverse consequences from the bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of our tenants, managers, borrowers and other obligors. 
 
 We lease a significant number of our properties to tenants, operate a significant number of our properties through third-party managers and provide financing to third-party borrowers. We have limited control over the success or failure of our tenants , managers and borrowers businesses, and, at any time, a tenant, borrower or manager may experience a downturn in 
 20 

its business that weakens its financial condition. If that happens, the tenant, borrower or manager may fail to make payments or meet its other obligations to us, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 A downturn in any one of our tenants , borrowers or managers businesses could ultimately lead to its bankruptcy if it is unable to timely resolve the underlying causes, which may be largely outside of its control. Bankruptcy and insolvency laws afford certain rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization that may render certain of our rights and remedies unenforceable or delay our ability to pursue such rights and remedies and realize any recoveries. For example, we cannot evict a tenant solely because it has filed a bankruptcy petition. A debtor-lessee may reject our lease in a bankruptcy proceeding, and any claim we have for unpaid rent might not be paid in full. We also may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (such as real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of our properties, avoid the imposition of liens on our properties or transition our properties to a new tenant or manager. 
 
 Bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings may result in increased costs and require significant management attention and resources. If we are unable to transition affected properties efficiently and effectively, such properties could experience prolonged operational disruption, leading to lower occupancy rates and further depressed revenues. Publicity about a tenant s, borrower s or manager s financial condition and insolvency proceedings may negatively impact its reputation, which could result in decreased customer demand and revenues. Any or all of these risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These risks would be magnified where we lease multiple properties to a single third party, as a failure or default would expose us to these risks across multiple properties. 
 
 See also If a borrower defaults, we may be unable to obtain payment, successfully foreclose on collateral or realize the value of any collateral, which could adversely affect our ability to recover our investment. below. 
 
 We may be required to recognize reserves, allowances, credit losses or impairment charges. 
 
 Declines in the value of our properties or other assets or loan collateral, financial deterioration of our borrowers or other obligors or other factors may result in the recognition of reserves, allowances, credit losses or impairment charges. Our determination of such reserves, allowances or credit losses relies on estimates regarding the fair value of any loan collateral, which is a complex and subjective process. In addition, we evaluate our assets for impairments based on various triggers, including market conditions, our current intentions with respect to holding or disposing of the assets and the expected future undiscounted cash flows from the assets. Impairments, reserves, allowances and credit losses are based on estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain, may increase or decrease in the future and may not represent or reflect the ultimate value of, or loss that we ultimately realize with respect to, the relevant assets. Any such impairment, reserve, allowance or credit loss, or any change in any of the foregoing, could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 See also If a borrower defaults, we may be unable to obtain payment, successfully foreclose on collateral or realize the value of any collateral, which could adversely affect our ability to recover our investment. and We face potential adverse consequences from the bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of our tenants, managers, borrowers and other obligors. 
 
 If a borrower defaults, we may be unable to obtain payment, successfully foreclose on collateral or realize the value of any collateral, which could adversely affect our ability to recover our investment. 
 
 If a borrower defaults under a mortgage or other loan for which we are the lender, we may attempt to obtain payment in full or foreclose on the collateral securing the loan, including by acquiring any pledged equity interests or acquiring title to the subject properties, to protect our investment. The defaulting borrower may not be able to repay us even if we are legally entitled to full repayment of the debt. The defaulting borrower may contest our enforcement of foreclosure or other available remedies, seek bankruptcy protection against our exercise of enforcement or other available remedies or bring claims against us for lender liability. Any such delay or limit on our ability to pursue our rights or remedies could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. See We face potential adverse consequences from the bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of our tenants, managers, borrowers and other obligors. above. 
 
 Although our loan agreements give us the right to exercise, under certain circumstances, certain remedies in the event of default on the obligations owing to us, we may decide not to exercise those remedies for one or more reasons. For example, we may not exercise remedies (or be successful in exercising remedies) if the terms are not enforceable, if the terms are too costly to enforce or if we believe that enforcement of our rights would be more detrimental to our business than seeking alternative approaches. We may also decide not to enforce other contractual protections, such as annual rent escalators, or the properties may not generate sufficient revenue to achieve the specified rent escalation parameters. 
 21 

Even if we successfully foreclose on any collateral securing our mortgages and other loans, costs related to enforcement of our remedies, high loan-to-value ratios or declines in the value of the collateral could prevent us from realizing the full amount of our investment and we could be required to record a reserve or valuation allowance with respect to such loans. The collateral securing our mortgages and other loans may include equity interests in an entity with unexpected liabilities that limits the value of those equity interests, or the equity interests may be subject to securities law restrictions that limit our ability to sell those interests in a timely manner, if at all. The mortgages and other loans we hold may have other limiting characteristics that result in us not having full recourse to the collateral securing those obligations or may limit our flexibility if we foreclose on the collateral. In connection with any foreclosure on any loan, we may be required to assume, replace or otherwise incur indebtedness, which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition. We may be unable to reposition any real property included in acquired collateral on a timely basis, if at all, or without making significant improvements or repairs. Any delay or costs incurred in selling or repositioning acquired collateral could adversely affect our ability to recover the full amount of our investment. 
 
 We are vulnerable to adverse changes affecting our specific asset classes and the real estate industry generally. 
 
 We invest in a variety of assets classes in real estate, including senior housing, outpatient medical, research, hospitals, long-term acute care facilities and other healthcare properties. While we endeavor to invest in a diversified portfolio, there can be no assurance that in a particular economic or operational environment all assets will perform equally well or that our balance sheet will be appropriately balanced. Each of our asset classes are subject to their own dynamics and their own specific operational, financial, compliance, regulatory and market risks. 
 
 A broad downturn or slowdown in the healthcare real estate sector could have a greater adverse impact on our business than if we had investments in multiple industries and could negatively impact the ability of our tenants, managers and borrowers to meet their obligations to us. A downturn or slowdown in any one of our asset classes could adversely affect the value of our properties in such asset class and our ability to sell such properties at prices or on terms acceptable or favorable to us if at all. 
 
 We are exposed to the risks inherent in investments in real estate. Real estate investments are relatively illiquid, and our ability to quickly sell or exchange our properties in response to changes in economic or other conditions is limited. If we market any of our properties for sale, the value of those properties and our ability to sell at prices or on terms acceptable to us could be adversely affected by a downturn in the real estate industry. Transfers of healthcare real estate may be subject to regulatory approvals that are not required for transfers of other types of commercial real estate. We cannot assure you that we will recognize the full value of any property that we sell, and the inability to respond quickly to changes in the performance of our investments could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 To the extent that we or our tenants, managers and borrowers are unable to navigate successfully the trends impacting our or their businesses and the industries in which we or they operate, we may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our tenants, managers and borrowers include senior housing managers, hospitals, post-acute facilities and other healthcare systems, medical practices and life sciences and technology companies that are subject to a complex set of trends affecting their businesses and the industries in which they operate. If we or they are unable to successfully navigate these trends, our business, financial condition and results and that of our tenants, managers and borrowers could be adversely affected. 
 
 There have been, and there are expected to continue to be, advances and changes in technology, payment models, healthcare delivery models, regulation and consumer behavior and perception that could reduce demand for on-site activities provided at our properties. For example, the increased demand in telehealth solutions could broadly impact market demand for our properties and cause long-term structural changes in the marketplace. If our tenants, managers or borrowers are unable to adapt to long-term changes in demand, their financial condition could be materially impacted and our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. 
 
 Our tenants, managers and borrowers face a highly competitive labor market, which has been compounded by general inflationary pressures on wages and the secondary and tertiary effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and could be further compounded by a shortage of care givers or other trained personnel, union activities or minimum wage laws. For example, California SB-525, which was signed into law in June 2023 and will become effective in June, 2024, requires certain healthcare facility employers to pay wages for certain covered employees that are higher than other state-mandated minimum wages. Pressures such as these may require our tenants, managers and borrowers to comply with regulations or enhance pay and benefits packages to compete effectively for trained personnel or use high-cost alternatives to meet labor needs, including 
 22 

contract and overtime labor. They may be unable to offset these increased costs by increasing the amounts they charge their patients, residents or clients. Rising labor expense could negatively impact the financial condition of our tenants, managers and borrowers and impair their ability to meet their obligations to us. 
 
 Controls imposed by Medicare, Medicaid and commercial third-party payors designed to reduce admissions and lengths of stay, commonly referred to as utilization reviews, have affected and are expected to continue to affect certain of our tenants, specifically acute care hospitals and post-acute facilities. The U.S. Congress and certain state legislatures have introduced and passed a number of proposals and legislation designed to make major changes in the healthcare system, including changes that directly or indirectly affect reimbursement and the availability of home healthcare options. Several of these laws, including the Affordable Care Act, have promoted shifting from traditional fee-for-service reimbursement models to alternative payment models that tie reimbursement to quality and cost of care, such as accountable care organizations and bundled payments. See Government Regulation United States Healthcare Regulation, Licensing and Enforcement included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report. These and other trends could significantly and adversely affect the profitability of these tenants, which could affect their ability to make payments or meet their other obligations to us or their willingness to renew their leases on terms that are as favorable to us, or at all. 
 
 The hospitals on or near the campuses where our outpatient medical buildings are located and their affiliated health systems may not remain competitive or financially viable. 
 
 Our outpatient medical buildings and other properties that serve the healthcare industry depend on the competitiveness and financial viability of the hospitals on or near the campuses where our properties are located or that our properties are otherwise affiliated with, and their ability to attract physicians and other healthcare-related clients to our properties. The viability of these hospitals, in turn, depends on a solid quality and mix of healthcare services provided, successful competition for patients, physicians and physician groups, positive demographic trends in the surrounding community, positive macroeconomic conditions, superior market position and growth potential as well as the ability of the affiliated health systems to provide economies of scale and access to capital. If a hospital on or near the campus where one of our properties is located fails or becomes unable to meet its financial obligations, and if an affiliated health system is unable to support that hospital, that hospital may be unable to compete successfully. That could adversely impact the hospital s ability to attract physicians and other healthcare-related clients, and, in some cases, the hospital might even close or relocate. We rely on proximity to and affiliations with hospitals to create leasing demand in our outpatient medical buildings and similar properties. If a hospital moves, closes, doesn t remain competitive or financially viable or can t attract physicians and physician groups, our properties and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 We rely on relationships with universities, and changes in our relationships with those universities could adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 Our research and other properties that serve the life sciences industry often depend on maintaining strong relationships with colleges and universities who often are anchor tenants in our properties and often serve as the ground lessor for the land upon which our properties are built. Many of these colleges and universities have significant endowments, a low cost of capital and own and operate their own competing on-campus facilities. These colleges and universities may not renew their leases with us or may not invest their resources in the programming conducted within the space they lease from us, which could have an adverse effect on our properties and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our research tenants face unique levels of expense and uncertainty. 
 
 Our research tenants develop and sell products and services in an industry that is characterized by rapid and significant changes, evolving industry standards, significant research and development risk, in some cases, and uncertainty over the implementation of new healthcare reform or medical device legislation. These tenants, particularly those involved in developing and marketing pharmaceutical or other life science products, require significant outlays of funds for the research and development, clinical testing, manufacture and commercialization of their products and technologies, as well as to fund their other obligations, including rent payments to us. Our tenants ability to raise capital depends on the timely success of their research and development activities, viability of their products and technologies, their financial and operating condition and outlook and the overall financial, banking and economic environment. If private investors, the federal government, universities, public markets or other sources of funding are unavailable to support these tenants because of general economic conditions, adverse market conditions or otherwise, a tenant may not be able to pay rent or meet its other obligations to us and its business may fail. The financing market for research companies has been and may continue to be volatile, which may contribute to these risks. 
 
 23 

The research and development, clinical testing, manufacture and marketing of some of our tenants products require federal, state and foreign regulatory approvals. The approval process is typically long, expensive and uncertain. Even if our tenants have sufficient funds to seek approvals, one or all of their products may fail to obtain the required regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all. Our tenants may only have a small number of products under development. If one product fails to receive the required approvals at any stage of development, it could significantly and adversely affect the tenant s entire business. Our tenants may be unable to manufacture their products successfully or economically, may be unable to adapt to rapid technological advances in their industry, may be unable to adequately obtain, maintain, enforce, defend, protect or commercialize their intellectual property, may face competition from new products or may not receive acceptance of their products. If our research tenants business deteriorates for these or any other reasons, they may be unable to make payments or meet their other obligations to us. 
 
 We cannot assure you that any of our research tenants will be successful in their businesses. Any tenant that is unable to avoid, or sufficiently mitigate, the risks described above may have difficulty making payments or satisfying its other obligations to us, which in turn could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. See also If we need to replace any of our tenants or managers, we may be unable to do so on as favorable terms, if at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Increased construction and development in the markets in which our properties are located could adversely affect our future occupancy rates, operating margins and profitability. 
 
 If existing supply and development collectively outpaces demand in the markets in which our properties are located, those markets may become saturated and we could experience decreased occupancy, reduced operating margins and lower profitability, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Depending on the jurisdiction, there are limited barriers to developing properties in our asset classes, particularly senior housing. As a result, supply and demand dynamics can change quickly. We may be unable to rebalance our portfolio in a timely manner in order to respond to changes in those dynamics. 
 
 Merger, acquisition and investment activity in our industries resulting in a change of control of, or a competitor s investment in, one or more of our tenants, managers or borrowers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The senior housing and healthcare industries have experienced and may continue to experience consolidation, including among owners of real estate, tenants, managers, borrowers and care providers. When a change of control of a tenant, manager or borrower occurs, that tenant s, manager s or borrower s strategy, financial condition, management team or real estate needs may change, any of which could adversely affect our relationship with that party and our revenues and results of operations. If any of our tenants or managers merge with one another, our dependence on a small group of significant third parties would increase, as would our exposure to the risks described above under Our investments in and acquisitions of properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations. A competitor s investment in one of our tenants, managers or borrowers could enable our competitor to directly or indirectly influence that tenant s, manager s or borrower s business and strategy in a manner that impairs our relationship with the tenant, manager or borrower or is otherwise adverse to our interests. Depending on our contractual agreements and the specific facts and circumstances, we may not have the right to prevent a competitor s investment in, a change of control of, or other transactions impacting a tenant, manager or borrower. 
 
 Our ongoing strategy depends, in part, upon identifying and consummating future acquisitions and investments and effectively managing our expansion opportunities. 
 
 An important part of our business strategy is to continue to expand and diversify our portfolio, directly or indirectly with third parties, through accretive acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activities in domestic and international healthcare real estate. Our ability to execute this strategy successfully is affected by many factors, including the significant competition we face for acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment opportunities, the availability of suitable opportunities, our relationships with current and prospective clients and partners, our ability to obtain debt and equity capital at costs comparable to or better than our competitors and lower than the yield we earn on our acquisitions or investments and our ability to negotiate favorable terms with counterparties, including buyers and sellers of assets. We compete for these opportunities with a broad variety of potential investors, including other healthcare REITs, real estate partnerships, healthcare providers, healthcare lenders and other investors, including developers, banks, insurance companies, pension funds, government-sponsored entities and private equity firms, some of whom may have advantages compared to us, including greater financial resources and lower costs of capital. See Business Competition included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report. If 
 24 

we are unsuccessful at identifying and capitalizing on investment, acquisition, development and redevelopment opportunities and otherwise expanding and diversifying our portfolio, our growth and profitability may be adversely affected. 
 
 When expanding into areas that are new to us, we face numerous risks and uncertainties, including risks associated with (i) the required investment of capital and other resources; (ii) the possibility that we have insufficient expertise to engage in such activities profitably or without incurring inappropriate amounts of risk; (iii) the diversion of management s attention from our other businesses; (iv) the increasing demands on or issues related to operational and management systems and controls; (v) compliance with additional legal or regulatory requirements with which we are not familiar; and (vi) the broadening of our geographic footprint, including the risks associated with conducting operations in non-U.S. jurisdictions. Any new strategies, markets or businesses that we enter into may not be successful or meet our expectations, or we may be unable to effectively monitor or manage our portfolio of properties as it expands. Failure to meet any of these objectives could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our investments in and acquisitions of properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations. 
 
 We have made and expect to continue to make significant acquisitions and investments as part of our overall business strategy. Investing in and acquiring healthcare real estate entails risks associated with real estate investments generally, including the risk that the investment will not achieve expected returns, that the cost estimates for necessary property improvements will prove inaccurate or that a tenant, manager or borrower will fail to meet performance expectations or their obligations to us. We also make acquisitions and investments outside the United States, which raises legal, economic and market risks associated with doing business in foreign countries, such as currency exchange fluctuations and foreign tax risks. 
 
 Our real estate development and redevelopment projects present additional risks, including the risk of construction delays or cost overruns that increase expenses, the inability to obtain required zoning, occupancy and other governmental approvals and permits on a timely basis and the incurrence of significant costs prior to completion of the project. Healthcare real estate properties are often highly customized, and the development or redevelopment of such properties may require costly tenant-specific or market-driven improvements. 
 
 Other risks that our significant acquisition and investment activity, including our developments and redevelopments, presents include that: 
 
 We may be unable to successfully integrate the operations, personnel or systems of acquired companies, maintain consistent standards, controls, policies and procedures, retain key personnel or companies we acquire or realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions and other investments within the anticipated time frame if at all; 
 
 Our underwriting assumptions, including projections of estimated future revenues and expenses and anticipated synergies and other costs savings, and other financial and operating metrics that we develop may be inaccurate, in which case we may not be able to realize the expected benefits of the acquisition, investment, development or redevelopment; 
 
 Our leverage could increase or our per share financial results could decline if we incur additional debt or issue equity securities to finance acquisitions and investments; 
 
 Acquisitions and investments could divert management s attention from our existing assets; 
 
 The value of the assets we acquire or invest in may decline or we may not realize the expected return on the developments or redevelopments we undertake; and 
 
 If our acquisitions, investments, developments and redevelopments are not successful, the market price of our common stock may decline. 
 
 See also Our ongoing strategy depends, in part, upon identifying and consummating future acquisitions and investments and effectively managing our expansion opportunities. below. 
 
 We cannot assure you that our acquisitions, investments, developments and redevelopments will be successful or meet our expectations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 25 

Our investments in co-investment vehicles, joint ventures and minority interests may subject us to risks and liabilities that we would not otherwise face. 
 
 We have and may continue to develop and acquire properties in co-investment vehicles or joint ventures with other persons or entities when circumstances warrant the use of these structures. In 2020, we formed Ventas Investment Management VIM to combine our private capital management capabilities for certain assets under a single platform. We also own minority investments in properties and unconsolidated operating entities. These minority investments usually entitle us to typical rights and protections but inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations than if we owned a majority interest. In the future, we may enter into additional co-investments, partnerships and joint ventures, either through VIM or otherwise. 
 
 There can be no assurance that our co-investments, joint ventures, minority or other investments, which we refer to collectively below as investments and ventures, will be successful or meet our expectations. These investments and ventures involve significant risk, including, among others, the following: 
 
 We may be unable to take actions that are opposed by our partners under arrangements that require us to share decision-making authority; 
 
 For investments and ventures in which we have a noncontrolling interest, our partners may take actions that we oppose; 
 
 If our partners become bankrupt, insolvent or otherwise fail to fund their share of required capital contributions or fulfill other partner obligations, we may choose to or be required to contribute that capital; 
 
 Some of our investments and ventures may incur indebtedness; in some cases, we may guarantee the payment of such indebtedness, in whole or in part; depending on credit market conditions, the refinancing or payoff of such indebtedness may require equity capital calls, which we or our partner may not be capable of funding or which may be required at inopportune times; 
 
 We may be subject to restrictions on our ability to transfer our interest in the investment or venture, which may require us to retain our interest at a time when we would otherwise prefer to sell it; 
 
 Our partners may have business interests or goals that conflict with our business interests and goals, including the timing, terms and strategies for any investments, and what levels of financing to incur or carry; 
 
 Our partners may be structured differently than us for tax purposes and this could create conflicts of interest, including with respect to our compliance with the REIT requirements, and our REIT status could be jeopardized if any of our joint ventures do not operate in compliance with REIT requirements; 
 
 Our investments or ventures or our partners may be unable to meet their financial or other obligations to us or to the investment or venture, including any obligation to provide equity to the investment or venture or indemnify us or the investment or venture for losses; 
 
 Our partners may have competing interests in our markets that could create conflicts of interest; 
 
 We could experience an impasse on certain decisions where we do not have sole decision-making authority, which could require us to expend additional resources on resolving such impasses or potential disputes; 
 
 We could become engaged in a dispute with any of our partners that could lead to the sale of either parties ownership interest or the underlying assets; 
 
 Disagreements with our partners could result in litigation or arbitration; and 
 
 We may suffer other losses as a result of actions taken by our partners. 
 
 In some instances, our partners may have the right to cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partner s interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction . O ur ability to acquire our partner s interest will be limited if we do not have sufficient cash, available borrowing capacity or other capital resources. This may require us to sell our interest in the investment or venture when we would otherwise prefer to retain it. 
 26 

In certain circumstances, Ventas serves as managing member, general partner or controlling party with respect to investments and ventures, including the Ventas Fund and our joint venture with GIC. In such instances, we may face additional risks including, among others, the following: 
 
 Ventas may have increased duties to the other investors or partners in the investment or venture; 
 
 In the event of certain events or conflicts, our partners may have recourse against Ventas, including the right to monetary penalties, the ability to force a sale or exit the investment or venture; 
 
 Our partners may have the right to remove us as the general partner or managing member in certain cases involving cause; and 
 
 Our subsidiaries that would be the general partner or managing member of the investment or venture could be generally liable, under applicable law or the governing agreement of a venture, for the debts and obligations of the investment or venture, subject to certain exculpation and indemnification rights pursuant to the terms of the governing agreement. 
 
 Damage to our reputation could adversely affect our business, financial condition or result of operations. 
 
 Our positive reputation for quality and service with our stakeholders, including our tenants, managers, development partners, lenders and stockholders, could be damaged. Such damage to our reputation could result if, for example, we experience a sustained period of distress, either as a result of general market conditions or otherwise, where our properties underperform, our tenants or managers default or in other instances that result in misalignment with those parties. Damage to our reputation could result in a decrease in the market price of our common stock or make it more difficult to continue to grow and expand our relationships with our tenants, managers, development partners and lenders, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Development, redevelopment and construction risks could affect our profitability. 
 
 We invest in various development and redevelopment projects. In deciding whether to make an investment in a project, we make certain underwriting assumptions regarding expected future performance. Our assumptions are subject to risks generally associated with development and redevelopment projects, including, among others, that: 
 
 Tenants may not lease the amount of space projected or at the projected rental rate levels or lease on the projected schedule, including due to increased competition in the market and other market and economic conditions; 
 
 Our underwriting assumptions and other financial and operating metrics that we develop, such as the estimated costs necessary to develop or redevelop the property, may be inaccurate, in which case we may not be able to realize the expected benefits of the project; 
 
 We may not complete the project on schedule or within budgeted amounts; 
 
 We may not be able to recognize rental revenue even though cash rent is being paid and the lease has commenced; 
 
 We may encounter delays in obtaining or we may fail to obtain necessary zoning, land use, building, occupancy, environmental and other governmental permits and authorizations; 
 
 We may be unable to obtain financing for the project on favorable terms or at all, including at the maturity of an applicable construction loan; 
 
 Construction or other delays may provide tenants or residents the right to terminate preconstruction leases or cause us to incur additional costs, including through rent abatement; 
 
 Volatility in the price of construction materials or labor may increase our project costs; 
 
 Any partners in the project may maintain significant decision-making authority with respect to the project, which lessens our control and could lead to increased costs, project delays or disputes; 
 
 27 

Our builders or development managers may fail to meet their obligations to us or satisfy the expectations of our tenants and partners; and 
 
 We may incorrectly forecast risks associated with development in new geographic regions or addressing markets that are new to us, including new markets where we may not have sufficient depth of market knowledge. 
 
 We may face increased risks and costs associated with volatility in materials and labor prices or as a result of supply chain or procurement disruptions, which may adversely affect the status of our construction projects. 
 
 The price of commodities and skilled labor for our construction projects may increase due to external factors, including, but not limited to, performance of third-party suppliers and contractors; overall market supply and demand; elevated or increasing interest rates; government regulation and policies, including actions taken by the Federal Reserve, and changes in general business, economic or political conditions. As a result, the costs of construction materials and skilled labor required for the completion of our development and redevelopment projects may fluctuate significantly over time. 
 
 We rely on a number of third-party suppliers and contractors to supply materials and skilled labor for our construction projects. We may experience difficulties obtaining necessary materials from suppliers or vendors whose supply chains might be disrupted by macroeconomic conditions or otherwise, or difficulties obtaining adequate skilled labor from third-party contractors in a tightening labor market. If we are unable to access materials and labor to complete our construction projects within our expected budgets and meet our tenants demands and expectations in a timely and efficient manner, our results of operations may be adversely impacted. We may be unable to complete our development or redevelopment projects timely or within our budget, which may affect our ability to lease space to potential tenants and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If any of the risks described above occur, our development and redevelopment projects may not yield anticipated returns, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We own properties that are subject to ground lease, air rights or other restrictive agreements that limit our uses of the properties, restrict our ability to sell or otherwise transfer the properties and expose us to loss of the properties if such agreements are breached by us or terminated. 
 
 Our investments in outpatient medical buildings and research buildings and facilities as well as other properties may be made through leasehold interests in the land on which the buildings are located, leases of air rights for the space above the land on which the buildings are located, or other similar restrictive arrangements. Many of these ground lease, air rights and other restrictive agreements impose significant limitations on our uses of the subject properties, restrict our ability to sell or otherwise transfer our interests in the properties or restrict the leasing of the properties. These restrictions may limit our ability to timely sell or exchange the properties, impair the properties value or negatively impact our ability to find suitable tenants for the properties. We could lose our interests in the subject properties if the ground lease, air rights or other restrictive agreements are breached by us, are terminated or expire. In addition, we could be forced to renegotiate such ground leases upon their expiration on terms that are unfavorable to us. 
 
 Purchase options, rights of first offer or rights of first refusal in favor of third parties could negatively affect us or discourage prospective buyers from negotiating with us with respect to the sale of our properties. 
 
 Some of our properties are subject to purchase options, rights of first offer, rights of first refusal or similar rights in favor of third parties. Purchase options for our properties may give a third party the right to purchase the property at fair market value, at a price set based on our investment in the property, or at fixed prices as of certain dates. The proceeds we receive as a result of the exercise of a purchase option may be less than the price we paid for the property, and we may not be able to re-invest the proceeds on favorable terms or at all. In addition, purchase options could force us to sell a property when we would otherwise prefer to hold such property. Purchase options, rights of first offer or rights of first refusal that encumber our properties could discourage prospective buyers from negotiating with us and may prevent us from receiving the maximum price that we may otherwise have obtained. 
 
 Damage from catastrophic or extreme weather and other natural events and the physical effects of climate change could result in losses to the Company. 
 
 Some of our properties are in areas particularly susceptible to revenue loss, cost increase or damage caused by catastrophic or extreme weather and other natural events, including fires, snow, rain or ice storms, windstorms, tornadoes, 
 28 

hurricanes, earthquakes, flooding and other severe weather. These adverse weather and natural events could cause substantial damages or losses to our properties that could exceed our or our tenants , borrowers or managers property insurance coverage. Any of these events could cause a major power outage, leading to a disruption of our systems and operations. If we incur a loss greater than insured limits, or if for any reason insurance coverage is unavailable, we could lose our capital invested in the affected property, as well as anticipated future revenue from that property. Any such loss could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Climate change may also have indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of (or making unavailable) property insurance on terms we find acceptable. 
 
 If significant changes in the climate occur in areas where our properties are located, we may experience extreme weather and changes in precipitation and temperature, all of which may result in physical damage to or a decrease in demand for properties located in these areas or affected by these conditions. Where climate change has a significant or sustained impact, our properties could be destroyed and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 Changes in federal, state or foreign legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing properties and could also require us to spend more on our new development properties without a corresponding increase in revenue. 
 
 Activist investors could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert management s attention and have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Activist investors may from time to time engage in proxy solicitations, advance shareholder proposals or otherwise attempt to affect changes or acquire control over us. For example, on January 10, 2024 an activist investor nominated three candidates to our Board of Directors in connection with our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Responding to these actions can be costly and time-consuming, divert the attention of our Board and management from the management of our business and the pursuit of our business strategies. In addition to incurred costs, perceived uncertainties as to our future direction may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, damage to our reputation and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified directors, personnel and business partners. These actions could also cause our stock price to experience periods of volatility. 
 
 Our Capital Structure Risks 
 
 Market conditions and the actual and perceived state of the capital markets generally could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are dependent on the capital markets and any disruption to the capital markets or our ability to access such markets could impair our ability to fulfill our dividend requirements, make payments to our security holders or otherwise finance our business operations. Adverse developments affecting economies throughout the world, including rising inflation, a general tightening of availability of credit (including the price, terms and conditions under which it can be obtained), the state of the public and private capital markets, decreased liquidity in certain financial markets, elevated or increased interest rates, foreign exchange fluctuations, declining consumer confidence, the actual or perceived state of the real estate market, tightened labor markets or significant declines in stock markets, as well as concerns regarding pandemics, epidemics and the spread of contagious diseases, could impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, unfavorable changes in general economic conditions, including recessions, economic slowdowns, high unemployment and rising prices or the perception by consumers of weak or weakening economic conditions may reduce disposable income and impact consumer spending in healthcare or senior housing, for example, which could adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 During inflationary periods, interest rates have historically increased, which would have, and in recent periods has had, a direct effect on the interest expense and overall cost of our borrowings. In particular, primarily in response to concerns about inflation, the U.S. Federal Reserve has significantly raised its benchmark federal funds rate, which has led to increases in interest rates in the credit markets. The U.S. Federal Reserve may continue to raise the federal funds rate, may maintain an elevated federal funds rate for longer than the market expects, or may not lower the federal funds rate consistent with market expectations. Any of these actions or failure to take action could result in higher interest rates in the credit markets and the possibility of lower asset values, slowing economic growth and/or a recession. We are exposed to increases in or elevated interest rates in the short term through our variable-rate borrowings, which consist of borrowings under our unsecured credit facility, our unsecured term loans, our commercial paper program and certain other credit facilities. Therefore, interest rate increases or sustained elevated interest rates, due to inflation or otherwise, have in recent periods increased and may continue to increase our interest expense under these variable-rate facilities in the short term and increase our financing costs as we refinance our existing variable-rate and fixed-rate long-term borrowings, or incur additional interest expense related to the issuance of incremental debt in the long term. 
 29 

To the extent there is turmoil in the global financial markets, this turmoil has the potential to adversely affect (i) the value of our properties (ii) the availability or the terms of financing that we have or may be able to obtain (iii) our ability to make principal and interest payments on, or refinance when due, any outstanding indebtedness (iv) our ability to pay a dividend and (v) the ability of our tenants, managers and borrowers to satisfy their obligations to us. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets may also adversely affect the market price of our securities. 
 
 We are exposed to increases in interest rates, which could reduce our profitability and adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt, sell assets or engage in acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activity, and our decision to hedge against interest rate risk might not be effective. 
 
 Interest rates have risen over the past number of years. Increases in or elevated interest rates may result in a decrease in the value of our real estate, a decrease in the market price of our common stock and a decrease in our cash flows and net income. Increases in or elevated interest rates may also adversely affect the securities markets generally, which could reduce the market price of our common stock without regard to our operating performance. Any such unfavorable changes to our borrowing costs and price of our common stock could significantly impact our ability to raise new debt and equity capital going forward and increase the cost of financing on our acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activity. An increase in or elevated interest rates also could limit our ability to refinance existing debt upon maturity or cause us to pay higher rates upon refinancing, as well as decrease the amount that third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to promptly reposition our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions. 
 
 We receive a significant portion of our revenues by leasing assets under long-term triple-net leases that generally provide for fixed rental rates subject to annual escalations, while certain of our debt obligations are floating rate obligations with interest and related payments that vary with the movement of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), Bankers Acceptance or other indexes. The generally fixed rate nature of a significant portion of our revenues and the variable rate nature of certain of our debt obligations create interest rate risk. If interest rates continue to rise or remain elevated, the costs of our existing floating rate debt would increase or remain elevated and any new debt that we incur could increase. These increased costs could reduce our profitability, impair our ability to meet our debt obligations, or increase the cost of financing our acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activity. 
 
 We may seek to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility with hedging arrangements that involve additional risks, including the risks that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements, that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes, that the amount of income we earn from hedging transactions may be limited by federal tax provisions governing REITs, and that these arrangements may cause us to pay higher interest rates on our debt obligations than otherwise would be the case. Moreover, no amount of hedging activity can fully insulate us from the risks associated with changes in interest rates. Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate risk, if we choose to engage in such activities, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We have a significant amount of outstanding indebtedness and may incur additional indebtedness in the future. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 13.6 billion of outstanding principal indebtedness. The instruments governing our existing indebtedness permit us to incur substantial additional debt, including secured debt, and we may satisfy our capital and liquidity needs through additional borrowings. Our indebtedness requires us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, thereby reducing the funds available to implement our business strategy and make distributions to stockholders. A high level of indebtedness on an absolute basis or as a ratio to our cash flow could also have the following consequences: 
 
 Potential limits on our ability to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions and vulnerability in the event of a downturn in general economic conditions or in the real estate or healthcare industries; 
 
 Potential impairment of our ability to obtain additional financing to execute on our business strategy; and 
 
 Potential downgrade in the rating of our debt securities by one or more rating agencies, which could have the effect of, among other things, limiting our access to capital and increasing our cost of borrowing. 
 
 We mortgage, and expect to continue to mortgage, certain of our properties to secure payment of indebtedness. If we are unable to meet our mortgage payments, then the encumbered properties could be foreclosed upon or transferred to the mortgagee with a resulting loss of income and asset value. 
 
 30 

We are highly dependent on access to the capital markets. Limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on us, including our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy. 
 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to raise the capital necessary to meet our debt service obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy if our cash flow from operations is insufficient to satisfy these needs. We cannot assure you that conditions in the capital markets will not deteriorate, that our access to capital and other sources of funding will not become constrained or that interest rates will not rise, any of which could adversely affect the availability and terms of future borrowings, renewals or refinancings and our results of operations and financial condition. If we cannot access capital at an acceptable cost or at all, we may be required to liquidate one or more investments in properties at times that may not permit us to maximize the return on those investments or that could result in adverse tax consequences to us. 
 
 As a public company, our access to debt and equity capital depends, in part, on the trading prices of our senior notes and common stock, which, in turn, depend upon market conditions that change from time to time, such as the market s perception of our financial condition, our growth potential and our current and expected future earnings and cash distributions. Our failure to meet the market s expectation regarding future earnings and cash distributions or a significant downgrade in the ratings assigned to our long-term debt could impact our ability to access capital or increase our borrowing costs. 
 
 The secondary and tertiary effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business could lead to downgrades of our long-term credit rating. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy The secondary and tertiary effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. above. Any future downgrades could increase our borrowing costs, which would make it more difficult or expensive to obtain additional financing or refinance existing obligations and commitments. 
 
 We rely on the financial institutions that are parties to our revolving credit facilities. If these institutions become capital constrained, tighten their lending standards or become insolvent or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from other borrowers within a short period of time, they may be unable or unwilling to honor their funding commitments to us, which would adversely affect our ability to draw on our revolving credit facilities and, over time, could negatively impact our ability to consummate acquisitions, repay indebtedness as it matures, fund capital expenditures or make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 We may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 
 
 Our ownership of properties in Canada and the United Kingdom currently subjects us to fluctuations in the exchange rates between U.S. dollars and Canadian dollars or the British pound, which may, from time to time, impact our financial condition and results of operations. If we continue to expand our international presence through investments in, or acquisitions or development of, senior housing or healthcare assets outside the United States, Canada or the United Kingdom, we may transact business in other foreign currencies. Although we may pursue hedging alternatives, including borrowing in local currencies, to protect against foreign currency fluctuations, we cannot assure you that such hedging will be successful and that fluctuations will not adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Covenants in the instruments governing our and our subsidiaries existing indebtedness limit our operational flexibility, and a covenant breach could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 The terms of the instruments governing our existing indebtedness require us to comply with certain customary financial and other covenants, such as maintaining debt service coverage, leverage ratios and minimum net worth requirements. Our continued ability to incur additional debt and to conduct business in general is subject to our compliance with these covenants, which limit our operational flexibility. Breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the applicable debt instruments and could trigger defaults under any of our other indebtedness that is cross-defaulted against such instruments, even if we satisfy our payment obligations. Covenants contained in the instruments governing our subsidiaries outstanding mortgage indebtedness may restrict our ability to obtain cash distributions from such subsidiaries for the purpose of meeting our debt service obligations. Financial and other covenants that limit our operational flexibility, as well as defaults resulting from our breach of any of these covenants, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 31 

Our Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Risks 
 
 Significant legal or regulatory proceedings could subject us or our tenants or managers to increased operating costs and substantial uninsured liabilities, which could adversely affect our or their liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 From time to time, we or our tenants or managers may be subject to lawsuits, investigations, claims and other legal or regulatory proceedings arising out of our alleged actions or the alleged actions of our tenants or managers. These claims may include, among other things, professional liability and general liability claims, commercial liability claims, unfair business practices claims, class action claims, employment claims, as well as regulatory proceedings, including proceedings related to our SHOP segment, where we are typically the holder of the applicable healthcare license. 
 
 In our operating assets, including those in our SHOP and outpatient medical and research segments, we are generally responsible for all liabilities of the properties, including any lawsuits, investigations, claims and other legal or regulatory proceedings, other than those arising out of certain limited actions by our managers, such as those caused by gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. As a result, we have exposure to, among other things, professional and general liability claims, employment law claims and the associated litigation and other costs related to defending and resolving such claims, some of which may be uninsured, either as a result of insufficient coverage or unavailability of coverage at a reasonable price. In our SHOP segment in particular, if one of our managers fails to comply with applicable law or regulation, we may be held responsible, which could subject us to civil, criminal and administrative penalties, including the loss or suspension of accreditation, licenses or certificates of need; suspension of or nonpayment for new admissions; denial of reimbursement; fines; suspension, decertification, or exclusion from federal, state or foreign healthcare programs; or facility closure. In addition, we cannot assure you that any contractual obligations to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from such liabilities will be satisfied by third parties, or that any purchase price consideration held in escrow will be sufficient to satisfy claims for which we are entitled to indemnification. 
 
 An unfavorable resolution of any such lawsuit, investigation, claim or other legal or regulatory proceeding could materially and adversely affect our or our tenants or managers liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, and may not be protected by sufficient or any insurance coverage. Even with a favorable resolution of litigation or a proceeding, the effect of litigation and other potential litigation and proceedings may materially increase operating costs we or our tenants or managers incur. Negative publicity with respect to any lawsuits, claims or other legal or regulatory proceedings may also negatively impact their or our or the properties reputation. 
 
 Our senior housing and healthcare business may be subject to lawsuits or other legal or regulatory proceedings across multiple jurisdictions, such as professional or general liability litigation alleging wrongful death and negligence claims, some of which may result in large damage awards and not be indemnified or subject to sufficient insurance coverage, may require our support as a result of our indemnification agreements or may result in restrictions in the operations of our or our tenants or managers business. 
 
 We and our tenants, managers and borrowers may be adversely affected by regulation and enforcement. 
 
 We and our tenants, managers and borrowers are subject to or impacted by extensive and frequently changing federal, state, local and international laws and regulations. For example, the healthcare industry is subject to laws and regulations that relate to, among other things, licensure and certificates of need, conduct of operations, ownership of communities and facilities, construction of new communities and facilities and addition of equipment, governmental reimbursement programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, allowable costs, services, prices for services, qualified beneficiaries, appropriateness and classification of care, patient rights, resident health and safety, data privacy and cybersecurity, wage and hour, fraud and abuse and financial and other arrangements that may be entered into by healthcare providers. We generally hold the applicable healthcare licenses and enroll in applicable government healthcare programs on behalf of the properties in our SHOP segment, and that subjects us to potential liability under some healthcare laws and regulations. See Government Regulation United States Healthcare Regulation, Licensing and Enforcement included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report. Many of our research tenants are subject to laws and regulations that govern the research, development, clinical testing, manufacture and marketing of drugs, medical devices and similar products. 
 
 The laws and regulations that apply to us and our tenants, managers and borrowers are complex and may change rapidly, and efforts to comply with them require significant resources. Any changes in scope, interpretation or enforcement of the regulatory framework could require us or our tenants, managers or borrowers to make changes to their business or operations and invest significant resources in responding to these changes. If we or our tenants, managers or borrowers fail to comply with the extensive laws, regulations and other requirements applicable to our or their businesses and the operation of 
 32 

our or their properties, we or they could face a number of remedial actions, including forced closure, loss of accreditation, bans on admissions of new patients or residents, enforcement actions, investigations, imposition of fines, ineligibility to receive reimbursement from governmental and private third-party payor programs or civil or criminal penalties. If any of these occur, our and our tenants , managers and borrowers businesses, reputation, results of operations (including results of properties) or financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our investments may expose us to unknown liabilities. 
 
 We may acquire or invest in properties or businesses that are subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, against the prior owners or other third parties with respect to unknown liabilities. As a result, if a liability were asserted against us based upon ownership of those properties, we might have to pay substantial sums to settle or contest it, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow. 
 
 We may assume or incur liabilities, including, in some cases, contingent liabilities, and be exposed to actual or potential claims in connection with our acquisitions that adversely affect us, such as: 
 
 Liabilities relating to the clean-up or remediation of environmental conditions; 
 
 Unasserted claims of vendors or other persons dealing with the sellers; 
 
 Liabilities, claims and litigation, including indemnification obligations, whether incurred in the ordinary course of business, relating to periods prior to or following our acquisition; 
 
 Claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the sellers; and 
 
 Liabilities for taxes relating to periods prior to our acquisition. 
 
 If the liabilities we assume in connection with acquisitions are greater than expected, or if we discover obligations relating to the acquired properties or businesses, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 There is a high degree of uncertainty regarding the implementation and impact of the CARES Act and other pandemic-related legislation. There can be no assurance as to the total amount of financial assistance that we or our tenants, managers or borrowers will receive or retain. 
 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the CARES Act, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 and the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 authorized funds to be distributed to healthcare providers through the Provider Relief Fund, which is administered by the HHS. These grants were intended to reimburse eligible providers for healthcare-related expenses or lost revenues attributable to COVID-19. Recipients are not required to repay distributions from the Provider Relief Fund, provided that they attest to and comply with certain terms and conditions, including reporting, record maintenance and audit requirements and not using grants received from the Provider Relief Fund to reimburse expenses or losses that other sources are obligated to reimburse. Federal, state and local governments and agencies implemented or announced other programs to provide financial and other support to businesses affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, some of which benefited our tenants, borrowers, managers and our SHOP segment, but that impose significant regulatory and compliance obligations. 
 
 We applied for and received from the Provider Relief Fund in late 2020 through 2022 on behalf of the assisted living communities in our SHOP segment. Many of our tenants, managers and borrowers also received grants from the Provider Relief Fund. As a recipient of funds from the Provider Relief Fund, we are required to comply with detailed reporting requirements specified by HHS, including in some instances by providing a third-party audit of the use of the funds received in accordance with Generally Accepted Government Auditing Standards or in conformance with the requirements of 45 CFR 75.514. In addition, the HHS Office of Inspector General and the Pandemic Response Accountability Committee each have the right to conduct their own audits of our use of funds from the Provider Relief Fund and HHS has the right to recoup some or all of the payments if it determines those payments were not made or the funds not used in compliance with its rules, regulations and interpretive guidance. For example, In May 2023, the HHS Office of Inspector General notified us that they would be conducting an audit of thirty assisted living applicants use of the funds received from the Provider Relief Fund. Two of our applications were selected as part of the audit. While we believe we are in compliance with all requirements related to the payments received, we cannot assure you of that and we cannot assure you that some or all of the grants received will not need to be repaid. 
 
 33 

There remains a high degree of uncertainty surrounding the implementation, interpretation and application of the CARES Act, the PPPHCE Act, the CAA and other federal, state and local government pandemic relief programs, and the rules, regulations and guidance thereunder. There can be no assurance that we or our tenants, managers or borrowers are or will remain in compliance with all requirements related to the payments received under the Provider Relief Fund or other government relief programs, that the terms and conditions of the Provider Relief Fund grants or other government relief programs will not change or be interpreted in ways that affect our ability or the ability of our tenants, managers and borrowers to comply with such terms and conditions (which could affect the ability to retain any grants or other funds), the amount of total financial grants or other funds that we or our tenants, managers or borrowers may ultimately receive or our or their eligibility to participate in any future funding. We continue to assess the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and government responses to the pandemic on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We and our tenants, managers and borrowers may be adversely affected by complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding data privacy and cybersecurity. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we and our tenants, managers and borrowers collect, use, store, disclose, transfer and otherwise process personal information, including personal information specific to tenants, residents and employees. We or our tenants, managers and borrowers may transfer some of this personal information to third parties who assist with certain aspects of our or their business for limited purposes. Accordingly, we and our tenants, managers and borrowers are subject to a variety of stringent data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations at the state, federal and international level, as well as contractual requirements and other obligations related to data privacy and cybersecurity. For more information about applicable data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations, see Government Regulation United States Healthcare Regulation, Licensing and Enforcement Data Privacy and Cybersecurity for a discussion of U.S. data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations and Government Regulation International Healthcare Regulation for a discussion of international data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations. 
 
 The legal and regulatory environment surrounding data privacy and cybersecurity is constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. Laws and regulations governing data privacy, cybersecurity, and the unauthorized disclosure of personal information pose increasingly complex compliance challenges, including the potential for inconsistent interpretation, and the implementation and maintenance of compliance measures may potentially elevate our costs. While we believe we have taken commercially reasonable steps, and depend on our tenants, managers and borrowers, to comply with applicable data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations, these laws and regulations are in some cases relatively new and the interpretation and application of these laws and regulations are uncertain. Thus, there can be no assurance that our efforts will be deemed effective by regulatory authorities. As noted below, we and our tenants, managers and borrowers, are also subject to the possibility of cybersecurity threats or incidents, which themselves may result in a violation of these laws and regulations and may require us or our tenants, managers or borrowers to report certain incidents to affected individuals or the relevant regulatory authorities. These laws and regulations, and the laws and regulations that may be enacted in the future, also may require us or our tenants, managers or borrowers to modify our or their data processing practices and policies, incur substantial compliance-related costs and expenses and otherwise suffer adverse impacts on our or their business. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us or our tenants, managers or borrowers to comply with applicable data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations could result in enforcement actions, investigations, imposition of fines, or civil or criminal penalties. If any of the foregoing occurs, our and our tenants , managers and borrowers businesses, reputation, results of operations (including results of properties) or financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 The occurrence of cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our operations or the operations of the third parties with whom we do business, invest in or lend to, result in the loss of confidential or personal information or damage our or their business relationships and reputation. 
 
 Cybersecurity threats and incidents have been occurring globally at a more frequent and severe level and will likely continue to increase in frequency and severity in the future. Our business and the businesses of our tenants, managers, borrowers and third parties in whom we invest are subject to greater risk from cybersecurity threats and incidents, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to systems and networks, to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal confidential or personal information and other cybersecurity breaches. Such attempts can originate from a wide variety of sources, including organized crime, hackers, activists, terrorists, nation-states, state-sponsored actors and others, any of which may see their effectiveness enhanced by the use of artificial intelligence. 
 
 While we have implemented measures designed to help mitigate these threats for our business, these measures cannot guarantee that we will be successful in preventing a cybersecurity incident. Our information technology systems and networks are essential to our ability to perform day-to-day operations of our business, and a cybersecurity threat or incident could result 
 34 

in a data center outage, disrupt our systems and operations, compromise the confidential or personal information of our employees, partners or the residents in our senior housing communities and damage our business relationships and reputation. Although we have implemented various measures designed to manage risks to information technology systems and networks relating to these types of events, these measures could prove to be inadequate. If our systems or networks are compromised, they could become inoperable for extended periods of time, cease to function properly or fail to adequately secure confidential and personal information, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to operate our business. 
 
 Cybersecurity threats and incidents, such as those involving software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failure, telecommunications failures, error or misconduct, ransomware, covertly introduced malware, denial-of-service attacks, impersonation of authorized users or other social engineering schemes (including phishing attacks), industrial or other espionage and other cybersecurity breaches may not be identified even with sophisticated prevention and detection systems, potentially resulting in further harm and preventing them from being addressed appropriately. The failure of our systems or of our disaster recovery plans for any reason could cause significant interruptions in our operations and result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information, material nonpublic information and intellectual property and trade secrets and other confidential or sensitive information we possess. 
 
 We do not control the information technology systems and network or cybersecurity defenses put in place by our tenants, managers, borrowers or third parties with whom we invest or otherwise do business, all of whom are subject to risks associated with cybersecurity threats and incidents. For example, in November 2023, Ardent became aware of a cybersecurity incident, which Ardent determined to be a ransomware attack and which resulted in disruptions to certain aspects of Ardent s clinical and financial operations. If those parties are unable to adequately manage those risks, their results of operations, financial condition and the viability of their business could be adversely affected, which could in turn have an adverse impact on us and our business. 
 
 In the event of a cybersecurity incident involving us or our tenants, managers or borrowers or third parties with whom we invest or otherwise do business, we and they may be required to make a significant investment to attempt to mitigate or remediate the effects of any cybersecurity incidents, which efforts may not be successful. We and they may be subject to legal claims and regulatory or enforcement actions and may experience harm to our reputations and adverse publicity. We and they may not have adequate or any insurance coverage to cover any costs, expenses or other losses. 
 
 The amount and scope of insurance coverage provided by our policies and policies maintained by our tenants, managers or other counterparties may not adequately insure against losses. 
 
 We maintain or require in our lease, management and other agreements that our tenants, managers or other counterparties maintain comprehensive insurance coverage on our properties and their operations with terms, conditions, limits and deductibles that we believe are customary for similarly situated companies in each industry. Although we frequently review our insurance programs and requirements, we cannot assure you that we or our tenants, managers or other counterparties will be able to procure or maintain adequate levels of insurance. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the cost of insurance has increased and may further increase, and, due to changes in coverage terms resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, insurance may not cover some claims related to COVID-19. We also cannot assure you that we or our tenants, managers or other counterparties will maintain the insurance coverage required under our lease, management and other agreements, that we will continue to require the same levels of insurance under our lease, management and other agreements, that this insurance will be available at a reasonable cost in the future or at all or that the policies maintained will fully cover all losses on our properties when a catastrophic event occurs. We cannot make any guaranty as to the future financial viability of the insurers that underwrite our policies and the policies maintained by our tenants, managers and other counterparties. If we sustain losses in excess of our insurance coverage, we may be required to pay the difference and we could lose our investment in, or experience reduced profits and cash flows from, our operations. 
 
 In some cases, we and our tenants and managers may be subject to professional liability, general liability, employment, premise, data privacy, cybersecurity, environmental, unfair business practice and contracts claims brought by plaintiffs attorneys seeking significant damages and attorneys fees, some of which may not be insured or indemnified and some of which may result in significant damage awards. Due to the historically high frequency and severity of professional liability claims against senior housing and healthcare providers, the availability of professional liability insurance has decreased, and the premiums on this insurance coverage remain costly. Insurance for other claims such as wage and hour, certain environmental, data privacy, cybersecurity and unfair business practices may no longer be available, and the premiums on that insurance coverage, to the extent it is available, remain costly. As a result, insurance protection against these claims may not be sufficient to cover all claims against us or our tenants or managers and may not be available at a reasonable cost or otherwise on terms that provide adequate coverage. If we or our tenants and managers are unable to maintain adequate insurance coverage or are required to pay damages, we or they may be exposed to substantial liabilities, and the adverse impact on our or our tenants and 
 35 

managers respective financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be material, and could adversely affect our tenants and managers ability to meet their obligations to us. 
 
 Additionally, we and those of our tenants and managers who self-insure or who transfer risk of losses to a wholly-owned captive insurance company could incur large funded and unfunded property and liability expenses, which could materially adversely affect their or our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Failure to maintain effective internal controls could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition . 
 
 Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to provide a report by management on internal control over financial reporting, including management s assessment of the effectiveness of that control. Because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud, effective internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect material misstatement and can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls over financial reporting and our operating internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls as a result of changes to our business or otherwise, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected and we could fail to meet our reporting obligations. 
 
 We could incur substantial liabilities and costs if any of our properties are found to be contaminated with hazardous substances or we become involved in any environmental disputes. 
 
 Under federal and state environmental laws and regulations, a current or former owner of real property may be liable for costs related to the investigation, removal and remediation of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum that are released from or are present at or under, or that are disposed of in connection with the property. Owners of real property may also face other environmental liabilities, including government fines and penalties imposed by regulatory authorities and damages for injuries to persons, property or natural resources. Environmental laws and regulations often impose liability without regard to whether the owner was aware of, or was responsible for, the presence, release or disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum. In some circumstances, environmental liability may result from the activities of a current or former tenant or manager of the property. Although we generally have indemnification rights against the current tenants or managers of our properties for contamination they cause, that indemnification may not adequately cover all environmental costs. See Government Regulation Environmental Regulation included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report. 
 
 Our REIT Status Risks 
 
 Loss of our status as a REIT would have significant adverse consequences for us and the value of our common stock. 
 
 If we lose our status as a REIT (currently or with respect to any tax years for which the statute of limitations has not expired), we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available to satisfy our obligations, to implement our business strategy and to make distributions to our stockholders because: 
 
 We would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to regular U.S. federal corporate income tax for any taxable year for which we did not qualify as a REIT; 
 
 We could be subject to increased state and local taxes for those years; and 
 
 Unless we are entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be subject to tax as a REIT for four taxable years following the latest taxable year during which we were disqualified. 
 
 In addition, for any year in which we are otherwise unable to qualify as a REIT, we will not be required to pay dividends to maintain REIT status, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 
 Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Code for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. The determination of factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control, as well as new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions, may adversely affect our investors or our ability to remain qualified as a REIT for tax purposes. In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must satisfy a number of requirements, generally including requirements regarding the ownership of our stock, requirements regarding the composition of our assets, a requirement that at least 95 of our gross income in any year must be derived from qualifying sources, and a requirement to make distributions to our stockholders aggregating annually 
 36 

at least 90 of our net taxable income, excluding capital gains. Although we believe that we currently qualify as a REIT, we cannot assure you that we will continue to qualify for all future periods. 
 
 The 90 distribution requirement will decrease our liquidity and may limit our ability to engage in otherwise beneficial transactions. 
 
 To comply with the 90 distribution requirement applicable to REITs and to avoid a nondeductible excise tax and federal corporate income tax on undistributed REIT taxable income, we must make annual distributions of 100 of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders. Such distributions reduce the funds we have available to finance our investment, acquisition, development and redevelopment activity and may limit our ability to engage in transactions that are otherwise in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 From time to time, we may not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to satisfy the REIT distribution requirements. For example, timing differences between the actual receipt of income and actual payment of deductible expenses, on the one hand, and the inclusion of that income and deduction of those expenses in arriving at our taxable income, on the other hand, or non-deductible expenses such as principal amortization or repayments or capital expenditures in excess of non-cash deductions may prevent us from having sufficient cash or liquid assets to distribute 100 of our REIT taxable income. 
 
 In the event that timing differences occur (or, as applicable, we decide to retain cash or to distribute such greater amount as may be necessary to avoid income and excise taxation), we may seek to borrow funds, issue additional equity securities, pay taxable stock dividends, distribute other property or securities or engage in other transactions intended to enable us to meet the REIT distribution requirements. Any of these actions may require us to raise additional capital to meet our obligations; however, see Our Capital Structure Risks We are highly dependent on access to the capital markets. Limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on us, including our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy, above. The terms of the instruments governing our existing indebtedness restrict our ability to engage in certain of these transactions. 
 
 To preserve our qualification as a REIT, our certificate of incorporation contains ownership limits with respect to our capital stock that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control of our company. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation contains restrictions on the ownership and transfer of our common and preferred stock to enable us to preserve our REIT status. Our certificate of incorporation provides certain specified remedies if a transfer would violate one of the ownership limitations. In particular, if a person acquires beneficial or constructive ownership of more than the ownership limit (currently, 9.0 , in number or value, of our outstanding common stock or more than 9.9 , in number or value, of our outstanding preferred stock), or in violation of certain other limitations set forth in our certificate of incorporation, then the shares that are beneficially or constructively owned in excess of the relevant limitation are considered excess shares. Excess shares are automatically deemed transferred to a trust for the benefit of a charitable institution or other qualifying organization selected by our Board of Directors. The trust is entitled to all dividends with respect to the excess shares and the trustee may exercise all voting power over the excess shares. We also have the right to purchase the excess shares for a price equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that created the excess shares or (ii) the market price on the day we purchase the shares, and we may defer payment of the purchase price for up to five years. If we do not purchase the excess shares, the trustee of the trust is required to transfer the shares at the direction of our Board of Directors. The owner of the excess shares is entitled to receive the lesser of the proceeds from the sale of the excess shares or the original purchase price for such excess shares, and any additional amounts are payable to the beneficiary of the trust. These ownership limits could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 Our use of taxable REIT subsidiaries is limited under the Code. 
 
 Under the Code, no more than 20 of the value of the gross assets of a REIT may be represented by securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs ). This limitation may affect our ability to increase the size of our TRSs operations and assets, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the applicable limitation, or that such compliance will not adversely affect our business. Also, our TRSs may not, among other things, operate or manage healthcare facilities, which may cause us to forgo investments we might otherwise make. Finally, we may be subject to a 100 excise tax as a result of transactions involving our TRSs to the extent that it is determined that those transactions resulted in our TRSs having less taxable income than the TRSs would have had if the transactions were undertaken by unrelated parties on an arm's-length basis. We believe our arrangements with or involving our TRSs are on arm's-length terms and intend to continue to operate in a 
 37 

manner that allows us to avoid incurring the 100 excise tax described above, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to avoid application of that tax. 
 
 Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities (including investing in our tenants) or liquidate otherwise attractive investments. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our common stock. In order to meet these tests, we may be required to forego investments we might otherwise make (including investments in our tenants) or to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. This limited investment scope could also lead to financial risks or limit our flexibility during times of operating instability. 
 
 The lease of qualified healthcare properties to a TRS is subject to special requirements. 
 
 We lease certain healthcare properties to TRSs, which in turn contract with third-party managers to manage the healthcare operations at these properties. The rents we receive from a TRS pursuant to this arrangement are treated as qualifying rents from real property if the healthcare property is a qualified health care property (as defined in the Code), the rents are paid pursuant to a lease with a TRS and the manager qualifies as an eligible independent contractor (as defined in the Code). The determination of what is a qualified healthcare property is complex and, particularly with respect to unlicensed properties, dependent on the day-to-day operations and other arrangements in place at those properties. We believe that we have appropriately determined which of our properties are properly characterized as qualified healthcare properties and that we have structured the applicable leases and related arrangements in a manner intended to meet these requirements, but there can be no assurance that these conditions will be satisfied. If any of these conditions is not satisfied with respect to a particular lease, then the rents we receive with respect to such lease will not be qualifying rents, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to comply with REIT income tests and thus on our ability to qualify as a REIT unless we are able to avail ourselves of certain relief provisions. 
 
 The tax imposed on REITs engaging in prohibited transactions may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for federal income tax purposes. 
 
 A REIT s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 penalty tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, unless certain safe harbor exceptions apply. Although we do not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, such characterization is a factual determination and no guarantee can be given that the IRS would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to satisfy the available safe harbors. 
 
 Ventas may incur adverse tax consequences if New Senior or any of Ventas s subsidiary REITs failed to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 Ventas completed its merger with New Senior and received an opinion from REIT counsel to the effect that, at all times starting with its taxable year ended December 31, 2014 and through the closing date, New Senior was organized and operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code. The opinion is not binding on the IRS or any court, and it is possible that the IRS could take a contrary position or that this tax position might not be sustained. If New Senior failed to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Ventas would succeed to any tax liabilities. These liabilities could be significant, and Ventas could possibly fail to qualify as a REIT. If New Senior failed to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, for the five-year period after the merger, upon a taxable disposition of any of New Senior s assets, Ventas could be subject to corporate-level tax with respect to all or a portion of the gain so recognized. Ventas s REIT status also depends on the ongoing qualification of subsidiary entities qualifying as REITs or TRSs, as applicable, as a result of its substantial ownership interest in those entities. 
 
 Legislative or other actions affecting REITs or taxes could have a negative effect on our stockholders or us. 
 
 The rules dealing with federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department. Changes to the tax laws, with or without retroactive application, could adversely affect our investors or us. New legislation, U.S. Treasury Department regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify as a REIT, the federal income tax consequences of such qualification, or the federal income tax consequences of an investment in us. Also, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities 
 38 

more attractive relative to an investment in a REIT. In addition, we are subject to some taxes on our income and property even if we qualify as a REIT, including state, local, and foreign taxes, and U.S. federal income taxes in the case of our taxable REIT subsidiaries. To the extent the Company is required to pay any taxes under existing laws or due to future changes in law, we will have less cash available for distribution to shareholders. The Company is continuing to evaluate the potential effect of pending legislation related to interest expense deductibility in Canada, which could have a significant impact to income tax expense and cash taxes in future periods. 

ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

ITEM 1C. Cybersecurity 
 
 Our business is subject to risk from cybersecurity threats and incidents, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems and networks, or those of our managers, venture partners and third-party vendors and service providers, to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal confidential or personal information and other cybersecurity breaches. Ventas considers cybersecurity risk a serious threat to our assets and our people and has put processes in place designed to mitigate the risk and impact of any such cybersecurity threat or incident. 
 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 
 As part of our cybersecurity risk management process, we: 
 
 Periodically review and implement procedures that endeavor to follow the cybersecurity standards set forth by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, including procedures with respect to evaluation and monitoring of cybersecurity threats and incidents; 
 
 Engage third-party security firms to monitor and respond to cybersecurity threats and incidents, including those associated with our use of third-party vendors and service providers, and conduct periodic penetration tests with the aim of identifying and remediating vulnerabilities. 
 
 Periodically evaluate and assess cybersecurity risks associated with our use of key third-party business partners, vendors and service providers. However, we do not control the cybersecurity plans and systems put in place by such third parties and we may have limited contractual protections with such third parties, such as indemnification obligations to us, which could cause us to be negatively impacted as a result; 
 
 Provide employees with the training, tools and resources designed to protect the Company from cybersecurity threats and incidents and to identify and report such threats and incidents. Our employees receive training and testing on cybersecurity protocols throughout the year, including monthly anti-phishing campaigns, periodic live training programs and mandatory annual training and assessments with passing requirements. Each employee periodically acknowledges that they have read, understood and will abide by the Company s cybersecurity policies; and 
 
 Seek to minimize the amount of personal information collected to support business needs and use storage and transfer protocols leveraging encryption of critical information, including confidential or personal information. 
 
 Our processes for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats and incidents are integrated into our multi-disciplinary enterprise risk management ERM process. Our ERM process is managed through our ERM Committee, which we have established to assess, identify and manage enterprise-wide risks to our Company, and is comprised of personnel from our senior leadership team. The ERM Committee is convened at least quarterly to review and update our top risks, including cybersecurity risks. Existing risks are evaluated for changes, and mitigation strategies are discussed as needed. New risks are discussed and evaluated for consideration as a top risk. Results are discussed with our Board of Directors at quarterly Board meetings as needed. 
 
 The Company has not identified any cybersecurity threats or incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including with respect to our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. While we have implemented measures designed to help mitigate the risk from cybersecurity threats and incidents, we cannot guarantee that we or our tenants, managers or business partners will be successful in preventing a cybersecurity incident, which could result in a data center outage, disrupt our systems and operations or the systems and operations of our tenants, managers or business partners, compromise the confidential or personal information of our employees, partners or the residents 
 39 

in our senior housing communities and damage our business relationships and reputation. For example, in November 2023, Ardent became aware of a cybersecurity incident, which Ardent determined to be a ransomware attack and which resulted in disruptions to certain aspects of Ardent s clinical and financial operations. Although we have implemented various measures designed to manage risks relating to these types of events, these measures and the systems supporting them could prove to be inadequate and, if compromised, could become inoperable for extended periods of time, cease to function properly or fail to adequately secure confidential or personal information. See Risk Factors Our Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Risks The occurrence of cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our operations or the operations of the third parties with whom we do business, invest in or lend to, result in the loss of confidential or personal information or damage our or their business relationships and reputation. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 Governance 
 
 Our Board of Directors, directly and through its committees, routinely discusses significant enterprise risks with management and reviews the procedures we have in place designed to manage those risks. At Board and committee meetings, directors engage in analyses and dialogue regarding specific areas of cybersecurity risk, including those identified through our ERM process. In addition to the overall risk oversight function administered directly by our Board, the Audit and Compliance Committee of our Board also exercises oversight over managing the Company s cybersecurity risks. Management briefs the Audit and Compliance Committee at least once a year on cybersecurity controls, protocols, risk assessments and mitigation measures. 
 
 Our management has primary responsibility for identifying, assessing and managing our exposure to cybersecurity threats and incidents, subject to oversight by our Board of Directors of the processes we establish to assess, monitor and mitigate that exposure. 
 
 Our Chief Information Officer oversees our Information Technology Team and is responsible for the development and implementation of strategy for our information systems, networks, infrastructure, cybersecurity and data analytics. She has more than 25 years of experience in the field of information technology and is a member of our senior leadership team. 
 
 If a potentially material cybersecurity threat or incident is identified or discovered, the Company s Information Technology Team will notify our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel and other relevant business executives. Our Chief Information Officer will work with the appropriate leaders and employees in any impacted business groups, as well as appropriate personnel in our finance, legal and other impacted departments, to assess the risks to the Company and potential impact while determining appropriate remediation steps. 
 
 If management determines that a cybersecurity threat or incident could be material to the Company, our management will notify the Audit and Compliance Committee, who will then escalate the risk to our full Board of Directors, depending on management s assessment of the risk. 

ITEM 2. Properties 
 
 Senior Housing and Other Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we owned or had investments in approximately 1,400 properties (including properties classified as held for sale), consisting of senior housing communities, outpatient medical buildings, research centers, hospitals and other healthcare facilities. We believe that maintaining a balanced portfolio of high-quality assets that are unified in serving the large and growing aging population and curated across geographic location, asset type, tenant/operator, revenue source and operating model makes us less susceptible to single-state regulatory or reimbursement changes, regional climate events and local economic downturns and diminishes the risk that any single factor or event could materially harm our business. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had 3.2 billion aggregate principal amount of mortgage loan indebtedness outstanding, secured by 140 of our properties. Excluding the portion of such indebtedness attributable to our joint venture partners, our share of mortgage loan indebtedness outstanding was 2.9 billion. 
 
 The following table provides additional information regarding the geographic diversification of our consolidated portfolio of properties as of December 31, 2023 (excluding properties owned through investments in unconsolidated real estate entities and properties classified as held for sale): 
 40 

Senior Housing Communities SNFs Outpatient Medical Buildings 
 Research Centers 
 IRFs and LTACs Other Healthcare Facilities 
 Geographic Location # of Properties Units # of Properties Licensed Beds # of Properties Square Feet (1) 
 # of Properties Square Feet (1) 
 # of Properties Licensed Beds # of Properties Licensed Beds Alabama 1 120 6 616 Arkansas 5 414 1 10 Arizona 27 2,351 14 880 1 60 California 79 8,864 28 2,150 5 455 Colorado 20 1,963 1 82 17 885 1 68 Connecticut 13 1,668 District of Columbia 2 102 Florida 44 4,017 14 342 1 252 6 508 Georgia 18 1,678 6 819 18 1,255 1 42 Hawaii 1 123 1 23 Iowa 2 215 Idaho 1 70 1 76 Illinois 32 3,593 1 82 41 1,743 1 129 4 430 Indiana 5 462 41 2,267 1 59 Kansas 11 871 2 115 Kentucky 5 524 2 73 1 384 Louisiana 3 281 1 227 8 454 1 32 Massachusetts 18 2,142 2 181 Maryland 4 282 2 83 3 320 Maine 6 517 Michigan 21 1,420 16 726 Minnesota 14 856 5 193 Missouri 5 474 19 1,076 5 818 4 159 Mississippi 1 94 1 51 Montana 5 464 North Carolina 36 3,049 15 675 9 1,302 1 124 North Dakota 2 115 1 114 Nebraska 2 252 New Hampshire 2 242 New Jersey 12 1,137 1 153 3 37 New Mexico 4 451 3 53 2 123 4 544 Nevada 5 621 5 416 1 52 New York 38 4,403 4 244 Ohio 28 2,492 17 643 1 50 Oklahoma 8 556 1 80 1 41 4 954 Oregon 35 3,105 6 360 1 105 Pennsylvania 32 2,521 12 2,526 8 613 6 1,071 1 52 Rhode Island 4 399 3 444 South Carolina 5 469 22 1,183 South Dakota 5 295 Tennessee 14 1,035 2 205 7 305 1 49 Texas 52 4,564 49 2,107 9 617 2 445 Utah 6 662 1 41 Virginia 10 928 5 231 1 262 Washington 20 2,114 7 636 10 579 Wisconsin 45 2,419 15 745 West Virginia 2 123 4 326 Wyoming 2 169 Total U.S. 
 709 65,464 44 5,717 405 21,248 29 4,598 43 3,346 10 1,943 Canada 83 15,822 United Kingdom 
 12 776 3 121 Total 
 804 82,062 44 5,717 405 21,248 29 4,598 43 3,346 13 2,064 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Square Feet are in thousands. Totals may not foot due to rounding. 
 
 41 

Corporate Offices 
 
 Our headquarters are located in Chicago, Illinois and we have additional corporate offices in Louisville, Kentucky and New York, New York. We lease all of our corporate offices. 

ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The information contained in Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 3. Except as set forth therein, we are not a party to, nor is any of our property the subject of, any material pending legal proceedings. 

ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 42 

PART II 

ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our common stock, par value 0.25 per share, is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol VTR. As of February 7, 2024, there were 402.5 million shares of our common stock outstanding, held by approximately 3,252 stockholders of record. 
 
 Dividends and Distributions 
 
 We pay regular quarterly dividends to holders of our common stock to comply with the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), governing REITs. In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we are required under the Code, among other things, to distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to any net capital gain. In addition, we will be subject to income tax at the regular corporate rate to the extent we distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, including any net capital gains. We expect to distribute at least 100 of our taxable net income, after the use of any net operating loss carryforwards, to our stockholders for 2024. 
 
 In general, our Board of Directors makes decisions regarding the nature, frequency and amount of our dividends on a quarterly basis. Because the Board considers many factors when making these decisions, including our present and future liquidity needs, our current and projected financial condition and results of operations and the performance and credit quality of our tenants, borrowers and managers, we cannot assure you that we will maintain the practice of paying regular quarterly dividends to continue to qualify as a REIT. Please see Cautionary Statements and the risk factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report for a description of other factors that may affect our distribution policy. 
 
 Director and Employee Stock Sales 
 
 Certain of our directors, executive officers and other employees have adopted or, from time to time in the future, may adopt non-discretionary, written trading plans that comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, or otherwise monetize, gift or transfer their equity-based compensation. These transactions typically are conducted for estate, tax and financial planning purposes and are subject to compliance with our Amended and Restated Securities Trading Policy and Procedures Securities Trading Policy ), the minimum stock ownership requirements contained in our Guidelines on Governance and all applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 Our Securities Trading Policy expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers and employees from buying or selling derivatives with respect to our securities or other financial instruments that are designed to hedge or offset a decrease in the market value of our securities and from engaging in short sales with respect to our securities. In addition, our Securities Trading Policy prohibits our directors and executive officers from holding our securities in margin accounts or pledging our securities to secure loans. Each of our directors and executive officers has advised us that he or she is in compliance with the Securities Trading Policy and has not pledged any of our equity securities to secure margin or other loans. 
 
 Stock Repurchases 
 
 We do not have a publicly announced repurchase plan or program in effect. The table below summarizes repurchases of our common stock made during the quarter ended December 31, 2023: 
 Number of Shares 
 Repurchased (1) 
 Average Price Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1 through October 31 854 42.59 November 1 through November 30 56 45.84 December 1 through December 31 1,951 46.76 Total 2,861 45.50 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Repurchases represent shares withheld to pay taxes on the vesting of restricted stock and restricted stock units (including time-based and performance-based awards), or to pay taxes and/or exercise price on the exercise of stock options, granted to employees. The value of the shares withheld is the closing price of our common stock on the date the vesting or exercise occurred (or, if not a trading day, the immediately preceding trading day) or the fair market value of our common stock at the time of the exercise, as the case may be. 
 
 43 

Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following performance graph compares the cumulative total return (including dividends) to the holders of our common stock from December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2023, with the cumulative total returns of the NYSE Composite Index, the FTSE Nareit Composite REIT Index (the Composite REIT Index and the S P 500 Index over the same period. The comparison assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2018 in our common stock and in each of the foregoing indexes and assumes reinvestment of dividends, as applicable. We have included the NYSE Composite Index in the performance graph because our common stock is listed on the NYSE, and we have included the S P 500 Index because we are a member of the S P 500. We have included the Composite REIT Index because we believe that it is most representative of the industries in which we compete, or otherwise provides a fair basis for comparison with us, and is therefore particularly relevant to an assessment of our performance. The figures in the table below are rounded to the nearest dollar. 
 
 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 12/31/2023 Ventas 100 103 93 101 92 106 NYSE Composite Index 100 126 135 163 148 168 Composite REIT Index 100 128 121 169 127 141 S P 500 Index 100 131 156 200 164 207 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 
 44 

ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion provides information that management believes is relevant to an understanding and assessment of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of Ventas, Inc. You should read this discussion in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report and our Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 Business Summary and Overview of 2023 
 
 Ventas, Inc., (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated or except where the context otherwise requires, we, us, our, Company and other similar terms) an S P 500 company, is a real estate investment trust REIT focused on delivering strong, sustainable shareholder returns by enabling exceptional environments that benefit a large and growing aging population. We hold a portfolio that includes senior housing communities, outpatient medical buildings, research centers, hospitals and healthcare facilities located in North America and the United Kingdom. As of December 31, 2023, we owned or had investments in approximately 1,400 properties (including properties classified as held for sale). Our company is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois with additional corporate offices in Louisville, Kentucky and New York, New York. 
 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ), commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 1999. Provided we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we generally will not be required to pay U.S. federal corporate income taxes on our REIT taxable income that is currently distributed to our stockholders. In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must satisfy a number of highly technical requirements, which impact how we invest in, operate or manage our assets. See Risk Factors Our REIT Status Risks included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 We primarily invest in our portfolio of real estate assets through wholly-owned subsidiaries and other co-investment entities. We operate through three reportable business segments: senior housing operating portfolio, which we also refer to as SHOP , outpatient medical and research portfolio, which was formerly known as office operations, and triple-net leased properties. Non-segment assets consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash, restricted cash, loans receivable and investments and miscellaneous accounts receivable as well as investments in unconsolidated entities. In addition, from time to time, we make secured and unsecured loans and other investments relating to real estate or operators. Our chief operating decision maker evaluates performance of the combined properties in each operating segment and determines how to allocate resources to these segments, in significant part, based on NOI and related measures for each segment. See our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes, including Note 2 Accounting Policies and Note 18 Segment Information, included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report ). For a discussion of our definition of NOI and for a reconciliation of NOI to our net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), see Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 
 We also have investments in unconsolidated entities, including through our third-party institutional capital management business, Ventas Investment Management VIM ). Through VIM, we partner with third-party institutional investors to invest in real estate through various joint ventures and other co-investment vehicles where we are the sponsor or general partner, including our open-ended investment vehicle, the Ventas Life Science Healthcare Real Estate Fund (the Ventas Fund ). See Note 7 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 The following table summarizes information for our reportable business segments and non-segment assets for the year ended December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 Segment 
 Total NOI (1) 
 Percentage of Total NOI 
 Number of Properties 
 Senior housing operating portfolio (SHOP) 
 711,407 37 587 Outpatient medical and research portfolio 
 576,932 30 437 Triple-net leased properties 604,651 31 331 Non-segment (2) 
 32,177 2 1,925,167 100 1,355 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) NOI is defined as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and third-party capital management expenses. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional disclosure and a reconciliation of net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with GAAP, to NOI. 
 45 

(2) NOI for non-segment includes management fees and promote revenues, net of expenses related to our third-party institutional capital management business, income from loans and investments and various corporate-level expenses not directly attributable to any of our three reportable business segments. 
 
 We aim to enhance shareholder value by delivering consistent, superior total returns through a strategy of (1) generating reliable and growing cash flows, (2) maintaining a portfolio of high-quality assets that are unified in serving the large and growing aging population and (3) preserving our financial strength, flexibility and liquidity. 
 
 Our ability to access capital in a timely and cost-effective manner is critical to the success of our business strategy because it affects our ability to satisfy existing obligations, including the repayment of maturing indebtedness, and to make future investments. Factors such as general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our securities, expectations of our potential future earnings and cash distributions, and the trading price of our common stock impact our access to and cost of external capital. For that reason, we generally attempt to match the long-term duration of our investments in real property with long-term financing through the issuance of shares of our common stock or the incurrence of long-term fixed rate debt. 
 
 2024 Market Trends 
 
 Our operations have been and are expected to continue to be impacted by economic and market conditions. For instance, in senior housing, our operators have experienced expense pressures, due in part to increased inflation and low unemployment. While there have been signs that expense pressures are moderating, there can be no assurance that this will continue to be the case. 
 
 We expect senior housing to benefit from strong supply/demand fundamentals, including robust projected demand growth combined with low projected supply growth. Senior housing is expected to benefit from a large and growing aging demographic in the United States, with the 80+ population anticipated to grow by more than 24 through 2029. United States senior housing construction starts are at their lowest point since 2009. 
 
 Continual improvement in the performance and growth of our business will also depend on the broader macroeconomic environment, including interest rates, inflation and GDP growth. 
 
 See Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report for additional discussion of risks affecting our business. 
 
 Select 2023 and Early 2024 Highlights 
 
 Investments and Dispositions 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we committed to an outpatient medical ground-up development located on the Sutter Roseville Medical Center campus in Roseville, California. The 61.8 million project includes the development of a new class A outpatient medical building and is 100 pre-leased to affiliates of Sutter Health for a 15-year lease term. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we sold seven senior housing communities (four of which were vacant), seven outpatient medical buildings (one of which was vacant), three research centers, nine triple-net leased properties (two of which were vacant) and two land parcel for aggregate consideration of 399.5 million and recognized a gain on the sale of these assets of 62.1 million in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 On May 1, 2023, we took ownership of the properties that supported our cash-pay non-recourse mezzanine loan to Santerre Health Investors (the Santerre Mezzanine Loan by converting the outstanding principal amount of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan to equity, with no additional consideration being paid. As a result, the Santerre Mezzanine Loan is no longer outstanding. The properties consisted of a diverse pool of outpatient medical buildings, senior housing operating portfolio communities, triple-net leased skilled nursing facilities and hospital assets in the United States, which, at the time, also secured a 1 billion non-recourse senior mortgage loan issued under the CHC Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-CHC (the CHC Mortgage Loan ). 
 
 46 

In connection with our equitization of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan on May 1, 2023, during the year ended December 31, 2023, we reversed the 20.0 million allowance recognized as of December 31, 2022 and recognized a gain on foreclosure of real estate of 29.1 million in our Consolidated Statements of Income. The gain is the fair value of the properties that secured the Santerre Mezzanine Loan, less the fair value of the CHC Mortgage Loan, less the principal amount of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan on May 1, 2023 (after the reversal of previously recorded allowances), and net of non-real estate assets and liabilities and transaction costs. 
 
 In January 2024, we closed on the acquisition of a Class A senior housing community reported within our SHOP segment for 36.0 million. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 3.2 billion in liquidity, including availability under our revolving credit facility and cash and cash equivalents on hand, with no borrowings outstanding under our commercial paper program. 
 
 In March 2023, we entered into a new five year C 271.8 million mortgage loan secured by 14 SHOP communities in Canada at an effective fixed rate of 4.36 . 
 
 In the first quarter of 2023, we hedged an incremental 200.0 million of variable rate debt to fixed rate debt through the execution in March 2023 of two-year 400.0 million notional swaps on our unsecured term loan due in June 2027, replacing a 200.0 million notional swap that matured in January 2023. 
 
 In March and April 2023, we entered into a total of 250.0 million aggregate forward starting swaps with a ten-year weighted average rate of 3.37 . In July 2023, we terminated these swaps in conjunction with the issuance of 426.8 million fixed rate mortgage loan due in 2033. 
 
 In April 2023, our 100 owned subsidiary, Ventas Canada Finance Limited Ventas Canada ), issued and sold C 600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.398 Senior Notes due 2028 in a private placement at par. Pursuant to cash tender offers, we used the proceeds to repurchase C 613.7 million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding senior notes due in 2024 for an aggregate purchase price of C 600.0 million plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the settlement date. As a result of the tender offers, we recognized a gain on extinguishment of debt of 8.3 million in our Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 On May 1, 2023, we took ownership of the properties that supported the Santerre Mezzanine Loan by converting the outstanding principal amount of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan to equity, with no additional consideration being paid. The properties consisted of a diverse pool of 153 assets, which, at the time, also secured the CHC Mortgage Loan. At the time of the equitization of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan, there was 1 billion outstanding under the CHC Mortgage Loan and it accrued interest at a weighted average rate of LIBOR + 1.84 and had matured on June 9, 2023. The CHC Mortgage Loan was recorded at fair value, which approximates par, on May 1, 2023. Between June and August 2023, we repaid in full the CHC Mortgage Loan. 
 
 In June 2023, Ventas Realty issued 862.5 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.75 Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2026 (the Exchangeable Notes in a private placement. The Exchangeable Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of Ventas Realty and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured and unsubordinated basis by Ventas. The Exchangeable Notes bear interest at a rate of 3.75 per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2023. The Exchangeable Notes mature on June 1, 2026, unless earlier exchanged, redeemed or repurchased. The net proceeds from the Exchangeable Notes were primarily used to repay the CHC Mortgage Loan. As of December 31, 2023, we had 862.5 million aggregate principal amount of the Exchangeable Notes outstanding. 
 
 In July 2023, we entered into a 426.8 million fixed rate mortgage loan, which accrues interest at 5.91 , matures in 2033 and is secured by 19 SHOP communities in the United States. In October 2023, we purchased a 32.0 million tranche of this Company indebtedness at a discounted price, reducing the net effective interest rate of the mortgage loan to 5.60 and the net amount of the mortgage loan to 394.8 million. 
 
 47 

On September 6, 2023, Ventas Realty entered into a 200.0 million unsecured term loan priced at SOFR plus 0.95 , which is subject to adjustment based on Ventas Realty s debt ratings. This term loan matures in February 2027. The term loan is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Ventas, Inc. 
 
 In December 2023, we entered into a new five year C 93.5 million mortgage loan secured by five SHOP communities in Canada at an effective fixed rate of 5.12 . 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we sold 2.3 million shares of our common stock under our ATM program for gross proceeds of 110.4 million, representing an average price of 47.89 per share. As of December 31, 2023, the remaining amount available under our ATM program for future sales of common stock was 889.6 million. 
 
 Portfolio 
 
 In 2023, 63 senior housing communities owned by us were successfully converted from the triple-net leased properties segment to the SHOP segment or transitioned within the SHOP segment to 10 experienced managers to increase occupancy and performance in these communities. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance ESG 
 
 During 2023, we continued our leadership in ESG through our actions and received third-party recognition of our practices and accomplishments: 
 Advanced our net zero carbon commitment with the creation and roll-out of property-specific decarbonization roadmaps for properties within our operational control. 
 Demonstrated leadership in energy management, earning the 2023 ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year Sustained Excellence Award in Energy Management. 
 Maintained our leading GRESB performance, again achieving a 4-star GRESB rating. 
 Sustained our top performance in tenant satisfaction in our outpatient medical portfolio. 
 Awarded Gold in Nareit s 2023 Diversity, Equity Inclusion Recognition Awards. 
 
 Other Items 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we held a 7.5 ownership interest in Ardent, which entitles us to customary minority rights and protections, including the right to appoint one member to the Ardent Board of Directors. In May 2023, we sold approximately 24 of our ownership interest in Ardent to a third-party investor for 50.1 million in total proceeds. As a result of the sale, we recognized 33.5 million of gain for the year ended December 31, 2023 in income from unconsolidated entities in our Consolidated Statements of Income and our ownership interest in Ardent was reduced from 9.8 to 7.5 . 
 
 On November 23, 2023, Ardent became aware of a cybersecurity incident, which Ardent determined to be a ransomware attack. As a result, Ardent took its network offline, suspending all user access to its information technology applications, which resulted in disruptions to certain aspects of Ardent s clinical and financial operations. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we recognized 17.6 million of other income (which offsets other expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income) relating to insurance reimbursements received for damage caused by materially disruptive events, primarily the winter storm Elliott. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report have been prepared in accordance with GAAP set forth in the Accounting Standards Codification ASC ), as published by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ). GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions regarding future events that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We base these estimates on our experience and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. However, if our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions or other matters had been different, we may have applied a different accounting treatment, resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. We periodically reevaluate our estimates and assumptions, and in the event they prove to be different from actual results, we make adjustments in subsequent periods to reflect more current estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. We believe that the critical accounting policies described below, among others, affect our more significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation 
 48 

of our financial statements. For more information regarding our critical accounting policies, see Note 2 Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report include our accounts and the accounts of our wholly-owned subsidiaries and the joint venture entities over which we exercise control. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation, and our net earnings are reduced by the portion of net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests. 
 
 GAAP requires us to identify entities for which control is achieved through means other than voting rights and to determine which business enterprise is the primary beneficiary of variable interest entities VIEs ). A VIE is broadly defined as an entity with one or more of the following characteristics: (a) the total equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance the entity s activities without additional subordinated financial support; (b) as a group, the holders of the equity investment at risk lack (i) the ability to make decisions about the entity s activities through voting or similar rights, (ii) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity, or (iii) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity; and (c) the equity investors have voting rights that are not proportional to their economic interests, and substantially all of the entity s activities either involve, or are conducted on behalf of, an investor that has disproportionately few voting rights. We consolidate our investment in a VIE when we determine that we are its primary beneficiary. We may change our original assessment of a VIE upon subsequent events such as the modification of contractual arrangements that affects the characteristics or adequacy of the entity s equity investments at risk and the disposition of all or a portion of an interest held by the primary beneficiary. 
 
 We identify the primary beneficiary of a VIE as the enterprise that has both: (i) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance; and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could be significant to the entity. We perform this analysis on an ongoing basis. 
 
 Accounting for Real Estate Acquisitions 
 
 When we acquire real estate, we first make reasonable judgments about whether the transaction involves an asset or a business. Our real estate acquisitions are generally accounted for as asset acquisitions as substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. We record the cost of the assets acquired as tangible and intangible assets and liabilities based upon their relative fair values as of the acquisition date. 
 
 We estimate the fair value of buildings acquired on an as-if-vacant basis or replacement cost basis and depreciate the building value over the estimated remaining life of the building, generally not to exceed 35 years. We determine the fair value of other fixed assets, such as site improvements and furniture, fixtures and equipment, based upon the replacement cost and depreciate such value over the assets estimated remaining useful lives as determined at the applicable acquisition date. We determine the value of land either by considering the sales prices of similar properties in recent transactions or based on internal analyses of recently acquired and existing comparable properties within our portfolio. We generally determine the value of construction in progress based upon the replacement cost. However, for certain acquired properties that are part of a ground-up development, we determine fair value by using the same valuation approach as for all other properties and deducting the estimated cost to complete the development. During the remaining construction period, we capitalize project costs until the development has reached substantial completion. Construction in progress, including capitalized interest, is not depreciated until the development has reached substantial completion. 
 
 Intangibles primarily include the value of in-place leases and acquired lease contracts. We include all lease-related intangible assets and liabilities within acquired lease intangibles and accounts payable and other liabilities, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The fair value of acquired lease-related intangibles, if any, reflects: (i) the estimated value of any above or below market leases, determined by discounting the difference between the estimated market rent and in-place lease rent; and (ii) the estimated value of in-place leases related to the cost to obtain tenants, including leasing commissions, and an estimated value of the absorption period to reflect the value of the rent and recovery costs foregone during a reasonable lease-up period as if the acquired space was vacant. We amortize any acquired lease-related intangibles to revenue or amortization expense over the remaining life of the associated lease plus any assumed bargain renewal periods. If a lease is terminated prior to its stated expiration or not renewed upon expiration, we recognize all unamortized amounts of lease-related intangibles associated with that lease in operations over the shortened lease term. 
 
 49 

We estimate the fair value of purchase option intangible assets and liabilities, if any, by discounting the difference between the applicable property s acquisition date fair value and an estimate of its future option price. We do not amortize the resulting intangible asset or liability over the term of the lease, but rather adjust the recognized value of the asset or liability upon sale. 
 
 In connection with an acquisition, we may assume rights and obligations under certain lease agreements pursuant to which we become the lessee of a given property. We generally assume the lease classification previously determined by the prior lessee absent a modification in the assumed lease agreement. We assess assumed operating leases, including ground leases, to determine whether the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable to us given current market conditions on the acquisition date. To the extent the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable to us relative to market conditions on the acquisition date, we recognize an intangible asset or liability at fair value and amortize that asset or liability to interest or rental expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income over the applicable lease term. Where we are the lessee, we record the acquisition date values of leases, including any above or below market value, within operating lease assets and operating lease liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 We estimate the fair value of noncontrolling interests assumed consistent with the manner in which we value all of the underlying assets and liabilities. 
 
 We calculate the fair value of long-term assumed debt by discounting the remaining contractual cash flows on each instrument at the current market rate for those borrowings, which we approximate based on the rate at which we would expect to incur a replacement instrument on the date of acquisition, and recognize any fair value adjustments related to long-term debt as effective yield adjustments over the remaining term of the instrument. 
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived and Intangible Assets 
 
 We periodically evaluate our long-lived assets, primarily consisting of investments in real estate, for impairment indicators. If indicators of impairment are present, we evaluate the carrying value of the related real estate investments in relation to the future undiscounted cash flows of the underlying operations. In performing this evaluation, we consider market conditions and our current intentions with respect to holding or disposing of the asset. We adjust the net book value of real estate properties and other long-lived assets to fair value if the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows, including sales proceeds, is less than book value. We recognize an impairment loss at the time we make any such determination. 
 
 Estimates of fair value used in our evaluation of investments in real estate are based upon an income approach, if necessary, or other acceptable valuation techniques that are based, in turn, upon all available evidence including level three inputs, such as net operating income, revenue and expense growth rates, estimates of future cash flows, capitalization rates, discount rates, general economic conditions and trends, or other available market data such as replacement cost or comparable sales. Our ability to accurately predict future operating results and cash flows and to estimate and determine fair values impacts the timing and recognition of impairments. While we believe our assumptions are reasonable, changes in these assumptions may have a material impact on our financial results. 
 
 Accounting for Foreclosed Properties 
 
 The Company may receive properties pursuant to a foreclosure, deed in lieu of foreclosure or other legal action in full or partial settlement of loans receivable by taking legal title or physical possession of the properties. We refer to such actions as a foreclosure and to such properties as foreclosed properties. We account for foreclosed properties received in settlement of loans receivable in accordance with ASC 310, Receivables . Foreclosed real estate received in full or partial satisfaction of a loan and any debt assumed upon foreclosure is recorded at fair value at the time of foreclosure. If the amortized cost basis in the loan exceeds the fair value of the collateral received, the difference is recorded as an allowance on loans receivable and investments in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Conversely, if the fair value of the collateral received is higher than the amortized cost basis in the loan, the difference, less the fair value of any debt assumed, less the principal amount of the loan receivable (after the reversal of previously recorded allowances), and net of working capital assumed and transaction costs, is recorded as a gain on foreclosure of real estate in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 50 

Recent Accounting Standards 
 
 In November 2021, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2021-10, Disclosures by Business Entities about Government Assistance ASU 2021-10 ), which requires expanded annual disclosures for transactions involving the receipt of government assistance. Required disclosures include a description of the nature of the transactions with government entities, our accounting policies for such transactions and their impact to our Consolidated Financial Statements. We adopted ASU 2021-10 on January 1, 2022 and the adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 In November 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2023-07, Segment Reporting Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures ASU 2023-07 ), which requires incremental disclosures related to a public entity s reportable segments. Required disclosures include, on an annual and interim basis, significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker (CODM) and included within each reported measure of segment profit or loss, an amount for other segment items (which is the difference between segment revenue less segment expenses and less segment profit or loss) and a description of its composition, the title and position of the CODM, and an explanation of how the CODM uses the reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. The standard also permits disclosure of more than one measure of segment profit. ASU 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. We are evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2023-07 on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 In December 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2023-09, Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ASU 2023-09 ), which requires public entities on an annual basis to (1) disclose specific categories in the rate reconciliation and (2) provide additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold (if the effect of those reconciling items is equal to or greater than 5 percent of the amount computed by multiplying pretax income [or loss] by the applicable statutory income tax rate). ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2025. We are evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2023-09 on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Results of Operations 
 
 We operate through three reportable business segments: senior housing operating portfolio, outpatient medical and research portfolio and triple-net leased properties. In our SHOP segment, we invest in senior housing communities throughout the United States and Canada and engage operators to operate those communities. In our outpatient medical and research portfolio segment, we primarily acquire, own, develop, lease and manage outpatient medical buildings and research centers throughout the United States. In our triple-net leased properties segment, we invest in and own senior housing communities, skilled nursing facilities SNFs ), long-term acute care facilities LTACs ), freestanding inpatient rehabilitation facilities IRFs and other healthcare facilities throughout the United States and the United Kingdom and lease those properties to tenants under triple-net or absolute-net leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures. Information provided for non-segment includes income from loans and investments and other miscellaneous income and various corporate-level expenses not directly attributable to any of our three reportable business segments. Non-segment assets consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash, restricted cash, loans receivable and investments and miscellaneous accounts receivable. 
 
 Our chief operating decision maker evaluates performance of the combined properties in each reportable business segment and determines how to allocate resources to those segments, in significant part, based on NOI and related measures for each segment. For further information regarding our reportable business segments and a discussion of our definition of NOI, see Note 18 Segment Information of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional disclosure and reconciliations of net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with GAAP, to NOI. 
 
 51 

Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 The table below shows our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 and the effect of changes in those results from period to period on our net income attributable to common stockholders (dollars in thousands): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) to Net Income 2023 2022 NOI: SHOP 711,407 647,466 63,941 9.9 Outpatient medical and research portfolio 576,932 546,604 30,328 5.5 Triple-net leased properties 604,651 582,853 21,798 3.7 Non-segment 32,177 65,717 (33,540) (51.0) Total NOI 1,925,167 1,842,640 82,527 4.5 Interest and other income 11,414 3,635 7,779 nm Interest expense (574,112) (467,557) (106,555) (22.8) Depreciation and amortization (1,392,461) (1,197,798) (194,663) (16.3) General, administrative and professional fees (148,876) (144,874) (4,002) (2.8) Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt, net 6,104 (581) 6,685 nm Transaction, transition and restructuring costs (15,215) (30,884) 15,669 50.7 Allowance on loans receivable and investments 20,270 (19,757) 40,027 nm Gain on foreclosure of real estate 29,127 29,127 100.0 Shareholder relations matters (20,693) 20,693 100.0 Other income (expense) 23,001 (58,268) 81,269 139.5 Loss before unconsolidated entities, real estate dispositions, income taxes and noncontrolling interests (115,581) (94,137) (21,444) (22.8) Income from unconsolidated entities 13,626 28,500 (14,874) (52.2) Gain on real estate dispositions 62,119 7,780 54,339 nm Income tax benefit 9,539 16,926 (7,387) (43.6) Loss from continuing operations (30,297) (40,931) 10,634 26.0 Net loss (30,297) (40,931) 10,634 26.0 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 10,676 6,516 4,160 63.8 Net loss attributable to common stockholders (40,973) (47,447) 6,474 13.6 
 ______________________________ 
 nm not meaningful 
 
 NOI SHOP 
 
 The following table summarizes results of operations in our SHOP segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) to NOI 2023 2022 NOI SHOP: Resident fees and services 2,959,219 2,651,886 307,333 11.6 Less: Property-level operating expenses (2,247,812) (2,004,420) (243,392) (12.1) NOI 711,407 647,466 63,941 9.9 
 
 52 

Number of Properties at December 31, Average Unit Occupancy for the Years Ended December 31, Average Monthly Revenue Per Occupied Room for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 Total communities 587 544 81.4 80.8 4,684 4,396 
 
 Resident fees and services include all amounts earned from residents at our senior housing communities, such as rental fees related to resident leases, extended health care fees and other ancillary service income. Property-level operating expenses related to our SHOP segment include labor, food, utilities, marketing, management and other costs of operating the properties. For senior housing communities in our SHOP segment, occupancy generally reflects average operator-reported unit occupancy for the reporting period. Average monthly revenue per occupied room reflects average resident fees and services per operator-reported occupied unit for the reporting period. 
 
 The NOI increase in our SHOP segment in 2023 over the prior year was driven by positive trends in revenue driven by gains in occupancy and revenue per occupied room in 2023, communities that converted business model from our triple-net lease properties segment and properties acquired in connection with our equitization of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan. These gains were partially offset by higher property-level operating expenses in 2023, driven by HHS grants received in 2022, which are reflected as a reduction in property-level operating expenses, and macro inflationary impacts primarily on labor in 2023. During 2023, we did not receive any HHS grants. During 2022, HHS grants received reduced property-level operating expenses by 54.2 million. 
 
 The following table compares results of operations for our 456 same-store SHOP communities (dollars in thousands). See Non-GAAP Financial Measures NOI included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional disclosure regarding same-store NOI for each of our reportable business segments. 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) to NOI 2023 2022 Same-Store NOI SHOP: Resident fees and services 2,479,977 2,300,723 179,254 7.8 Less: Property-level operating expenses (1,853,831) (1,724,489) (129,342) (7.5) NOI 626,146 576,234 49,912 8.7 
 
 Number of Properties at December 31, Average Unit Occupancy for the Years Ended December 31, Average Monthly Revenue Per Occupied Room for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 Same-store communities 
 456 456 83.3 82.1 4,750 4,475 
 
 The increase in our same-store SHOP segment NOI is primarily driven by positive trends in revenue driven by gains in occupancy and revenue per occupied room in 2023. This increase was partially offset by higher property-level operating expenses in 2023, driven by HHS grants received in 2022, which are reflected as a reduction in property-level operating expenses, and macro inflationary impacts primarily on labor in 2023. During 2023, we did not receive any HHS grants. During 2022, HHS grants received reduced property-level operating expenses by 46.8 million. 
 
 53 

NOI Outpatient Medical and Research Portfolio 
 
 The following table summarizes results of operations in our outpatient medical and research portfolio reportable business segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands). For properties in our outpatient medical and research portfolio reportable business segment, occupancy generally reflects occupied square footage divided by net rentable square footage as of the end of the reporting period. 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) to NOI 2023 2022 NOI Outpatient Medical and Research Portfolio: 
 Rental income 867,193 801,159 66,034 8.2 Third party capital management revenues 2,515 2,448 67 2.7 Total revenues 869,708 803,607 66,101 8.2 Less: Property-level operating expenses (292,776) (257,003) (35,773) (13.9) NOI 576,932 546,604 30,328 5.5 
 
 Number of Properties at December 31, Occupancy at December 31, Annualized Average Rent Per Occupied Square Foot for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 Total outpatient medical and research portfolio 
 437 359 87.7 90.0 37 36 
 
 The increase in our outpatient medical and research portfolio segment NOI in 2023 over the prior year was primarily due to properties acquired in connection with our equitization of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan, leasing activity and high tenant retention, partially offset by higher operating expense and dispositions. 
 
 The following table compares results of operations for our 320 same-store outpatient medical and research portfolio (dollars in thousands): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) to NOI 2023 2022 Same-Store NOI Outpatient Medical and Research Portfolio: 
 Rental income 736,669 711,769 24,900 3.5 Less: Property-level operating expenses (239,282) (224,212) (15,070) (6.7) NOI 497,387 487,557 9,830 2.0 
 Number of Properties at December 31, Occupancy at December 31, Annualized Average Rent Per Occupied Square Foot for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 Same-store outpatient medical and research portfolio 320 320 91.4 91.6 38 37 
 
 The increase in our same-store outpatient medical and research portfolio segment NOI in 2023 over the prior year is primarily due to leasing activity and high tenant retention, partially offset by higher operating expense. 
 
 54 

NOI Triple-Net Leased Properties 
 
 The following table summarizes results of operations in our 331 triple-net leased properties segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Increase to NOI 
 2023 2022 NOI Triple-Net Leased Properties: Rental income 619,208 598,154 21,054 3.5 Less: Property-level operating expenses (14,557) (15,301) 744 4.9 NOI 604,651 582,853 21,798 3.7 
 
 In our triple-net leased properties segment, our revenues generally consist of fixed rental amounts (subject to contractual escalations) received from our tenants in accordance with the applicable lease terms. We report revenues and property-level operating expenses within our triple-net leased properties segment for real estate tax and insurance expenses that are paid from escrows collected from our tenants. 
 
 The increase in our triple-net leased properties NOI in 2023 over the prior year was primarily driven by a 29.0 million increase in rental income from properties acquired in connection with our equitization of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan, a 5.1 million increase in contractual rent escalators and 4.5 million of additional rental income received, partially offset by 12.6 million decrease in rental income from communities that converted business model to our senior housing operating portfolio and dispositions. 
 
 Occupancy rates may affect the profitability of our tenants operations. For senior housing communities and post-acute properties in our triple-net leased properties segment, occupancy generally reflects average operator-reported unit and bed occupancy, respectively, for the reporting period. Because triple-net financials are delivered to us following the reporting period, occupancy is reported in arrears. The following table sets forth average continuing occupancy rates related to the triple-net leased properties we owned at December 31, 2023 and measured over the trailing 12 months ended September 30, 2023 (which is the most recent information available to us from our tenants) and average continuing occupancy rates related to the triple-net leased properties we owned at December 31, 2022 and measured over the 12 months ended September 30, 2022. The table excludes non-stabilized properties, properties owned through investments in unconsolidated real estate entities, certain properties for which we do not receive occupancy information and properties acquired or properties that transitioned operators for which we do not have a full four quarters of occupancy results. 
 
 Number of Properties at December 31, 2023 Average Occupancy for the Trailing 12 Months Ended September 30, 2023 Number of Properties at December 31, 2022 Average Occupancy for the Trailing 12 Months Ended September 30, 2022 Senior housing communities 223 77.4 256 76.1 Skilled nursing facilities SNFs 16 83.6 16 81.9 IRFs and LTACs 36 54.3 36 56.4 
 
 The following table compares results of operations for our 290 same-store triple-net leased properties (dollars in thousands): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) to NOI 2023 2022 Same-Store NOI Triple-Net Leased Properties: Rental income 572,282 563,161 9,121 1.6 Less: Property-level operating expenses (13,053) (12,965) (88) (0.7) NOI 559,229 550,196 9,033 1.6 
 
 The increase in our same-store triple-net leased properties rental income in 2023 over the prior year was attributable primarily to a 5.1 million increase in contractual rent escalators, and 4.5 million of additional rental income received. 
 55 

NOI Non-Segment 
 
 Information provided for non-segment NOI includes management fees and promote revenues, net of expenses, related to our third-party institutional capital management business, income from loans and investments and various corporate-level expenses not directly attributable to any of our three reportable business segments. The 33.5 million decrease in non-segment NOI in 2023 over the prior year was primarily due to a 25.2 million decrease in interest income from loans receivable and investments driven by a 22.2 million decrease due to the conversion of the outstanding principal amount of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan to equity in May 2023 and a 5.8 million decrease due to a 43.4 million loan investment that was repaid at par in February 2023, partially offset by 9.9 million of promote revenue earned as general partner of the Ventas Fund within VIM in 2022. See Note 6 Loans Receivable and Investments and Note 7 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 Company Results 
 
 Interest and Other Income 
 
 The 7.8 million increase in interest and other income in 2023 over the prior year is primarily due to interest income earned on cash invested in short term money market funds. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 The 106.6 million increase in total interest expense in 2023 over the prior year was primarily attributable to an increase of 69.9 million due to a higher effective interest rate and 29.3 million due to higher average debt balances. Our GAAP weighted average effective interest rate was 4.23 for 2023, compared to 3.66 for 2022. Capitalized interest for 2023 and 2022 was 12.3 million and 9.6 million, respectively. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 The 194.7 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense in 2023 over the prior year is primarily due to a 112.3 million increase in impairments recognized in 2023 primarily related to properties that were classified as held for sale or sold and a 72.8 million increase in depreciation and amortization related to our ownership of additional properties. 
 
 General, Administrative and Professional Fees 
 
 The 4.0 million increase in general , administrative and professional fees in 2023 over the prior year was primarily due to inflationary increases. 
 
 Gain (Loss) on Extinguishment of Debt, Net 
 
 The 6.7 million change in gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt, net in 2023 over the prior year was primarily related to 8.3 million of gain recognized as a result of the April 2023 cash tender offers. 
 
 Transaction, Transition and Restructuring Costs 
 
 Transaction, transition and restructuring costs include transition and integration expenses incurred by properties that have undergone operator or business model transitions; costs and expenses relating to mergers, acquisitions, investments, leases, management agreements and similar arrangements, strategic transactions, such as spin-offs, joint ventures, partnerships and minority investments, and other transactions; and costs and expenses related to organizational or other restructuring activities. The 15.7 million decrease in transaction, transition and restructuring costs in 2023 over the prior year was primarily due to a 7.3 million decrease in restructuring charges incurred in 2022 in connection with the departure of an executive leadership team member and a 6.7 million decrease in transition costs incurred in 2022 in connection with properties that have undergone operator or business model transitions. 
 
 Allowance on Loans Receivable and Investments 
 
 The 40.0 million change in allowance on loans receivable and investments was primarily due to a 20.0 million allowance recognized in 2022 on the Santerre Mezzanine Loan. In connection with our equitization of the Santerre Mezzanine 
 56 

Loan on May 1, 2023, we reversed the 20.0 million allowance previously recorded. As a result, the Santerre Mezzanine Loan is no longer outstanding. 
 
 Gain on Foreclosure of Real Estate 
 
 The gain of 29.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 was recorded in connection with our equitization of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan on May 1, 2023 and is the excess of the fair value of the properties that secured the Santerre Mezzanine Loan, less the fair value of the CHC Mortgage Loan, less the principal amount of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan on May 1, 2023 (after the reversal of previously recorded allowances), and net of non-real estate assets and liabilities and transaction costs. 
 
 Shareholder relations matters 
 
 Shareholder relations matters of 20.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 relates to proxy advisory costs related to our response to a proxy campaign associated with the Company s 2022 annual meeting. There were no such costs incurred for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 
 Other expense includes the changes in fair value of stock warrants, net expenses or recoveries related to materially disruptive events and other expenses or income. The 81.3 million change in other income (expense) in 2023 over the prior year is primarily due to a 60.9 million change in the fair value of stock warrants received in connection with the Brookdale Lease. As of December 31, 2023, the fair value of the stock warrants was 59.3 million, which was 31.2 million higher than the fair value at the grant date. In 2023, we also recognized a 21.0 million increase in other income relating to insurance reimbursements received, net of expenses, for damage caused by materially disruptive events, primarily the winter storm Elliott. 
 
 Income from Unconsolidated Entities 
 
 The 14.9 million decrease in income from unconsolidated entities for 2023 over the prior year was primarily due to a 26.1 million gain on sale recognized in 2022 in connection with Atria combining its proprietary cloud-based senior housing management software platform, Glennis, with two other complementary companies in the Software as a Service (SaaS) technology space, a 11.7 million net gain on real estate disposition recognized in 2022 by Ardent and our share of higher net loss from the Research Innovation Development Joint Venture in 2023 due to higher interest expense and higher depreciation for development assets placed in service, partially offset by a 33.5 million gain recognized in May 2023 upon the sale of approximately 24 of our 9.8 ownership interest in Ardent to a third-party investor. 
 
 Gain on Real Estate Dispositions 
 
 The 54.3 million increase in gain on real estate dispositions was due to the higher disposition volume in 2023, which resulted in a net gain of 62.1 million recognized in 2023 for the sale of 26 properties and two land parcels compared to a net gain of 7.8 million in 2022 for the sale of 13 properties and a vacant land parcel. 
 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 
 The 2023 income tax benefit is primarily due to losses in certain of our TRS entities and a 3.2 million benefit from internal restructurings of U.S. TRS entities. The 2022 income tax benefit is primarily due to income tax benefit from operating losses at certain TRS entities and an income tax benefit of 11.9 million from an internal restructuring of foreign TRS entities. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on February 10, 2023, contains information regarding our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the effect of changes in those results from period to period on our net income attributable to common stockholders. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 We consider certain non-GAAP financial measures to be useful supplemental measures of our operating performance. A non-GAAP financial measure is a measure of historical or future financial performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes or includes amounts that are not so excluded from or included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and 
 57 

presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Described below are the non-GAAP financial measures used by management to evaluate our operating performance and that we consider most useful to investors, together with reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 
 
 The non-GAAP financial measures we present in this Annual Report may not be comparable to those presented by other real estate companies due to the fact that not all real estate companies use the same definitions. You should not consider these measures as alternatives for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. In order to facilitate a clear understanding of our consolidated historical operating results, you should examine these measures in conjunction with the most directly comparable GAAP measures as presented in our Consolidated Financial Statements and other financial data included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Funds From Operations and Normalized Funds From Operations Attributable to Common Stockholders 
 
 Historical cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. However, since real estate values historically have risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors deem presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. For that reason, we consider Funds From Operations attributable to common stockholders FFO and Normalized FFO to be appropriate supplemental measures of operating performance of an equity REIT. We believe that the presentation of FFO, combined with the presentation of required GAAP financial measures, has improved the understanding of operating results of REITs among the investing public and has helped make comparisons of REIT operating results more meaningful. Management generally considers FFO to be a useful measure for understanding and comparing our operating results because, by excluding gains and losses related to sales of previously depreciated operating real estate assets, impairment losses on depreciable real estate and real estate asset depreciation and amortization (which can differ across owners of similar assets in similar condition based on historical cost accounting and useful life estimates), FFO can help investors compare the operating performance of a company s real estate across reporting periods and to the operating performance of other companies. We believe that Normalized FFO is useful because it allows investors, analysts and our management to compare our operating performance to the operating performance of other real estate companies across periods on a consistent basis without having to account for differences caused by non-recurring items and other non-operational events such as transactions and litigation. In some cases, we provide information about identified non-cash components of FFO and Normalized FFO because it allows investors, analysts and our management to assess the impact of those items on our financial results. 
 
 We use the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts Nareit definition of FFO. Nareit defines FFO as net income attributable to common stockholders (computed in accordance with GAAP) excluding gains (or losses) from sales of real estate property, including gain (or loss) on re-measurement of equity method investments and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate, plus real estate depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated entities and noncontrolling interests. Adjustments for unconsolidated entities and noncontrolling interests will be calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis. We define Normalized FFO as Nareit FFO excluding the following income and expense items, without duplication: (a) transaction, transition and restructuring costs and amortization of intangibles; (b) the impact of expenses related to asset impairment and valuation allowances, the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees or additional costs, expenses, discounts, make-whole payments, penalties or premiums incurred as a result of early retirement or payment of our debt; (c) the non-cash effect of income tax benefits or expenses, the non-cash impact of changes to our executive equity compensation plan, derivative transactions that have non-cash mark-to-market impacts on our Consolidated Statements of Income and non-cash charges related to leases; (d) the financial impact of contingent consideration; (e) gains and losses for non-operational foreign currency hedge agreements and changes in the fair value of financial instruments; (f) gains and losses on non-real estate dispositions and other items related to unconsolidated entities and noncontrolling interests; (g) net expenses or recoveries related to materially disruptive events; and (h) other items set forth in the Normalized FFO reconciliation included herein. 
 
 58 

The following table summarizes our FFO and Normalized FFO for the three years ended December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands). Normalized FFO for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes 54.2 million of HHS grants received in 2022, which reduced property-level operating expenses, and 9.9 million of promote revenue earned as general partner of the Ventas Life Science Healthcare Real Estate Fund within VIM. Excluding HHS grants, Normalized FFO for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased over the prior year primarily due to increased net operating income at our SHOP segment as a result of positive trends in revenue driven by gains in occupancy and revenue per occupied room, partially offset by higher property-level operating expenses and higher interest expense. 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders (40,973) (47,447) 49,008 Adjustments: Depreciation and amortization on real estate assets 1,390,025 1,194,751 1,192,856 Depreciation on real estate assets related to noncontrolling interests (16,657) (17,451) (18,498) Depreciation on real estate assets related to unconsolidated entities 44,953 30,940 17,888 Gain on real estate dispositions (62,119) (7,780) (218,788) Gain on real estate dispositions related to noncontrolling interests 6,685 32 302 Gain on real estate dispositions and other related to unconsolidated entities (180) (14,546) Nareit FFO attributable to common stockholders 1,321,734 1,138,499 1,022,768 Adjustments: Change in fair value of financial instruments (32,076) 23,615 1,197 Non-cash income tax benefit (15,269) (21,349) (1,225) (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, net (6,104) 581 59,299 Transaction, transition and restructuring costs 15,215 30,884 47,318 Amortization of other intangibles 385 385 (21,871) Non-cash impact of changes to equity plan 161 (312) 1,796 Materially disruptive events, net (5,339) 12,451 10,226 Allowance on loan investments (20,270) 19,757 (9,081) Gain on foreclosure of real estate (29,127) Shareholder relations matters 20,693 Other normalizing items (1) 
 8,257 Normalizing items related to noncontrolling interests and unconsolidated entities, net (25,683) (18,233) 8,148 Normalized FFO attributable to common stockholders 1,211,884 1,206,971 1,118,576 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Includes adjustments for other unusual items, including: (i) approximately 5.5 million payment obligation arising in connection with sale of real estate, and (ii) approximately 2.7 million related to certain legal matters, primarily related to class action litigation in our SHOP segment. 
 
 59 

NOI 
 
 We also consider NOI an important supplemental measure because it allows investors, analysts and our management to assess our unlevered property-level operating results and to compare our operating results with those of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis. We define NOI as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and third party capital management expenses. 
 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income attributable to common stockholders to NOI (dollars in thousands): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders (40,973) (47,447) 49,008 Adjustments: Interest and other income (11,414) (3,635) (14,809) Interest expense 574,112 467,557 440,089 Depreciation and amortization 1,392,461 1,197,798 1,197,403 General, administrative and professional fees 148,876 144,874 129,758 (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, net (6,104) 581 59,299 Transaction, transition and restructuring costs 15,215 30,884 47,318 Allowance on loans receivable and investments (20,270) 19,757 (9,082) Gain on foreclosure of real estate (29,127) Shareholder relations matters 20,693 Other (income) expense (23,001) 58,268 37,110 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 10,676 6,516 7,551 Income from unconsolidated entities (13,626) (28,500) (4,983) Income tax (benefit) expense (9,539) (16,926) 4,827 Gain on real estate dispositions (62,119) (7,780) (218,788) NOI 1,925,167 1,842,640 1,724,701 
 
 See Results of Operations for discussions regarding both NOI and same-store NOI. We define same-store as properties owned, consolidated and operational for the full period in both comparison periods and that are not otherwise excluded; provided, however, that we may include selected properties that otherwise meet the same-store criteria if they are included in substantially all of, but not a full, period for one or both of the comparison periods, and in our judgment such inclusion provides a more meaningful presentation of our segment performance. 
 
 Newly acquired development properties and recently developed or redeveloped properties in our SHOP reportable business segment will be included in same-store once they are stabilized for the full period in both periods presented. These properties are considered stabilized upon the earlier of (a) the achievement of 80 sustained occupancy or (b) 24 months from the date of acquisition or substantial completion of work. Recently developed or redeveloped properties in our outpatient medical and research portfolio and triple-net leased properties reportable business segments will be included in same-store once substantial completion of work has occurred for the full period in both periods presented. Our senior housing operating portfolio and triple-net leased properties that have undergone operator or business model transitions will be included in same-store once operating under consistent operating structures for the full period in both periods presented. 
 
 Properties are excluded from same-store if they are: (i) sold, classified as held for sale or properties whose operations were classified as discontinued operations in accordance with GAAP; (ii) impacted by materially disruptive events such as flood or fire; (iii) for SHOP, those properties that are currently undergoing a materially disruptive redevelopment; (iv) for our outpatient medical and research portfolio and triple-net leased properties reportable business segments, those properties for which management has an intention to institute, or has instituted, a redevelopment plan because the properties may require major property-level expenditures to maximize value, increase NOI, or maintain a market-competitive position and/or achieve property stabilization, most commonly as the result of an expected or actual material change in occupancy or NOI; or (v) for SHOP and triple-net leased properties reportable business segments, those properties that are scheduled to undergo operator or business model transitions, or have transitioned operators or business models after the start of the prior comparison period. 
 60 

To eliminate the impact of exchange rate movements, all portfolio performance-based disclosures assume constant exchange rates across comparable periods, using the following methodology: the current period s results are shown in actual reported USD, while prior comparison period s results are adjusted and converted to USD based on the average exchange rate for the current period. 

Asset/Liability Management 
 
 Asset/liability management, a key element of enterprise risk management, is designed to support the achievement of our business strategy, while ensuring that we maintain appropriate and tolerable levels of market risk (primarily interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange risk) and credit risk. Effective management of these risks is a contributing factor to the absolute levels and variability of our FFO and net worth. The following discussion addresses our integrated management of assets and liabilities, including the use of derivative financial instruments. 
 
 Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates with respect to borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and our unsecured term loans, certain of our mortgage loans that are floating rate obligations, mortgage loans receivable that bear interest at floating rates and available for sale securities. These market risks result primarily from changes in SOFR rates or prime rates. To manage these risks, we continuously monitor our level of floating rate debt with respect to total debt and other factors, including our assessment of current and future economic conditions. See Risk Factors We are exposed to increases in interest rates, which could reduce our profitability and adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt, sell assets or engage in acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activity, and our decision to hedge against interest rate risk might not be effective. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 61 

The table below sets forth certain information with respect to our debt, excluding premiums and discounts (dollars in thousands): 
 As of December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Balance: Fixed rate: Senior notes/Exchangeable senior notes 
 9,302,840 8,627,540 8,729,102 Unsecured term loans 400,000 200,000 200,000 Mortgage loans and other 2,755,988 2,035,896 2,061,880 Subtotal fixed rate 12,458,828 10,863,436 10,990,982 Variable rate: Unsecured revolving credit facility 14,006 25,230 56,448 Unsecured term loans 677,501 669,031 395,757 Commercial paper notes 403,000 280,000 Mortgage loans and other 418,263 400,547 369,951 Subtotal variable rate 1,109,770 1,497,808 1,102,156 Total 13,568,598 12,361,244 12,093,138 Percent of total debt: Fixed rate: Senior notes/Exchangeable senior notes 
 68.6 69.8 72.2 Unsecured term loans 2.9 1.6 1.7 Mortgage loans and other 20.3 16.5 17.0 Variable rate: Unsecured revolving credit facility 0.1 0.2 0.5 Unsecured term loans 5.0 5.4 3.3 Commercial paper notes 3.3 2.3 Mortgage loans and other 3.1 3.2 3.0 Total 100.0 100.0 100.0 Weighted average interest rate at end of period: Fixed rate: Senior notes/Exchangeable senior notes 
 3.8 3.7 3.7 Unsecured term loans 4.7 3.6 3.6 Mortgage loans and other 4.2 3.7 3.6 Variable rate: Unsecured revolving credit facility 6.1 4.5 1.1 Unsecured term loans 6.3 5.5 1.4 Commercial paper notes 4.7 0.3 Mortgage loans and other 6.1 5.1 1.7 Total 4.1 3.9 3.4 
 
 The variable rate debt in the table above reflects, in part, the effect of 142.7 million notional amount of interest rate swaps maturing on March 22, 2027, in each case that effectively convert fixed rate debt to variable rate debt. In addition, the fixed rate debt in the table above reflects, in part, the effect of 527.3 million and C 651.5 million notional amount of interest rate swaps with maturities ranging from February 2025 to April 2031, in each case that effectively convert variable rate debt to fixed rate debt. See Note 10 Senior Notes Payable and Other Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 The increase in our fixed rate debt from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2023 was primarily due to the issuance of 862.5 million aggregate principal amount of 3.75 Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2026, the issuance of a 426.8 million fixed rate mortgage loan, which accrues interest at 5.91 , matures in 2033 and is secured by 19 SHOP communities in the 
 62 

United States, and interest rate swap activity in 2023 effectively converting an incremental 200.0 million of variable rate debt to fixed rate debt. 
 
 The decrease in our outstanding variable rate debt at December 31, 2023 compared to December 31, 2022 is primarily attributable to pay downs on commercial paper. 
 
 Assuming a 100 basis point increase in the weighted average interest rate related to our variable rate debt and assuming no change in our variable rate debt outstanding as of December 31, 2023 of 1.1 billion, interest expense on an annualized basis would increase by approximately 11.1 million, or 0.03 per diluted common share. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, our joint venture partners aggregate share of total consolidated debt was 297.5 million and 279.0 million, respectively, with respect to certain properties we owned through consolidated joint ventures. 
 
 Total consolidated debt does not include our portion of unconsolidated debt related to investments in unconsolidated real estate entities, which was 575.3 million and 454.4 million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 The fair value of our fixed rate debt is based on current market interest rates at which we could obtain similar borrowings. Increases in market interest rates typically result in a decrease in the fair value of fixed rate debt while decreases in market interest rates typically result in an increase in the fair value of fixed rate date. While changes in market interest rates affect the fair value of our fixed rate debt, these changes do not affect the interest expense associated with our fixed rate debt. Therefore, interest rate risk does not have a significant impact on our fixed rate debt obligations until their maturity or earlier prepayment and refinancing. If interest rates have risen at the time we seek to refinance our fixed rate debt, whether at maturity or otherwise, our future earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected by additional borrowing costs. Conversely, lower interest rates at the time of refinancing may reduce our overall borrowing costs. 
 
 To highlight the sensitivity of our fixed rate debt to changes in interest rates, the following summary shows the effects of a hypothetical instantaneous change of 100 basis points in interest rates (dollars in thousands): 
 As of December 31, 2023 2022 Gross book value 12,458,828 10,863,436 Fair value 11,994,321 10,010,935 Fair value reflecting change in interest rates: -100 basis points 12,457,648 10,449,991 +100 basis points 11,568,461 9,607,787 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the fair value of our secured and non-mortgage loans receivable, based on our estimates of currently prevailing rates for comparable loans, was 53.1 million and 517.0 million, respectively. See Note 6 Loans Receivable and Investments and Note 11 Fair Values of Financial Instruments of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 As a result of our Canadian and United Kingdom operations, we are subject to fluctuations in certain foreign currency exchange rates that may, from time to time, affect our financial condition and operating performance. Based solely on our results for the year ended December 31, 2023 (including the impact of existing hedging arrangements), if the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the British pound and Canadian dollar were to increase or decrease by one standard deviation compared to the average exchange rate during the year, our Normalized FFO per share for the year ended December 31, 2023 would decrease or increase, as applicable, by less than 0.01 per share or 1 . We will continue to mitigate these risks through a layered approach to hedging looking out for the next year and continual assessment of our foreign operational capital structure. Nevertheless, we cannot assure you that any such fluctuations will not have an effect on our earnings. 
 
 63 

Concentration Risk 
 
 We use concentration ratios to identify, understand and evaluate the potential impact of economic downturns and other adverse events that may affect our asset types, geographic locations, business models, and tenants, operators and managers. We evaluate concentration risk in terms of investment mix and operations mix. Investment mix measures the percentage of our investments that is concentrated in a specific asset type or that is operated or managed by a particular tenant, operator or manager. Operations mix measures the percentage of our operating results that is attributed to a particular tenant, operator or manager, geographic location or business model. 
 
 The following tables reflect our concentration risk as of the dates and for the periods presented: 
 As of December 31, 2023 2022 Investment mix by asset type (1) : 
 Senior housing communities 65.8 66.3 Outpatient medical 20.4 18.0 Research centers 5.7 6.9 Other healthcare facilities 
 4.8 4.9 Inpatient rehabilitation facilities IRFs and long-term acute care facilities LTACs 
 1.5 1.5 Skilled nursing facilities SNFs 1.7 0.6 Secured loans receivable and investments, net 0.1 1.8 Total 100.0 100.0 Investment mix by tenant, operator and manager (1) : 
 Atria (2) 
 23.5 26.0 Sunrise 9.0 9.8 Lillibridge 10.2 9.3 Brookdale 
 7.7 7.8 Le Groupe Maurice 7.0 7.0 Wexford 5.4 6.6 Ardent 5.1 5.3 Kindred 0.8 0.8 All other 31.3 27.4 Total 100.0 100.0 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Ratios are based on the gross book value of consolidated real estate investments (excluding properties classified as held for sale) as of each reporting date. 
 (2) Includes assets managed by Holiday. 
 64 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Operations mix by tenant and operator and business model: Revenues (1) : 
 SHOP 65.8 64.3 59.4 Brookdale (2) 
 3.3 3.6 3.9 Kindred 2.9 3.2 3.8 Ardent 3.0 3.2 3.3 All others 25.0 25.7 29.6 Total 100.0 100.0 100.0 Net operating income NOI ): SHOP 37.0 35.1 26.8 Brookdale (2) 
 7.7 8.1 8.6 Kindred 6.9 7.3 7.8 Ardent 6.9 7.1 7.4 All others 41.5 42.4 49.4 Total 100.0 100.0 100.0 Operations mix by geographic location (3) : 
 California 13.6 14.3 15.0 New York 7.4 7.5 7.6 Texas 6.5 6.6 6.1 Pennsylvania 5.2 5.2 4.6 Illinois 4.4 4.3 4.0 All others 62.9 62.1 62.7 Total 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Total revenues include third party capital management revenues, revenue from loans and investments and interest and other income (including amounts related to assets classified as held for sale). 
 (2) Results exclude ten senior housing communities, which are included in the SHOP segment. 
 (3) Ratios are based on total revenues (including amounts related to assets classified as held for sale) for each period presented. 
 
 See Non-GAAP Financial Measures included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional disclosure and reconciliations of net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with GAAP, to NOI. 
 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenues by leasing assets under long-term triple-net leases in which the rental rate is generally fixed with escalators, subject to certain limitations. Some of our triple-net lease escalators are contingent upon the satisfaction of specified facility revenue parameters or based on increases in the Consumer Price Index CPI ), with caps, floors or collars. We also earn revenues directly from individual residents in our senior housing communities that are managed by operators, such as Atria and Sunrise, and tenants in our outpatient medical buildings. 
 
 The concentration of our triple-net leased properties segment revenues and operating income that are attributed to Brookdale, Ardent and Kindred creates credit risk. If any of Brookdale, Ardent or Kindred becomes unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations to us or to renew its leases with us upon expiration of the terms thereof, our financial condition and results of operations could decline, and our ability to service our indebtedness and to make distributions to our stockholders could be impaired. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy A significant portion of our revenues and operating income is dependent on a limited number of tenants and managers, including Brookdale, Ardent, Kindred, Atria and Sunrise. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report and Note 3 Concentration of Credit Risk of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 We regularly monitor and assess any changes in the relative credit risk associated with our significant tenant relationships. The ratios and metrics we use to evaluate the relative credit risk associated with those relationships depend on facts and circumstances specific to that relationship and may vary over time. Such ratios and metrics may include, without 
 65 

limitation, the credit history of, and the legal, regulatory or economic conditions affecting, any tenant, guarantor, obligor, or affiliated company associated with the tenant. Among other things, we may review and analyze information regarding the real estate, senior housing and healthcare industries generally, financial statements and other public or private information regarding any tenant, guarantor, obligor, or affiliated company. From time to time we may also participate in discussions and in-person meetings with representatives of the significant tenant. Using this information, we calculate and review multiple financial ratios (which may, but do not necessarily, include, leverage, fixed charge coverage, rent coverage and other property level key performance indicators), including certain adjustments based on information provided by the tenant or required by the relevant reporting requirements and the expected future performance of the assets, tenants and guarantors. 
 
 Because Atria and Sunrise manage our properties in exchange for the receipt of a management fee from us, we are not directly exposed to the credit risk of our managers in the same manner or to the same extent as our triple-net tenants. However, we rely on our managers personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage our senior living operations efficiently and effectively. We also rely on Atria and Sunrise to set appropriate resident fees, to provide accurate property-level financials results in a timely manner and otherwise operate our senior housing communities in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable laws and regulations. Although we have various rights as the property owner under our management agreements, including various rights to terminate and exercise remedies under the agreements as provided therein, Atria s or Sunrise s failure, inability or unwillingness to satisfy its respective obligations under those agreements, to efficiently and effectively manage our properties or to provide timely and accurate accounting information with respect thereto could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 We hold a 34 ownership interest in Atria, which entitles us to customary minority rights and protections, including the right to appoint two members to the Atria Board of Directors. 
 
 Triple-Net Lease Performance and Expirations 
 
 Any failure, inability or unwillingness by our tenants to satisfy their obligations under our triple-net leases could have a material adverse effect on us. Also, if our tenants are not able or willing to renew our triple-net leases upon expiration, we may be unable to reposition the applicable properties on a timely basis or on the same or better economic terms, if at all. Although our lease expirations are staggered, the non-renewal of some or all of our triple-net leases that expire in any given year could have a material adverse effect on us. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we had no triple-net lease renewals or expirations without renewal that, in the aggregate, had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations for that period. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy If we need to replace any of our tenants or managers, we may be unable to do so on as favorable terms, if at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. included in Part I, Item IA of this Annual Report. 
 
 The following table summarizes our lease expirations in our triple-net leased properties segment currently scheduled to occur over the next 10 years as of December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 Number of 
 Properties (1) 
 2023 Annualized Base Rent ABR (2) 
 of 2023 Total Triple-Net Leased Properties Segment Rental Income 2024 22 11,101 1.8 2025 (3) 
 165 264,994 42.8 2026 31 38,355 6.2 2027 6 10,541 1.7 2028 20 46,669 7.5 2029 22 27,304 4.4 2030 9 11,493 1.9 2031 2 1,788 0.3 2032 7 5,316 0.9 2033 8 3,897 0.6 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Excludes assets sold or classified as held for sale, unconsolidated entities, development properties not yet operational, unconsolidated joint ventures and land parcels. 
 66 

(2) ABR represents the annualized impact of the current period s cash base rent at 100 share for consolidated entities. ABR does not include common area maintenance charges, the amortization of above/below market lease intangibles or other noncash items. ABR is used only for the purpose of determining lease expirations. 
 (3) Includes 29 LTACs leased by Kindred and 121 senior living properties leased by Brookdale. Kindred may extend the term for 5 years by delivering a renewal notice to the Company 12 to 18 months prior to expiration. Brookdale may extend the term for 10 years by delivering a renewal notice to the Company 13 to 18 months prior to expiration. We cannot assure you that Kindred or Brookdale will exercise its renewal option for these properties. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy If we need to replace any of our tenants or managers, we may be unable to do so on as favorable terms, if at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations, proceeds from the issuance of debt and equity securities, borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, and proceeds from asset sales. 
 
 For the next 12 months, our principal liquidity needs are to: (i) fund operating expenses; (ii) meet our debt service requirements; (iii) repay maturing mortgage and other debt; (iv) fund acquisitions, investments and commitments and any development and redevelopment activities; (v) fund capital expenditures; and (vi) make distributions to our stockholders and unitholders, as required for us to continue to qualify as a REIT. Depending upon the availability of external capital, we believe our liquidity is sufficient to fund these uses of cash. We expect that these liquidity needs generally will be satisfied by a combination of the following: cash flows from operations, cash on hand, debt assumptions and financings (including secured financings), issuances of debt and equity securities, dispositions of assets (in whole or in part through joint venture arrangements with third parties) and borrowings under our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper program. However, an inability to access liquidity through multiple capital sources concurrently could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Our material contractual obligations arising in the normal course of business primarily consist of long-term debt and related interest payments, and operating obligations which include ground lease obligations. During the year ended December 31, 2023, our contractual obligations increased primarily due to the issuance of 862.5 million aggregate principal amount of 3.75 Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2026. See Note 10 Senior Notes Payable and Other Debt and Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for further information regarding our long-term debt obligations and operating obligations, respectively. 
 
 We may, from time to time, seek to retire or purchase our outstanding indebtedness for cash or in exchange for equity securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, prospects for capital and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. 
 
 Loans Receivable and Investments 
 
 On May 1, 2023, we took ownership of the properties that secured the Santerre Mezzanine Loan by converting the outstanding principal amount of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan to equity, with no additional consideration being paid. As a result, the Santerre Mezzanine Loan is no longer outstanding. 
 
 Credit Facilities, Commercial Paper, Unsecured Term Loans and Letters of Credit 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had 2.7 billion of undrawn capacity on our unsecured revolving credit facility with 14.0 million outstanding and an additional 1.2 million restricted to support outstanding letters of credit. We limit our use of the unsecured revolving credit facility, to the extent necessary, to support our commercial paper program when commercial paper notes are outstanding. 
 
 Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership Ventas Realty ), may issue from time to time unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of 1.0 billion. The notes are sold under customary terms in the U.S. commercial paper note market and are ranked pari passu with all of Ventas Realty s other unsecured senior indebtedness. The notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Ventas, Inc. As of December 31, 2023, we had no borrowings outstanding under our commercial paper program. 
 
 Ventas Realty has a 500.0 million unsecured term loan priced at Term SOFR plus 0.95 , which is subject to adjustment based on Ventas Realty s debt ratings. This term loan is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Ventas, Inc. It 
 67 

matures in June 2027 and includes an accordion feature that permits Ventas Realty to increase the aggregate borrowings thereunder to up to 1.25 billion, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including the receipt of additional commitments for such increase. 
 
 On September 6, 2023, Ventas Realty entered into a 200.0 million unsecured term loan priced at SOFR plus 0.95 , which is subject to adjustment based on Ventas Realty s debt ratings. This term loan is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Ventas, Inc. It matures in February 2027 and includes an accordion feature that permits Ventas Realty to increase the aggregate borrowings thereunder to up to 500.0 million, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including the receipt of additional commitments for such increase. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, Ventas Canada Finance Limited Ventas Canada and Ventas SSL Ontario II, Inc., as borrowers, had a C 500 million or 377.5 million unsecured term loan facility priced at Canadian Dollar Offered Rate CDOR plus 0.90 that matures in January 2025. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, our 100.0 million uncommitted line for standby letters of credit had an outstanding balance of 15.0 million. The agreement governing the line contains certain customary covenants and, under its terms, we are required to pay a commission on each outstanding letter of credit at a fixed rate. 
 
 Exchangeable Senior Notes 
 
 In June 2023, Ventas Realty issued 862.5 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.75 Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2026 (the Exchangeable Notes in a private placement. The Exchangeable Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of Ventas Realty and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured and unsubordinated basis by Ventas. The Exchangeable Notes bear interest at a rate of 3.75 per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2023. The Exchangeable Notes mature on June 1, 2026, unless earlier exchanged, redeemed or repurchased. The net proceeds from the Exchangeable Notes were primarily used to repay the CHC Mortgage Loan. As of December 31, 2023, we had 862.5 million aggregate principal amount of the Exchangeable Notes outstanding. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we recognized approximately 17.8 million of contractual interest expense and amortization of issuance costs of 3.6 million related to the Exchangeable Notes. Unamortized issuance costs were 17.1 million as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 The Exchangeable Notes are exchangeable at an initial exchange rate of 18.2460 shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Exchangeable Notes (equivalent to an initial exchange price of approximately 54.81 per share of common stock). The initial exchange rate is subject to adjustment, including in the event of the payment of a quarterly dividend in excess of 0.45 per share, but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. Upon exchange of the Exchangeable Notes, Ventas Realty will pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the Exchangeable Notes to be exchanged and pay or deliver (or cause to be delivered), as the case may be, cash, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at Ventas Realty s election, in respect of the remainder, if any, of its exchange obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Exchangeable Notes being exchanged. Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding March 1, 2026, the Exchangeable Notes will be exchangeable at the option of the noteholders only upon the satisfaction of specified conditions and during certain periods described in the indenture governing the Exchangeable Notes. On or after March 1, 2026, until the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date, the Exchangeable Notes will be exchangeable at the option of the noteholders at any time regardless of these conditions or periods. 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had outstanding 8.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by Ventas Realty, approximately 73.8 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. NHP and assumed by our subsidiary, Nationwide Health Properties, LLC NHP LLC ), as successor to NHP, in connection with our acquisition of NHP, and C 1.6 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by our subsidiary, Ventas Canada. All of the senior notes issued by Ventas Realty and Ventas Canada are unconditionally guaranteed by Ventas, Inc. 
 
 We may, from time to time, seek to retire or purchase our outstanding senior notes for cash or in exchange for equity securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, prospects for capital and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. 
 
 68 

The indentures governing our outstanding senior notes require us to comply with various financial and other restrictive covenants. We were in compliance with all of these covenants at December 31, 2023. 
 
 In April 2023, our 100 owned subsidiary, Ventas Canada, issued and sold C 600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.398 Senior Notes due 2028 in a private placement at par. Pursuant to cash tender offers, we used the proceeds to repurchase C 613.7 million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding senior notes due in 2024 for an aggregate purchase price of C 600.0 million plus accrued and unpaid interest as disclosed below: 
 
 In April 2023, we repurchased C 527.0 million principal amount of our 2.80 Senior Notes, Series E due April 2024 at 97.6 of par value, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the settlement date. 
 
 In April 2023, we repurchased C 86.7 million principal amount of our 4.125 Senior Notes, Series B due September 2024 at 98.5 of par value, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the settlement date. 
 
 As a result of the tender offers, we recognized a gain on extinguishment of debt of 8.3 million in our Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Mortgages 
 
 At December 31, 2023, our consolidated aggregate principal amount of mortgage debt outstanding was 3.2 billion, of which our share was 2.9 billion. 
 
 Under certain circumstances, contractual and legal restrictions, including those contained in the instruments governing our subsidiaries outstanding mortgage indebtedness, may restrict our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries for the purpose of meeting our debt service obligations, including our payment guarantees with respect to Ventas Realty s and Ventas Canada Finance Limited s senior notes. 
 
 In March 2023, we entered into a C 271.8 million floating rate mortgage loan maturing in 2028 with an interest rate of CDOR + 0.88 . The mortgage is secured by 14 SHOP communities in Canada. 
 
 On May 1, 2023, we took ownership of the properties that supported the Santerre Mezzanine Loan by converting the outstanding principal amount of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan to equity, with no additional consideration being paid. The properties consisted of a diverse pool of 153 assets, which, at the time, also secured the CHC Mortgage Loan. At the time of the equitization of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan, there was 1 billion outstanding under the CHC Mortgage Loan and it accrued interest at a weighted average rate of LIBOR + 1.84 and matured on June 9, 2023. The CHC Mortgage Loan was recorded at fair value, which approximates par, on May 1, 2023. Between June and August 2023, we repaid in full the CHC Mortgage Loan. 
 
 In July 2023, we entered into a 426.8 million fixed rate mortgage loan, which accrues interest at 5.91 , matures in 2033 and is secured by 19 SHOP communities in the United States. In October 2023, we purchased a 32.0 million tranche of this Company indebtedness at a discounted price, reducing the net effective interest rate of the mortgage loan to 5.60 and the net amount of the mortgage loan to 394.8 million. 
 
 In December 2023, we entered into a C 93.5 million floating rate mortgage loan maturing in 2028 with an interest rate of CORRA + 1.31 . The mortgage is secured by five SHOP communities in Canada. 
 
 Derivatives and Hedging 
 
 In the normal course of our business, interest rate fluctuations affect future cash flows under our variable rate debt obligations, loans receivable and marketable debt securities, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations affect our operating results. We follow established risk management policies and procedures, including the use of derivative instruments, to mitigate the impact of these risks. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2023, we hedged an incremental 200.0 million of variable rate debt to fixed rate debt through the execution in March 2023 of two-year 400.0 million notional swaps on our unsecured term loan due in June 2027, replacing a 200.0 million notional swap that matured in January 2023. The swap instruments are designated as cash flow hedges. 
 
 69 

In March 2023, in connection with our new C 271.8 million mortgage loan, we entered into an interest rate swap totaling a notional amount of C 271.8 million with a maturity of March 14, 2028 that effectively converts CDOR-based floating rate debt to fixed rate debt. 
 
 In March and April 2023, we entered into a total of 250.0 million aggregate forward starting swaps with a ten-year weighted average rate of 3.37 . In July 2023, we terminated the above-mentioned forward starting swaps in conjunction with the issuance of the 426.8 million fixed rate mortgage loan due in 2033. 
 
 In December 2023, in connection with our new C 93.5 million mortgage loan, we entered into an interest rate swap totaling a notional amount of C 93.5 million with a maturity of December 18, 2028 that effectively converts CDOR-based floating rate debt to fixed rate debt. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 During 2023, we declared four dividends totaling 1.80 per share of our common stock, including a fourth quarter dividend of 0.45 per share. In order to continue to qualify as a REIT, we must make annual distributions to our stockholders of at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (excluding net capital gain). In addition, we will be subject to income tax at the regular corporate rate to the extent we distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, including any net capital gains. We intend to pay dividends greater than 100 of our taxable income, after the use of any net operating loss carryforwards, for 2024. 
 
 We expect that our cash flows will exceed our REIT taxable income due to depreciation and other non-cash deductions in computing REIT taxable income and that we will be able to satisfy the 90 distribution requirement. However, from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash on hand or other liquid assets to meet this requirement or we may decide to retain cash or distribute such greater amount as may be necessary to avoid income and excise taxation. If we do not have sufficient cash on hand or other liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the 90 distribution requirement, or if we desire to retain cash, we may borrow funds, issue additional equity securities, pay taxable stock dividends, if possible, distribute other property or securities or engage in a transaction intended to enable us to meet the REIT distribution requirements or any combination of the foregoing. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 The terms of our triple-net leases generally obligate our tenants to pay all capital expenditures necessary to maintain and improve our triple-net leased properties. However, from time to time, we may fund the capital expenditures for our triple-net leased properties through loans or advances to the tenants, which may increase the amount of rent payable with respect to the properties in certain cases. We may also fund capital expenditures for which we may become responsible upon expiration of our triple-net leases or in the event that our tenants are unable or unwilling to meet their obligations under those leases. We also expect to fund capital expenditures related to our SHOP and outpatient medical and research portfolio segments with the cash flows from the properties or through additional borrowings. We expect that these liquidity needs generally will be satisfied by a combination of the following: cash flows from operations, cash on hand, debt assumptions and financings (including secured financings), issuances of debt and equity securities, dispositions of assets (in whole or in part through joint venture arrangements with third parties) and borrowings under our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper program. 
 
 To the extent that unanticipated capital expenditure needs arise or significant borrowings are required, our liquidity may be affected adversely. Our ability to borrow additional funds may be restricted in certain circumstances by the terms of the instruments governing our outstanding indebtedness. 
 
 We are party to certain agreements that obligate us to develop senior housing communities, outpatient medical buildings or research centers funded through capital that we and, in certain circumstances, our joint venture partners provide. As of December 31, 2023, we had six active and committed projects pursuant to these agreements, including three projects that are unconsolidated. 
 
 In addition, from time to time, we engage in redevelopment projects with respect to our existing senior housing communities, outpatient medical buildings and research centers to maximize the value, increase NOI, maintain a market-competitive position, achieve property stabilization or change the primary use of the property. 
 
 70 

Equity Offerings 
 
 We participate in an at-the-market equity offering program ATM program ), pursuant to which we may, from time to time, sell up to 1.0 billion aggregate gross sales price of shares of our common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we sold 2.3 million shares of our common stock under our ATM program for gross proceeds of 110.4 million, representing an average price of 47.89 per share. There were no issuances under the ATM program for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold 10.9 million shares of our common stock under our previous ATM program for gross proceeds of 626.4 million at an average gross price of 57.71 per share. As of December 31, 2023, the remaining amount available under our ATM program for future sales of common stock was 889.6 million. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table sets forth our sources and uses of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (Decrease) Increase to Cash 2023 2022 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 
 170,745 196,597 (25,852) (13.1) Net cash provided by operating activities 1,119,873 1,120,163 (290) Net cash used in investing activities (184,664) (859,218) 674,554 78.5 Net cash used in financing activities (543,749) (283,928) (259,821) (91.5) Effect of foreign currency translation 
 1,257 (2,869) 4,126 143.8 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 563,462 170,745 392,717 nm 
 ______________________________ 
 nm not meaningful 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities decreased 0.3 million during 2023 over 2022 primarily due to an increase in NOI across our three segments (primarily driven by our SHOP segment) in 2023 offset by higher interest expense in 2023 and the fact that 54.2 million of HHS grants received in 2022 did not re-occur in 2023. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 
 Cash flows used in investing activities decreased 674.6 million during 2023 over 2022 primarily due to fewer external acquisitions and higher proceeds from real estate dispositions in 2023, partially offset by increased capital investment in our portfolio. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 
 Cash flows used in financing activities increased 259.8 million during 2023 over 2022 primarily due to higher debt repayments and higher repayments under our commercial paper program in 2023, partially offset by higher proceeds from debt issuances. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We own interests in certain unconsolidated entities as described in Note 7 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities. Except in limited circumstances, our risk of loss is limited to our investment in the joint venture and any outstanding loans receivable. In addition, we have certain properties which serve as collateral for debt that is owed by a previous owner of certain of our facilities, as described under Note 10 Senior Notes Payable and Other Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our risk of loss for these certain properties is limited to the outstanding debt balance plus penalties, if any. Further, we use financial derivative instruments to hedge interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate exposure. Finally, at December 31, 2023, we had 16.2 million outstanding letters of credit obligations. We have no other material off-balance sheet arrangements that we expect would materially affect our liquidity and capital resources except those described above. 
 
 71 

Guarantor and Issuer Financial Information 
 
 Ventas, Inc. has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the obligation to pay principal and interest with respect to the outstanding senior notes, including the Exchangeable Notes, issued by our 100 owned subsidiary, Ventas Realty. None of our other subsidiaries is obligated with respect to Ventas Realty s outstanding senior notes. 
 
 Ventas, Inc. has also fully and unconditionally guaranteed the obligation to pay principal and interest with respect to the outstanding senior notes issued by our 100 owned subsidiary, Ventas Canada Finance Limited Ventas Canada ). None of our other subsidiaries is obligated with respect to Ventas Canada s outstanding senior notes, all of which were issued on a private placement basis in Canada. 
 
 In connection with the acquisition of NHP, our 100 owned subsidiary NHP LLC, as successor to NHP, assumed the obligation to pay principal and interest with respect to the outstanding senior notes issued by NHP. Neither we nor any of our subsidiaries (other than NHP LLC) is obligated with respect to any of NHP LLC s outstanding senior notes. 
 
 In addition, Ventas, Inc. has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the obligations under our 2.75 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, our C 500 million unsecured term loan facility, our 500.0 million unsecured term loan, our 200.0 million unsecured term loan and our 100.0 million uncommitted line for standby letters of credit. 
 
 Under certain circumstances, contractual and legal restrictions, including those contained in the instruments governing our subsidiaries outstanding mortgage indebtedness, may restrict our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries for the purpose of meeting our debt service obligations, including our payment guarantees with respect to Ventas Realty s and Ventas Canada s senior notes. 
 
 The following summarizes our guarantor and issuer the balance sheet information for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 and statement of income information as of December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands) for each of Ventas Realty, as issuer of certain notes registered under the Exchange Act, and Ventas, Inc., on an unconsolidated basis, as guarantor of such notes: 
 
 Balance Sheet Information 
 As of December 31, 2023 Guarantor Issuer Assets Investment in and advances to affiliates 17,534,658 3,049,374 Total assets 17,845,979 3,152,334 Liabilities and equity Intercompany loans 12,437,182 (4,278,847) Total liabilities 12,660,012 4,467,637 Redeemable OP unitholder and noncontrolling interests 129,346 Total equity (deficit) 5,056,621 (1,315,303) Total liabilities and equity 17,845,979 3,152,334 
 
 72 

As of December 31, 2022 Guarantor Issuer Assets Investment in and advances to affiliates 17,691,107 3,049,374 Total assets 17,752,892 3,155,014 Liabilities and equity Intercompany loans 11,704,160 (3,825,402) Total liabilities 11,925,997 4,263,316 Redeemable OP unitholder and noncontrolling interests 
 102,148 Total equity (deficit) 5,724,747 (1,108,302) Total liabilities and equity 17,752,892 3,155,014 
 
 Statement of Income Information 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 Guarantor Issuer Equity earnings in affiliates 31,025 Total revenues 37,515 145,269 Loss before unconsolidated entities, real estate dispositions, income taxes and noncontrolling interests (38,639) (213,851) Net loss (40,973) (213,851) Net loss attributable to common stockholders (40,973) (213,851) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Guarantor Issuer Equity earnings in affiliates 43,317 Total revenues 45,037 145,560 Loss before unconsolidated entities, real estate dispositions, income taxes and noncontrolling interests (45,383) (173,407) Net loss (47,447) (173,407) Net loss attributable to common stockholders (47,447) (173,407) 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Guarantor Issuer Equity earnings in affiliates 133,143 Total revenues 137,348 158,255 Income (loss) before unconsolidated entities, real estate dispositions, income taxes and noncontrolling interests 49,694 (215,773) Net income (loss) 49,008 (215,777) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 49,008 (215,777) 

ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The information set forth in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Asset/Liability Management is incorporated by reference into this Item 7A. 
 
 73 

ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Ventas, Inc. 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 75 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (KPMG LLP, Chicago, IL, Auditor Firm ID: 
 76 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 79 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 80 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 81 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 82 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 83 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 84 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 86 
 Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 127 
 Schedule IV Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 
 130 
 
 74 

MANAGEMENT REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. 
 
 Management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report included herein. 

75 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Ventas, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ventas, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedules III and IV (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 15, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Equitization of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan 
 
 As discussed in Notes 2, 6 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company took ownership of the properties securing the Santerre Mezzanine Loan by converting the outstanding principal amount of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan to equity with no additional consideration being paid. The fair value of the real estate properties totaled 1.566 billion. The fair value was allocated on a relative fair value basis to the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired, primarily buildings and improvements, land, and in-place lease intangibles. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the overall fair value of senior housing, outpatient medical properties, and triple-net leased properties, and the allocation of fair value to buildings and improvements, land, and in-place lease-related 
 76 

intangibles as a critical audit matter. Specifically, a high degree of auditor judgment and specialized skills and knowledge was required to evaluate certain key assumptions used to determine the overall fair value of senior housing, outpatient medical properties, and triple-net leased properties, and the allocation of fair value to buildings and improvements, land, and in-place lease related intangibles. 
 
 For senior housing and outpatient medical properties, the key assumptions in the determination of overall fair value include comparable sales, direct capitalization rates, estimated net operating income, market rents, costs per unit, and estimates of future cash flows. 
 For triple-net leased properties, the key assumption in the determination of overall fair value was average estimated per bed value by property by state. 
 For the allocation of fair value to buildings and improvements, land, and in-place lease related intangibles, the key assumptions include comparable sales, replacement costs, and market rents. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s overall fair value determination and allocation of fair value to buildings and improvements, land, and in-place lease intangibles, including controls over the key assumptions described above. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in performing the following procedures. 
 
 For a selection of senior housing and outpatient medical properties, we evaluated the overall fair value by: 
 Comparing the Company s comparable sales, direct capitalization rates, estimated net operating income, market rents, costs per unit, and estimated future cash flows to independently developed assumptions for direct capitalization rates, estimated net operating income, market rents, cost per unit, estimated future cash flows, and independently obtained publicly available transactions. 
 
 For a selection of triple-net leased properties, we evaluated the overall fair value by: 
 Comparing the Company s determination of estimated per bed value by property by state to independently obtained publicly available transactions. 
 
 For a selection of real estate properties, we evaluated the allocation of fair value to buildings and improvements, land, and in-place lease intangibles by: 
 Comparing the Company s determination of the estimated fair value of land to comparable sales prices from independently obtained publicly available transactions. 
 Developing an independent expectation of the replacement cost and comparing that independent expectation to the Company s determination of the allocation of value to buildings and improvements. 
 Comparing market rents used in the valuation of in-place lease intangibles to ranges of market data from relevant industry guides and comparable leasing transactions. 
 
 Impairment of real estate investments in the senior housing operating portfolio 
 
 As discussed in Notes 1, 2, and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company periodically evaluates its long-lived assets, primarily consisting of investments in real estate, for impairment indicators. If indicators of impairment are present, the Company evaluates the carrying value of the related real estate investments in relation to the future undiscounted cash flows of the underlying operations. In performing this evaluation, the Company considers market conditions and current intentions with respect to holding or disposing of the asset and adjusts the net book value of real estate properties to fair value if the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows, including sales proceeds, is less than book value. During the year, impairment indicators arose for certain real estate properties and as a result, recoverability assessments were performed. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of real estate investments within the senior housing operating portfolio for impairment as a critical audit matter. Subjective auditor judgment was required in evaluating the Company s determination of the future undiscounted cash flows. In particular, the undiscounted cash flows were sensitive to significant assumptions, including capitalization rates, projected operating cash flows, and stabilization period. Additionally, subjective auditor judgment and specialized skills and knowledge were needed to evaluate market data used by the Company. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the impairment process. This included controls related to the Company s impairment process and the significant assumptions described above. To 
 77 

test certain of the Company s undiscounted cash flow estimates, we evaluated the Company s forecasts of projected operating cash flows by comparing actual results to the Company s forecasts adjusted for current market trends. In addition, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in evaluating the Company s significant assumptions by comparing the significant assumptions to publicly available market data. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

February 15, 2024 
 78 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Ventas, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Ventas, Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedules III and IV (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 15, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 15, 2024 
 79 

VENTAS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 As of December 31, 2023 2022 Assets Real estate investments: Land and improvements Buildings and improvements Construction in progress Acquired lease intangibles Operating lease assets Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Net real estate property Secured loans receivable and investments, net Investments in unconsolidated real estate entities Net real estate investments Cash and cash equivalents Escrow deposits and restricted cash Goodwill Assets held for sale Deferred income tax assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and equity Liabilities: Senior notes payable and other debt Accrued interest Operating lease liabilities Accounts payable and other liabilities Liabilities related to assets held for sale Deferred income tax liabilities Total liabilities Redeemable OP unitholder and noncontrolling interests Commitments and contingencies Equity: Ventas stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, unissued 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Capital in excess of par value Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings (deficit) ) ) Treasury stock, and shares issued at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 ) ) Total Ventas stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 80 

VENTAS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenues Rental income: Triple-net leased Outpatient medical and research portfolio Resident fees and services Third party capital management revenues Income from loans and investments Interest and other income Total revenues Expenses Interest Depreciation and amortization Property-level operating expenses: Senior housing 
 Outpatient medical and research portfolio Triple-net leased Third party capital management expenses General, administrative and professional fees (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, net ) Transaction, transition and restructuring costs 
 Allowance on loans receivable and investments ) ) Gain on foreclosure of real estate ) Shareholder relations matters 
 Other (income) expense 
 ) Total expenses Loss before unconsolidated entities, real estate dispositions, income taxes and noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Income from unconsolidated entities Gain on real estate dispositions Income tax benefit (expense) ) (Loss) income from continuing operations ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders ) ) Earnings per common share Basic: (Loss) income from continuing operations ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders ) ) Diluted: 1 
 (Loss) income from continuing operations ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders ) ) 
 ______________________________ 
 1 
 See accompanying notes. 
 81 

VENTAS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation gain (loss) ) ) Unrealized loss on available for sale securities ) ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on derivative instruments ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to common stockholders ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 82 

VENTAS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Common Stock Par Value Capital in Excess of Par Value Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings (Deficit) Treasury Stock Total Ventas Stockholders Equity Non- controlling Interests Total Equity Balance at January 1, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Acquisition-related activity Net change in noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) ) Dividends to common stockholders per share 
 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock for stock plans, restricted stock grants and other ) Adjust redeemable OP unitholder interests to current fair value 
 ) ) ) Redemption of OP Units ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Net change in noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Dividends to common stockholders per share 
 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock for stock plans, restricted stock grants and other ) Adjust redeemable OP unitholder interests to current fair value Redemption of OP Units Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Net change in noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) ) Dividends to common stockholders per share 
 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock for stock plans, restricted stock grants and other ) Adjust redeemable OP unitholder interests to current fair value 
 ) ) ) Redemption of OP Units ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 83 

V ENTAS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred revenue and lease intangibles, net ) ) ) Other non-cash amortization Allowance on loans receivable and investments ) ) Stock-based compensation Straight-lining of rental income ) ) ) (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, net ) Gain on real estate dispositions ) ) ) Gain on real estate loan investments ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) Gain and other from unconsolidated entities ) ) ) Gain on foreclosure of real estate ) Distributions from unconsolidated entities Other ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Increase in other assets ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in accrued interest ) (Decrease) increase in accounts payable and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Net investment in real estate property ) ) ) Investment in loans receivable ) ) ) Proceeds from real estate disposals Proceeds from loans receivable Proceeds from sale of interest in unconsolidated entities Net cash assumed in foreclosure of real estate Development project expenditures ) ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) ) Distributions from unconsolidated entities Investment in unconsolidated entities ) ) ) Insurance proceeds for property damage claims Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net change in borrowings under revolving credit facilities ) ) ) Net change in borrowings under commercial paper program ) Proceeds from debt Repayment of debt 
 ) ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) ) Issuance of common stock, net Cash distribution to common stockholders ) ) ) Cash distribution to redeemable OP unitholders ) ) ) Cash issued for redemption of OP Units ) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Proceeds from stock option exercises Other ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Effect of foreign currency translation ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 
 84 

V ENTAS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid including payments and receipts for derivative instruments Supplemental schedule of non-cash activities: Assets acquired and liabilities assumed from acquisitions and other: Real estate investments Other assets Debt Other liabilities Deferred income tax liability Noncontrolling interests Equity issued Settlement of loan receivable Real estate received in settlement of loan receivable Assumption of debt related to real estate owned Equity issued for redemption of OP Units Investment in unconsolidated entities 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 85 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

properties (including properties classified as held for sale). Our company is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois with additional corporate offices in Louisville, Kentucky and New York, New York. 
 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ), commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 1999. Provided we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we generally will not be required to pay U.S. federal corporate income taxes on our REIT taxable income that is currently distributed to our stockholders. In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must satisfy a number of highly technical requirements, which impact how we invest in, operate or manage our assets. 
 
 We primarily invest in our portfolio of real estate assets through wholly-owned subsidiaries and other co-investment entities. We operate through reportable business segments: senior housing operating portfolio, which we also refer to as SHOP , outpatient medical and research portfolio, which was formerly known as office operations, and triple-net leased properties. Non-segment assets consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash, restricted cash, loans receivable and investments and miscellaneous accounts receivable as well as investments in unconsolidated entities. In addition, from time to time, we make secured and unsecured loans and other investments relating to real estate or operators. Our chief operating decision maker evaluates performance of the combined properties in each operating segment and determines how to allocate resources to these segments, in significant part, based on NOI and related measures for each segment. See Note 2 Accounting Policies and Note 18 Segment Information . For a discussion of our definition of NOI and for a reconciliation of NOI to our net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 
 We also have investments in unconsolidated entities, including through our third-party institutional capital management business, Ventas Investment Management VIM ). Through VIM, we partner with third-party institutional investors to invest in real estate through various joint ventures and other co-investment vehicles where we are the sponsor or general partner, including our open-ended investment vehicle, the Ventas Life Science Healthcare Real Estate Fund (the Ventas Fund ). 
 
 Outpatient medical and research portfolio 
 Triple-net leased properties Non-segment (2) 
 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) NOI is defined as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and third party capital management expenses. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional disclosure and a reconciliation of net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with GAAP, to NOI. 
 (2) NOI for non-segment includes management fees and promote revenues, net of expenses related to our third-party institutional capital management business, income from loans and investments and various corporate-level expenses not directly attributable to any of our reportable business segments. 

86 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

87 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Fonds Immobilier Groupe Maurice, S.E.C. Other identified VIEs Tax credit VIEs 

million Class A limited partnership units in NHP/PMB OP Units ), which represented of the total units then outstanding, and we owned million Class B limited partnership units in NHP/PMB, representing the remaining . The OP Units may be redeemed at any time at the election of the holder for cash or, at our option, shares of our common stock per OP Unit, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. We are party by assumption to a registration rights agreement with the holders of the OP Units that requires us, subject to the terms and conditions and certain exceptions set forth therein, to file and maintain a registration statement relating to the issuance of shares of our common stock upon redemption of OP Units. 
 
 The OP Units are classified outside of permanent equity on our Consolidated Balance Sheets because they may be redeemed by third parties under circumstances that are outside of our control. We reflect the OP Units at the greater of cost or redemption value. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the fair value of the OP Units was million and million, respectively. We recognize changes in fair value through capital in excess of par value, net of cash distributions paid and purchases by us of any OP Units. Our diluted earnings per share includes the effect of any potential shares outstanding from redemption of the OP Units. 
 
 88 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

property that had syndicated NMTCs to TCIs. 
 
 In general, TCIs invest cash into special purpose entities that invest in entities that own the subject property and generate the tax credits. The TCIs receive substantially all of the tax credits and hold only a nominal interest in the economic risk and benefits of the special purpose entities. 
 
 HTCs are delivered to the TCIs upon substantial completion of the project. NMTCs are allowed for up to of a qualified investment and are delivered to the TCIs after the investment has been funded and spent on a qualified business. HTCs are subject to recapture within five years of substantial completion. The amount of the recapture is equal to of the HTCs during the first year after the completion of the historic rehabilitation and is reduced by each year during the subsequent five-year period. NMTCs are subject to recapture until the end of the seventh year following the qualifying investment. We have provided the TCIs with certain guarantees which protect the TCIs from losses should a tax credit recapture event occur. The contractual arrangements with the TCIs include a put/call provision whereby we may be obligated or entitled to repurchase the interest of the TCIs in the special purpose entities at the end of the tax credit recapture period. We anticipate that either the TCIs will exercise their put rights or we will exercise our call rights prior to the applicable tax credit recapture periods. 
 
 The portion of the TCI s investment that is attributed to the put is recorded at fair value at inception in accounts payable and other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, and is accreted to the expected put price as interest expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income over the recapture period. The remaining balance of the TCI s investment is initially recorded in accounts payable and other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and will be relieved upon delivery of the tax credit to the TCI, as a reduction in the carrying value of the subject property, net of allocated expenses. Direct and incremental costs incurred in structuring the transaction are deferred and will be recognized as an increase in the cost basis of the subject property upon the recognition of the related tax credit as discussed above. 

89 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

years. We determine the fair value of other fixed assets, such as site improvements, and furniture, fixtures and equipment, based upon the replacement cost and depreciate such value over the assets estimated remaining useful lives as determined at the applicable acquisition date. We determine the value of land either by considering the sales prices of similar properties in recent transactions or based on internal analyses of recently acquired and existing comparable properties within our portfolio. We generally determine the value of construction in progress based upon the replacement cost. However, for certain acquired properties that are part of a ground-up development, we determine fair value by using the same valuation approach as for all other properties and deducting the estimated cost to complete the development. During the remaining construction period, we capitalize project costs until the development has reached substantial completion. Construction in progress, including capitalized interest, is not depreciated until the development has reached substantial completion. 
 
 Intangibles primarily include the value of in-place leases and acquired lease contracts. We include all lease-related intangible assets and liabilities within acquired lease intangibles and accounts payable and other liabilities, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The fair value of acquired lease-related intangibles, if any, reflects: (i) the estimated value of any above or below market leases, determined by discounting the difference between the estimated market rent and in-place lease rent; and (ii) the estimated value of in-place leases related to the cost to obtain tenants, including leasing commissions, and an estimated value of the absorption period to reflect the value of the rent and recovery costs foregone during a reasonable lease-up period as if the acquired space was vacant. We amortize any acquired lease-related intangibles to revenue or amortization expense over the remaining life of the associated lease plus any assumed bargain renewal periods. If a lease is terminated prior to its stated expiration or not renewed upon expiration, we recognize all unamortized amounts of lease-related intangibles associated with that lease in operations over the shortened lease term. 
 
 We estimate the fair value of purchase option intangible assets and liabilities, if any, by discounting the difference between the applicable property s acquisition date fair value and an estimate of its future option price. We do not amortize the resulting intangible asset or liability over the term of the lease, but rather adjust the recognized value of the asset or liability upon sale. 
 
 In connection with an acquisition, we may assume rights and obligations under certain lease agreements pursuant to which we become the lessee of a given property. We generally assume the lease classification previously determined by the prior lessee absent a modification in the assumed lease agreement. We assess assumed operating leases, including ground leases, to determine whether the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable to us given current market conditions on the acquisition date. To the extent the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable to us relative to market conditions on the acquisition date, we recognize an intangible asset or liability at fair value and amortize that asset or liability to interest or rental expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income over the applicable lease term. Where we are the lessee, we record the acquisition date values of leases, including any above or below market value, within operating lease assets and operating lease liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 We estimate the fair value of noncontrolling interests assumed consistent with the manner in which we value all of the underlying assets and liabilities. 
 
 We calculate the fair value of long-term assumed debt by discounting the remaining contractual cash flows on each instrument at the current market rate for those borrowings, which we approximate based on the rate at which we would expect to incur a replacement instrument on the date of acquisition, and recognize any fair value adjustments related to long-term debt as effective yield adjustments over the remaining term of the instrument. 
 
 90 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

91 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

We evaluate a current estimate of all expected credit losses over the life of a financial instrument, which may result in recognition of credit losses on loans and other financial instruments before an actual event of default. We establish reserves for any estimated credit losses with a corresponding charge to allowance on loans receivable and investments in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Subsequent changes in our estimate of credit losses may result in a corresponding increase or decrease to allowance on loans receivable and investments in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 

million, million and million were included in interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

92 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

93 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million, respectively (excluding properties classified as held for sale). 
 
 Certain of our leases provide for periodic increases in base rent only if certain revenue parameters or other substantive contingencies are met. We recognize the increased rental revenue under these leases as the related parameters or contingencies are met, rather than on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease term. 
 
 We assess the probability of collecting substantially all rents under our leases based on several factors, including, among other things, payment history, the financial strength of the tenant and any guarantors, the historical operations and operating trends of the property, the historical payment pattern of the tenant, the type of property, the value of the underlying collateral, if any, expected future performance of the property and current economic conditions. If our evaluation of these factors indicates it is not probable that we will be able to collect substantially all rents under the lease, we record a charge to rental income. If we change our conclusions regarding the probability of collecting rent payments required by a lease, we may recognize adjustments to rental income in the period we make such change in our conclusions. 
 
 SHOP 
 
 Our resident agreements are accounted for as leases and we recognize resident fees and services, other than move-in fees and certain rent incentives, monthly as services are provided. We recognize move-in fees and certain rent incentives on a straight-line basis over the average resident stay. 
 
 Other 
 
 We provide various services to our unconsolidated real estate entities in exchange for fees and reimbursements, which are determined in accordance with the terms specific to each arrangement. We recognize these fees as we provide the services. 
 
 We may also earn promote revenue within the VIM platform related to the Ventas Fund, a perpetual life investment vehicle focused on investments in research centers, outpatient medical buildings and senior housing communities in North America. Within the Ventas Fund, promote revenue is generally based on the Ventas Fund s cumulative returns over three-year performance periods. The promote revenue is based on operating performance and real estate valuation of the portfolio, including highly variable inputs such as capitalization rates, market rents, and interest rates. As the asset appreciation is an 
 94 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

95 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

96 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

reportable business segments: SHOP, outpatient medical and research portfolio and triple-net leased properties. In our SHOP segment, we invest in senior housing communities throughout the United States and Canada and engage operators to operate those communities. In our outpatient medical and research portfolio segment, we primarily acquire, own, develop, lease and manage outpatient medical buildings and research centers throughout the United States. In our triple-net leased properties segment, we invest in and own senior housing communities, skilled nursing facilities SNFs ), long-term acute care facilities LTACs ), freestanding inpatient rehabilitation facilities IRFs and other healthcare facilities throughout the United States and the United Kingdom and lease those properties to tenants under triple-net or absolute-net leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures. See Note 18 Segment Information. 
 
 million and million, respectively, in HHS grants. These grants are recognized as a contra expense within property-level operating expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income in the period in which they were received. Any grants that are ultimately received and retained by us are not expected to fully offset the losses incurred in our SHOP segment that are attributable to COVID-19. Further, although we continue to monitor and evaluate the terms and conditions associated with these government grants, we cannot assure you that we will be in compliance with all requirements related to the payments received, in which case some or all of the grants received may need to be repaid. 
 
 97 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, , , and , respectively, of our total NOI. Because Atria and Sunrise manage our properties in exchange for a management fee from us, we are not directly exposed to their credit risk in the same manner or to the same extent as triple-net tenants like Brookdale, Ardent and Kindred. 
 
 Based on total NOI, our SHOP, outpatient medical and research portfolio triple-net leased properties segments contributed , and , respectively. Our consolidated properties were located in states, the District of Columbia, Canadian provinces and the United Kingdom as of December 31, 2023, with properties in state (California) accounting for more than of our total consolidated revenues and NOI for each of the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional disclosure and a reconciliation of net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with GAAP, to NOI. 
 
 Triple-Net Leased Properties 
 
 The properties we triple-net leased to Brookdale, Ardent and Kindred accounted for a significant portion of total revenues and total NOI for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Ardent Kindred Contribution as a Percentage of Total NOI: 
 Brookdale (2) 
 Ardent Kindred 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Total revenues include third party capital management revenues, income from loans and investments and interest and other income. 
 (2) 2023, 2022 and 2021 results include million, million and million, respectively, of amortization of up-front consideration received in 2020 from a revised master lease agreement with Brookdale. 
 
 Each of our leases with Brookdale, Ardent and Kindred is a triple-net lease that obligates the tenant to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures, and to comply with the terms of the mortgage financing documents, if any, affecting the properties. In addition, each of our Brookdale, Ardent and Kindred leases is guaranteed by a corporate parent. 
 98 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

properties to Kindred pursuant to a single, triple-net master lease agreement (together with certain other agreements related to such master lease, collectively, the Kindred Lease ). As of December 31, 2023, the Kindred Lease represented approximately of the Company s Total NOI. 
 
 Pursuant to the Kindred Lease, the properties are divided into two groups. The first group is composed of properties Group 1 and the second group is composed of properties Group 2 ). The existing term of the Kindred Lease expires on April 30, 2028 for Group 1 and April 30, 2025 for Group 2. Kindred has the option to renew all of the properties (but not less than all) (a) within Group 1 for -year extensions; and (b) within Group 2 for three 5-year extensions, in each case at the greater of escalated rent and fair market rent by providing written notice no later than one year prior to the applicable expiration date. Kindred currently has the option to renew all of the properties (but not less than all) within Group 2 for such -year extension by providing written notice to us before May 1, 2024. The Kindred Lease is guaranteed by a parent company. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic led to elevated volumes and financial performance at the properties leased to Kindred. As the pandemic receded, the financial performance has declined. While we believe that Kindred has taken and is taking targeted actions to attempt to improve the performance of the properties, there can be no assurance that Kindred will be able to do so or that such financial performance will not affect Kindred s ability to perform their obligations to us or impact any of their decisions related to the renewal of their lease. See also Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy If we need to replace any of our tenants or managers, we may be unable to do so on as favorable terms, if at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. , Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy A significant portion of our revenues and operating income is dependent on a limited number of tenants and managers, including Brookdale, Ardent, Kindred, Atria and Sunrise. and Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Strategy We face potential adverse consequences from the bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of our tenants, managers, borrowers and other obligors. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 Brookdale Lease 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we leased properties (excluding properties managed by Brookdale pursuant to long-term management agreements and included in the SHOP segment) to Brookdale pursuant to a single, triple-net master lease agreement (together with certain other agreements related to such master lease, collectively, the Brookdale Lease ). 
 
 Under the terms of the Brookdale Lease, base rent escalates annually at per annum, which escalation commenced on January 1, 2022. The existing term of the Brookdale Lease expires December 31, 2025 and Brookdale has the option to renew the Brookdale lease with respect to all (but not less than all) of the properties for two, 10-year extensions. Base rent for the first year of each extension is the greater of (a) of prior full year's base rent; and (b) fair market rent, capped at a 10 increase. Subsequent to the first year of any such renewal, base rent would continue to escalate by per annum over the prior full year s base rent. Brookdale currently has the option to renew the Brookdale Lease for its next 10-year extension by providing written notice to us after June 30, 2024 and on or before November 30, 2024. The Brookdale Lease is guaranteed by Brookdale Senior Living, Inc. 
 
 In addition, we hold warrants for million shares of Brookdale Senior Living, Inc. common stock, which are exercisable at any time prior to December 31, 2025 and have an exercise price of per share. The warrants are classified within other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and measured at fair value with changes in fair value being recognized within other expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Ardent Lease 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we leased properties (excluding outpatient medical buildings leased to Ardent under separate leases included in our outpatient medical and research portfolio segment) to Ardent pursuant to a single, triple-net master lease agreement (together with certain other agreements related to such master lease, collectively, the Ardent Lease ). The existing term of the Ardent Lease expires August 31, 2035 and Ardent has the option to renew such term for one, 10-year extension at contractual escalated rent. The Ardent Lease is guaranteed by the Ardent parent company. 
 
 99 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 Senior Housing Operating Portfolio 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, Atria and Sunrise, collectively, provided comprehensive property management and accounting services with respect to of our consolidated senior housing communities, for which we pay annual management fees pursuant to long-term management agreements. 
 
 On July 30, 2021, Atria acquired the management services division of Holiday, which at the time managed a pool of communities for Ventas. As of December 31, 2023, Atria and its subsidiaries, including Holiday, managed a pool of senior housing communities for Ventas. Ventas has the right to terminate the management contract for of the communities on short notice. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, Sunrise managed communities for Ventas pursuant to multiple management agreements (collectively, the Sunrise Management Agreements ). Our Sunrise Management Agreements have initial terms expiring between 2035 and 2040. Ventas has the ability to terminate some or all of the Sunrise Management Agreements under certain circumstances with or without the payment of a fee. 
 
 We successfully transitioned the operations of senior living communities owned by us and operated under management agreements with Eclipse Senior Living, Inc. ESL to experienced managers on or before January 2, 2022. ESL ceased operation of its management business in early 2022 following completion of the transitions. We incurred certain one-time transition costs and expenses in connection with the transitions, which were recognized within transaction, transition and restructuring costs in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 

million, we acquired outpatient medical buildings leased to affiliates of Ardent, behavioral health center, research center (all of which are 
 100 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

senior housing communities (which are reported within our SHOP segment). 
 
 2021 Acquisitions 
 
 On September 21, 2021, we acquired New Senior Investment Group Inc. New Senior for a purchase price of billion in an all-stock transaction pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of June 28, 2021 (the Merger Agreement by and among Ventas, Cadence Merger Sub LLC, our wholly-owned subsidiary Merger Sub ), and New Senior. Under the Merger Agreement, on the acquisition date, Merger Sub merged with and into New Senior, with New Senior surviving the merger as our wholly-owned subsidiary (the New Senior Acquisition ). The New Senior Acquisition was valued at approximately billion. We funded the transaction through the issuance of approximately million shares of our common stock, with each New Senior stockholder receiving shares of Ventas common stock for each share of New Senior common stock that they owned immediately prior to the acquisition. In addition to the equity issuance, we funded the acquisition through the assumption of million of New Senior mortgage debt and billion of cash paid at closing. The New Senior Acquisition added independent living communities to our SHOP segment and independent living community to our triple-net lease properties segment. We accounted for this transaction as an asset acquisition and the financial results of New Senior have been included in our consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we acquired Canadian senior housing communities reported within our SHOP segment and a behavioral health center in Plano, Texas reported within our outpatient medical and research portfolio for aggregate consideration of million. 
 
 2024 Acquisitions 
 
 In January 2024, we closed on the acquisition of a Class A senior housing community reported within our SHOP segment for million. 

senior housing communities of which were vacant), outpatient medical buildings (one of which was vacant), research centers, triple-net leased properties of which were vacant) and land parcel for aggregate consideration of million and recognized a gain on the sale of these assets of million in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 2022 Activity 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold senior housing communities, outpatient medical buildings, triple-net leased properties, vacant land parcel and vacant outpatient medical building for aggregate consideration of million and recognized a net gain on the sale of these assets of million in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 2021 Activity 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold outpatient medical buildings, triple-net leased properties and senior housing communities for aggregate consideration of million and recognized gains on the sale of these assets of million in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 101 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Outpatient medical and research portfolio (1) 
 Triple-net leased properties Total 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Balances as of December 31, 2022 primarily relate to sold assets that will be settled post close. 
 
 Real Estate Impairments 
 
 We recognized impairments of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are recorded primarily as a component of depreciation and amortization in our Consolidated Statements of Income. The impairments recorded were primarily a result of a change in our intent to hold or a change in the future cash flows of the impaired assets. 

million and million, respectively, of loans receivable and investments, net of allowance, relating to senior housing and healthcare operators or properties. 
 Non-mortgage loans receivable, net (2) 
 ) Total loans receivable and investments, net ) As of December 31, 2022: Secured/mortgage loans and other, net (3) 
 ) Government-sponsored pooled loan investments, net (4) 
 Total investments reported as secured loans receivable and investments, net 
 ) Non-mortgage loans receivable, net (2) 
 ) Total loans receivable and investments, net ) 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Investments have contractual maturities in 2024 and 2027. 
 (2) Included in other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (3) Includes the Company s cash-pay non-recourse mezzanine loan to Santerre Health Investors (the Santerre Mezzanine Loan ), which was no longer outstanding as of December 31, 2023. Other included investments have contractual maturities in 2024 and 2027. 
 (4) Repaid at par in February 2023. 
 
 102 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

billion non-recourse senior mortgage loan issued under the CHC Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-CHC (the CHC Mortgage Loan ). For additional information regarding the CHC Mortgage Loan, see Note 10 Senior Notes Payable and Other Debt. 
 
 Upon taking ownership of the portfolio, we reversed the previously recorded (in 2022) million CECL allowance and recognized a gain on foreclosure of real estate of million in our Consolidated Statements of Income. The gain is the fair value of the properties that secured the Santerre Mezzanine Loan, less the fair value of the CHC Mortgage Loan, less the principal amount of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan on May 1, 2023 (after the reversal of previously recorded allowances), and net of non-real estate assets and liabilities and transaction costs. For additional information, see Note 11 Fair Values of Financial Instruments. 
 
 2022 Activity 
 
 In 2022, we provided secured debt financing in the aggregate amount of million with terms ranging from two to and interest rates ranging from Term SOFR plus to . 
 
 million allowance on the Santerre Mezzanine Loan in our Consolidated Statements of Income. The allowance for the Santerre Mezzanine Loan was calculated using the CECL model, which considers relevant information about past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts to estimate expected losses as of the most recent balance sheet date. 

Pension Fund Joint Venture Research Innovation Development Joint Venture Ventas Investment Management platform 
 Atrium Health Wake Forest Joint Venture All other (2) 
 - 
 - 
 Total investments in unconsolidated real estate entities 
 ______________________________ 
 103 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

We provide various services to our unconsolidated real estate entities in exchange for fees and reimbursements. Total management fees earned in connection with these services were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Such amounts, along with promote revenue, are included in third party capital management revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 2022 Activity 
 
 In 2022, we earned our first promote revenue of million as general partner of the Ventas Life Science Healthcare Real Estate Fund within VIM. The promote revenue was recorded in third party capital management revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 In 2022, we, together with our joint venture partners Wexford and Atrium Health, closed or committed to a new approximately square foot development in Charlotte, North Carolina. 
 
 Investments in Unconsolidated Operating Entities 
 
 We own investments in unconsolidated operating entities such as Ardent and Atria, which are included within other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Our ownership interest in Atria entitles us to customary minority rights and protections, including the right to appoint members to the Atria Board of Directors. 
 
 2023 Activity 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we held a ownership interest in Ardent, which entitles us to customary minority rights and protections, including the right to appoint member to the Ardent Board of Directors. In May 2023, we sold approximately of our ownership interest in Ardent to a third-party investor for million in total proceeds. As a result of the sale, we recognized million of gain for the year ended December 31, 2023 in income from unconsolidated entities in our Consolidated Statements of Income and our ownership interest in Ardent was reduced from to . 
 
 On November 23, 2023, Ardent became aware of a cybersecurity incident, which Ardent determined to be a ransomware attack. As a result, Ardent took its network offline, suspending all user access to its information technology applications, which resulted in disruptions to certain aspects of Ardent s clinical and financial operations. 
 
 2022 Activity 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, Atria combined its proprietary cloud-based senior housing management software platform, Glennis, with two other complementary companies in the Software as a Service (SaaS) technology space. The merger transaction was executed under the sponsorship and majority ownership of an experienced private equity technology investor. We own a stake in Atria and recognized a million gain on sale in the fourth quarter of 2022 in income from unconsolidated entities in our Consolidated Statements of Income. We now own nearly of the new combined SaaS company. 
 
 In December 2022, we recognized million in income from unconsolidated entities in our Consolidated Statements of Income relating to our share of a net gain on real estate disposition recognized by Ardent. 
 
 104 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Total liabilities 
 Total noncontrolling interests 
 Total equity, net of noncontrolling interests 

Total pre-tax income 
 Total net (loss) income, net of noncontrolling interests 
 ) 

In-place and other lease intangibles (2) 
 Goodwill N/A N/A Other intangibles (2) 
 Accumulated amortization ) N/A ) N/A Net intangible assets Intangible liabilities: Below-market lease intangibles (1) 
 Other lease intangibles N/A N/A Accumulated amortization ) N/A ) N/A Purchase option intangibles N/A N/A Net intangible liabilities 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Amortization of above- and below-market lease intangibles is recorded as a decrease and an increase to revenues, respectively, in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 (2) Amortization of lease intangibles is recorded in depreciation and amortization in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Above-market lease intangibles and in-place and other lease intangibles are included in acquired lease intangibles within real estate investments on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Other intangibles (including non-compete agreements, trade names and trademarks) are included in other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Below-market lease intangibles, other lease intangibles and purchase option intangibles are included in accounts payable and other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, our net amortization related to these intangibles was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 105 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2025 2026 2027 2028 
 
 Triple-net leased properties SHOP Total goodwill 

Deferred lease costs, net 
 Investment in unconsolidated operating entities Non-mortgage loans receivable, net Stock warrants Other intangibles, net Other Total other assets 
 
 Stock warrants represent warrants exercisable at any time prior to December 31, 2025, in whole or in part, for million shares of Brookdale common stock at an exercise price of per share. These warrants are measured at fair value with changes in fair value being recognized within other expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 106 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Commercial paper notes Senior Notes, Series D due 2023 (2) 
 Senior Notes due 2024 
 Senior Notes due 2024 
 Senior Notes, Series B due 2024 (2) 
 Senior Notes, Series E due 2024 (2) 
 Unsecured term loan due 2025 (2) 
 Senior Notes due 2025 
 Senior Notes due 2025 
 Senior Notes due 2026 
 Senior Notes due 2026 
 Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2026 
 Unsecured term loan due February 2027 Unsecured term loan due June 2027 Senior Notes, Series G due 2027 (2) 
 Senior Notes due 2027 
 Senior Notes due 2028 
 Senior Notes, Series I due 2028 (2) 
 Senior Notes due 2029 
 Senior Notes due 2030 
 Senior Notes due 2030 
 Senior Notes due 2031 
 Senior Notes, Series H due 2031 (2) 
 Senior Notes due 2037 (3) 
 Senior Notes due 2038 (3) 
 Senior Notes due 2043 
 Senior Notes due 2045 
 Senior Notes due 2049 
 Mortgage loans and other Total Deferred financing costs, net ) ) Unamortized fair value adjustment Unamortized discounts ) ) Senior notes payable and other debt 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and million of aggregate borrowings were denominated in Canadian dollars. Aggregate borrowings of million and million were denominated in British pounds as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) British Pound and Canadian Dollar debt obligations shown in US Dollars. 
 Senior Notes due 2037 are subject to repurchase at the option of the holders, at par, on October 1, 2027, and our Senior Notes due 2038 are subject to repurchase at the option of the holders, at par, on July 7, 2028. 
 
 107 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

billion unsecured revolving credit facility priced at SOFR plus , which is subject to adjustment based on the Company s debt ratings. The unsecured revolving credit facility matures in January 2025, but may be extended at our option, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, for additional periods of each. The unsecured revolving credit facility also includes an accordion feature that permits us to increase our aggregate borrowing capacity thereunder to up to billion, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including the receipt of additional commitments for such increase. 
 
 Our unsecured revolving credit facility imposed certain customary restrictions on us, including restrictions pertaining to: (i) liens; (ii) investments; (iii) the incurrence of additional indebtedness; (iv) mergers and dissolutions; (v) certain dividend, distribution and other payments; (vi) permitted businesses; (vii) transactions with affiliates; (viii) agreements limiting certain liens; and (ix) the maintenance of certain consolidated total leverage, secured debt leverage, unsecured debt leverage and fixed charge coverage ratios and minimum consolidated adjusted net worth, and contains customary events of default. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had billion of undrawn capacity on our unsecured revolving credit facility with million outstanding and an additional million restricted to support outstanding letters of credit. We limit our use of the unsecured revolving credit facility, to the extent necessary, to support our commercial paper program when commercial paper notes are outstanding. 
 
 Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership Ventas Realty ), may issue from time to time unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of billion. The notes are sold under customary terms in the U.S. commercial paper note market and are ranked pari passu with all of Ventas Realty s other unsecured senior indebtedness. The notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Ventas, Inc. As of December 31, 2023, we had borrowings outstanding under our commercial paper program. 
 
 Ventas Realty has a million unsecured term loan priced at Term SOFR plus , which is subject to adjustment based on Ventas Realty s debt ratings. This term loan is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Ventas, Inc. It matures in June 2027 and includes an accordion feature that permits Ventas Realty to increase the aggregate borrowings thereunder to up to billion, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including the receipt of additional commitments for such increase. 
 
 On September 6, 2023, Ventas Realty entered into a million unsecured term loan priced at SOFR plus , which is subject to adjustment based on Ventas Realty s debt ratings. This term loan is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Ventas, Inc. It matures in February 2027 and includes an accordion feature that permits Ventas Realty to increase the aggregate borrowings thereunder to up to million, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including the receipt of additional commitments for such increase. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, Ventas Canada Finance Limited Ventas Canada and Ventas SSL Ontario II, Inc., as borrowers, had a C million or million unsecured term loan facility priced at Canadian Dollar Offered Rate CDOR plus that matures in January 2025. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, our million uncommitted line for standby letters of credit had an outstanding balance of million. The agreement governing the line contains certain customary covenants and, under its terms, we are required to pay a commission on each outstanding letter of credit at a fixed rate. 
 
 Exchangeable Senior Notes 
 
 In June 2023, Ventas Realty issued million aggregate principal amount of its Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2026 (the Exchangeable Notes in a private placement. The Exchangeable Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of Ventas Realty and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured and unsubordinated basis by Ventas. The Exchangeable Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2023. The Exchangeable Notes mature on June 1, 2026, unless earlier exchanged, redeemed or repurchased. The net proceeds from the Exchangeable Notes were primarily used to repay the CHC Mortgage Loan. As of December 31, 2023, we had million aggregate principal amount of the Exchangeable Notes outstanding. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we recognized approximately million of contractual interest expense and amortization of issuance costs of million related to the Exchangeable Notes. Unamortized issuance costs were million as of December 31, 2023. 
 108 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Exchangeable Notes (equivalent to an initial exchange price of approximately per share of common stock). The initial exchange rate is subject to adjustment, including in the event of the payment of a quarterly dividend in excess of per share, but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. Upon exchange of the Exchangeable Notes, Ventas Realty will pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the Exchangeable Notes to be exchanged and pay or deliver (or cause to be delivered), as the case may be, cash, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at Ventas Realty s election, in respect of the remainder, if any, of its exchange obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Exchangeable Notes being exchanged. Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding March 1, 2026, the Exchangeable Notes will be exchangeable at the option of the noteholders only upon the satisfaction of specified conditions and during certain periods described in the indenture governing the Exchangeable Notes. On or after March 1, 2026, until the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date, the Exchangeable Notes will be exchangeable at the option of the noteholders at any time regardless of these conditions or periods. 
 
 We have evaluated and concluded that the exchange options embedded in our exchangeable senior notes are eligible for the entity s own equity scope exception from ASC 815 and therefore, do not need to be bifurcated. Accordingly, we record our exchangeable senior notes as liabilities (included in senior notes payable and other debt on our Consolidated Balance Sheets). 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had outstanding billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by Ventas Realty, approximately million aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. NHP and assumed by our subsidiary, Nationwide Health Properties, LLC NHP LLC ), as successor to NHP, in connection with our acquisition of NHP, and C billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by our subsidiary, Ventas Canada. All of the senior notes issued by Ventas Realty and Ventas Canada are unconditionally guaranteed by Ventas, Inc. 
 
 Ventas Realty s senior notes are part of our and Ventas Realty s general unsecured obligations, ranking equal in right of payment with all of our and Ventas Realty s existing and future senior obligations and ranking senior in right of payment to all of our and Ventas Realty s existing and future subordinated indebtedness. However, Ventas Realty s senior notes are effectively subordinated to our and Ventas Realty s secured indebtedness, if any, to the extent of the value of the assets securing that indebtedness. Ventas Realty s senior notes are also structurally subordinated to the preferred equity and indebtedness, whether secured or unsecured, of our subsidiaries (other than Ventas Realty). 
 
 Ventas Canada s senior notes are part of our and Ventas Canada s general unsecured obligations, ranking equal in right of payment with all of Ventas Canada s existing and future subordinated indebtedness. However, Ventas Canada s senior notes are effectively subordinated to our and Ventas Canada s secured indebtedness, if any, to the extent of the value of the assets securing that indebtedness. Ventas Canada s senior notes are also structurally subordinated to the preferred equity and indebtedness, whether secured or unsecured, of our subsidiaries (other than Ventas Canada). 
 
 NHP LLC s senior notes are part of NHP LLC s general unsecured obligations, ranking equal in right of payment with all of NHP LLC s existing and future senior obligations and ranking senior to all of NHP LLC s existing and future subordinated indebtedness. However, NHP LLC s senior notes are effectively subordinated to NHP LLC s secured indebtedness, if any, to the extent of the value of the assets securing that indebtedness. NHP LLC s senior notes are also structurally subordinated to the preferred equity and indebtedness, whether secured or unsecured, of its subsidiaries. 
 
 Ventas Realty and Ventas Canada may redeem each series of their respective senior notes in whole at any time or in part from time to time, prior to maturity at the redemption prices set forth in the applicable indenture (which include, in many instances, a make-whole premium), plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 
 
 109 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

owned subsidiary, Ventas Canada, issued and sold C million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2028 in a private placement at par. Pursuant to cash tender offers, we used the proceeds to repurchase C million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding senior notes due in 2024 for an aggregate purchase price of C million plus accrued and unpaid interest as disclosed below: 
 
 In April 2023, we repurchased C million principal amount of our Senior Notes, Series E due April 2024 at of par value, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the settlement date. 
 
 In April 2023, we repurchased C million principal amount of our Senior Notes, Series B due September 2024 at of par value, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the settlement date. 
 
 As a result of the tender offers, we recognized a gain on extinguishment of debt of million in our Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Mortgages 
 
 At December 31, 2023, we had mortgage loans outstanding in the aggregate principal amount of billion, which are secured by of our properties. Of these loans, loans in the aggregate principal amount of billion bear interest at fixed rates ranging from to per annum, and loans in the aggregate principal amount of million bear interest at variable rates ranging from to per annum as of December 31, 2023. At December 31, 2023, the weighted average annual rate on our fixed rate mortgage loans was , and the weighted average annual rate on our variable rate mortgage loans was . Our mortgage loans had a weighted average maturity of years as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, we repaid in full mortgage loans in the aggregate principal amount of million and million, respectively. 
 
 In March 2023, we entered into a C million floating rate mortgage loan maturing in 2028 with an interest rate of CDOR + . The mortgage is secured by SHOP communities in Canada. 
 
 On May 1, 2023, we took ownership of the properties that supported the Santerre Mezzanine Loan by converting the outstanding principal amount of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan to equity, with no additional consideration being paid. The properties consisted of a diverse pool of assets, which, at the time, also secured the CHC Mortgage Loan. At the time of the equitization of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan, there was billion outstanding under the CHC Mortgage Loan and it accrued interest at a weighted average rate of LIBOR + and matured on June 9, 2023. The CHC Mortgage Loan was recorded at fair value, which approximates par, on May 1, 2023. Between June and August 2023, we repaid in full the CHC Mortgage Loan. 
 
 In July 2023, we entered into a million fixed rate mortgage loan, which accrues interest at , matures in 2033 and is secured by SHOP communities in the United States. In October 2023, we purchased a million tranche of this Company indebtedness at a discounted price, reducing the net effective interest rate of the mortgage loan to and the net amount of the mortgage loan to million. Because valid rights of set-off exist, the loan receivable is recorded as a reduction to the mortgage loan within senior notes payable and other debt on our Consolidated Balance Sheet, and interest income received is recorded as a reduction to interest expense in our Consolidated Statement of Income. As of December 31, 2023, the loan receivable of million reduced the mortgage loan of million resulting in a net mortgage loan balance of million recorded within senior notes payable and other debt on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 In December 2023, we entered into a C million floating rate mortgage loan maturing in 2028 with an interest rate of CORRA + . The mortgage is secured by SHOP communities in Canada. 
 110 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total maturities 
 
 The instruments governing our outstanding indebtedness contain covenants that limit our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) incur debt; (ii) make certain dividends, distributions and investments; (iii) enter into certain transactions; and/or (iv) merge, consolidate or sell certain assets. Ventas Realty s and Ventas Canada s senior notes also require us and our subsidiaries to maintain total unencumbered assets of at least of our unsecured debt. Our credit facilities also require us to maintain certain financial covenants pertaining to, among other things, our consolidated total leverage, secured debt, unsecured debt, fixed charge coverage and net worth. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we were in compliance with all of these covenants. 
 
 Derivatives and Hedging 
 
 In the normal course of our business, interest rate fluctuations affect future cash flows under our variable rate debt obligations, loans receivable and marketable debt securities, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations affect our operating results. We follow established risk management policies and procedures, including the use of derivative instruments, to mitigate the impact of these risks. 
 
 We do not use derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes, and we have a policy of entering into contracts only with major financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and other factors. When considered together with the underlying exposure that the derivative is designed to hedge, we do not expect that the use of derivatives in this manner would have any material adverse effect on our future financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, our variable rate debt obligations of billion reflect, in part, the effect of million notional amount of interest rate swaps with maturities in March 22, 2027, that effectively convert fixed rate debt to variable rate debt. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, our fixed rate debt obligations of billion reflect, in part, the effect of million and C million notional amount of interest rate swaps with maturities ranging from February 2025 to April 2031, in each case, that effectively convert variable rate debt to fixed rate debt. 
 
 2023 Activity 
 
 In the first quarter of 2023, we hedged an incremental million of variable rate debt to fixed rate debt through the execution in March 2023 of two-year million notional swaps on our unsecured term loan due in June 2027, replacing a million notional swap that matured in January 2023. The swap instruments are designated as cash flow hedges. 
 
 In March 2023, in connection with our new C million mortgage loan, we entered into an interest rate swap totaling a notional amount of C million with a maturity of March 14, 2028 that effectively converts CDOR-based floating rate debt to fixed rate debt. 
 
 111 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million aggregate forward starting swaps with a ten-year weighted average rate of . In July 2023, we terminated the above-mentioned forward starting swaps in conjunction with the issuance of the million fixed rate mortgage loan due in 2033. 
 
 In December 2023, in connection with our new C million mortgage loan, we entered into an interest rate swap totaling a notional amount of C million with a maturity of December 18, 2028 that effectively converts CDOR-based floating rate debt to fixed rate debt. 

Escrow deposits and restricted cash (1) 
 Stock warrants (3)(5) 
 Secured mortgage loans and other, net (3)(4) 
 Non-mortgage loans receivable, net (3)(4)(5) 
 Government-sponsored pooled loan investments, net (3) 
 Derivative instruments (3)(5) 
 Liabilities: Senior notes payable and other debt, gross (3)(4) 
 Derivative instruments (3)(6) 
 Redeemable OP Units (2) 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) The carrying amount approximates fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments. 
 (2) Level 1 within fair value hierarchy. 
 (3) Level 2 within fair value hierarchy. 
 (4) Level 3 within fair value hierarchy. 
 (5) Included in other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

For a discussion of the assumptions considered, refer to Note 2 Accounting Policies. The use of different market assumptions and estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the reported estimated fair value amounts. Accordingly, the estimates presented above are not necessarily indicative of the amounts we would realize in a current market exchange. 
 
 Other Items Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 
 Real estate recorded as held for sale and any associated real estate impairment recorded due to the shortening of the expected hold period due to our change in intent to hold the asset (see Note 5 Dispositions and Impairments are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. We estimate the fair value of assets held for sale and any associated impairment charges based primarily on current sales price expectations, which reside within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Real estate impairment charges recorded due to our evaluation of recoverability when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable are based on company-specific inputs and our assumptions about the marketability of the properties as observable inputs are not available. As such, we have determined that these fair value measurements generally reside within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. We estimate the fair value of real estate deemed to not be recoverable using the cost or income approach and unobservable data such as net operating income and estimated 
 112 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

billion (net of million of capital expenditures) on May 1, 2023 was determined using unobservable inputs primarily within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. For SHOP and outpatient medical properties, fair value was based on either an income or market approach that took into account unobservable inputs such as direct capitalization rates, estimated NOI, market rents, costs per unit, replacement cost and estimates of future cash flows, which are based on a number of factors including historical operating results, known trends and market and economic conditions. For the majority of the SHOP properties, fair value was based on an income approach with significant unobservable inputs that included an average direct capitalization rate of on estimated expected stabilized NOI, adjusted based on cost per unit in certain cases. For the majority of the outpatient medical properties, fair value was based on an income approach with significant unobservable inputs that included an average direct capitalization rate of on estimated expected stabilized NOI, adjusted based on cost per square foot in certain cases. For triple-net leased properties, fair value was primarily based on an average estimated per bed value by property by state of , which was determined based on an assessment of recent transactions adjusted for property, operator and other characteristics such as contractual rent, tenant payment history, underlying operating trends, reimbursement rates and other market data. 
 
 2022 Activity 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we recognized a million allowance on our mezzanine loan (the Santerre Mezzanine Loan to Santerre Health Investors. The Santerre Mezzanine Loan had a principal balance of million, was priced at LIBOR + and was freely prepayable in whole or in part subject to satisfaction of certain financial and non-financial terms and conditions. The Santerre Mezzanine Loan generated million in loan interest income to Ventas in 2022. 
 
 The allowance for the Santerre Mezzanine Loan was calculated using the current expected credit loss , or CECL , model, which considers relevant information about past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts to estimate expected losses as of the most recent balance sheet date. In the case of the Mezzanine Loan, the analysis took into account a variety of factors, including market conditions, cap rates for comparable assets, forecasted estimates of net operating income, discount rates, lease coverage levels and the continuing impact of COVID-19 and its secondary and tertiary effects on the operating performance of certain of the collateral, including occupancy and operating expenses such as labor. The allowance was calculated as of December 31, 2022 and did not take into account changes in the underlying facts that may have occurred after that date. The allowance was based on numerous estimates and assumptions that were inherently uncertain and subject to adjustment as the underlying facts change. The allowance may not represent the loss, if any, that we ultimately recognize. 

plan, the 2022 Incentive Plan, under which equity awards, including options to purchase common stock, shares of restricted stock or restricted stock units, have been or may be granted to our officers, employees and non-employee directors; and 
 
 plan under which our non-employee directors may elect to defer receipt of all or a portion of their cash retainers and meeting fees and receive shares of common stock in lieu thereof at a later date chosen by the participating director (the Non-Employee Directors Cash Compensation Deferral Plan, formerly known as the Non-Employee Directors Deferred Stock Compensation Plan). 
 
 113 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million shares, plus any shares of common stock subject to awards granted under the 2012 Plan as of October 1, 2022, that expire, or for any reason are forfeited, cancelled or terminated either without such shares being issued or with such shares being forfeited (such shares the 2012 Plan Shares were reserved initially for grants or issuance to employees and non-employee directors, and million shares were available for future issuance as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Non-Employee Directors Cash Compensation Deferral Plan million shares were reserved initially for issuance to participating non-employee directors in lieu of the payment of all or a portion of their retainer and meeting fees, at their option, and million shares were available for future issuance as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 In addition, we have plans under which outstanding options to purchase common stock, shares of restricted stock or restricted stock units have been granted to our officers, employees and non-employee directors (the 2006 Stock Plan for Directors and the 2012 Incentive Plan). New grants are not permitted under either of these plans. 
 
 Outstanding options, all of which were issued under the 2012 Plan, are exercisable at the market price on the date of grant, expire from the date of grant, and are fully vested. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited Options expired ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2023 Exercisable as of December 31, 2023 
 
 Compensation costs for all share-based awards are based on the grant date fair value and are recognized on a straight-line basis during the requisite service periods, with charges primarily recorded in general, administrative and professional fees in our Consolidated Statements of Income. As of December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, there was unrecognized compensation expense relating to stock options. 
 
 Aggregate proceeds received from options exercised under the Plans for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were million, million and million, respectively. The total intrinsic value at exercise of options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2023 was immaterial. The total intrinsic value at exercise of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. There was deferred income tax benefit for stock options exercised. 
 
 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
 
 We recognize the fair value of shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units (including time-based and performance-based awards) on the grant date of the award as stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period, with charges primarily to general, administrative and professional fees of million, million and million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards to employees generally vest over a period, while awards to non-employee directors typically vest 
 114 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

from the date of grant. If provided in the applicable Plan or award agreement, the vesting of restricted stock and restricted stock units may accelerate upon a change of control (as defined in the applicable Plan) of Ventas and other specified events. In addition to customary change in control vesting provisions, awards generally vest on retirement provided certain conditions are met. Employees are typically not retirement eligible until age plus years of service equals 75, with a minimum age of 62; the retirement age for non-employee directors is 75. 
 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) ) Forfeited ) ) Non-vested at December 31, 2023 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted stock and restricted stock units under the Plans. We expect to recognize that cost over a weighted average period of years. The total fair value at the vesting date for restricted stock and restricted stock units that vested during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Employee and Director Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 We have in effect an Employee and Director Stock Purchase Plan ESPP under which our employees and directors may purchase shares of our common stock at a discount. Pursuant to the terms of the ESPP, on each purchase date, participants may purchase shares of common stock at a price not less than of the market price on that date (with respect to the employee tax-favored portion of the plan) and not less than of the market price on that date (with respect to the additional employee and director portion of the plan). We initially reserved million shares for issuance under the ESPP. As of December 31, 2023, million shares had been purchased under the ESPP and million shares were available for future issuance. 
 
 Employee Benefit Plan 
 
 We maintain a 401(k) plan that allows eligible employees to defer compensation subject to certain limitations imposed by the Code. In 2023, we made contributions for each qualifying employee of up to of his or her salary, subject to certain limitations. During 2023, 2022 and 2021, our aggregate contributions were approximately million, million and million, respectively. 

115 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Qualified ordinary income 199A qualified business income Long-term capital gain Unrecaptured Section 1250 gain Non-dividend distribution Distribution reported for 1099-DIV purposes Add: Dividend declared in current year and taxable in following year Less: Dividend declared in prior year and taxable in current year ) ) ) Distribution declared per common share outstanding 
 
 We believe we have met the annual REIT distribution requirement by payment of at least of our estimated taxable income for 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 ) Current - State Deferred - Federal ) Deferred - State Current - Foreign Deferred - Foreign ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 The 2023 income tax benefit is primarily due to losses in certain of our TRS entities and a million benefit from internal restructurings of U.S. TRS entities. The 2022 income tax benefit is primarily due to losses at certain TRS entities and an income tax benefit of million from an internal restructuring of foreign TRS entities. The 2021 income tax expense is due to a million deferred tax expense related to an internal restructuring of certain U.S. TRS entities, a million deferred tax expense related to the revaluation of certain deferred tax liabilities as a result of enacted tax rate changes in the United Kingdom, and a million deferred tax expense related to the release of certain residual tax effects from marketable debt securities. 
 
 Although the TRS entities and certain other foreign entities have paid minimal cash federal, state and foreign income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2023, their income tax liabilities may increase in future years as we exhaust net operating loss NOL carryforwards and as our operations grow. Such increases could be significant. 
 
 116 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 ) ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance 
 Tax at statutory rate on earnings not subject to federal income taxes ) ) ) Foreign rate differential and foreign taxes Change in tax status of TRS ) Other differences ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) 
 
 Each TRS is a tax-paying component for purposes of classifying deferred tax assets and liabilities.) ) ) Operating loss and interest deduction carryforwards Expense accruals and other Valuation allowance ) ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) ) 
 
 Our net deferred tax liability decreased million during 2023 primarily due to the impact of operating losses at certain TRS entities and the reversal of million of net deferred tax liabilities from an internal restructuring of TRS entities, partially offset by an increase of million in connection with our equitization of the Santerre Mezzanine Loan on May 1, 2023. Our net deferred tax liability decreased million during 2022 primarily due to the impact of operating losses at certain TRS entities and the reversal of million of deferred tax liabilities from an internal restructuring of foreign TRS entities. Our net deferred tax liability decreased million during 2021 due to a million deferred tax expense related to an internal restructuring of certain U.S. TRS entities, a million deferred tax expense related to the revaluation of certain deferred tax liabilities as a result of enacted tax rate changes in the United Kingdom, and a million deferred tax expense related to the release of certain residual tax effects from marketable debt securities. 
 
 Due to uncertainty regarding the realization of certain deferred tax assets, we have established valuation allowances, primarily in connection with the NOL carryforwards related to certain TRSs. The amounts related to NOLs at the TRS entities for 2023, 2022 and 2021 are million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 We are subject to corporate-level taxes built-in gains tax for any asset dispositions during the period immediately after the assets were owned by a C corporation (either prior to our REIT election, through stock acquisition or merger). The amount of income potentially subject to built-in gains tax is generally equal to the lesser of the excess of the fair value of the asset over its adjusted tax basis as of the date it became a REIT asset or the actual amount of gain. Some, but not all, future gains could be offset by available NOL carryforwards. 
 
 At December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the REIT had NOL carryforwards of billion, billion and billion, respectively. Additionally, the REIT has million of federal income tax credits that were carried over from acquisitions at December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. These amounts can be used to offset future taxable income (or taxable income for prior years if an audit determines that tax is owed), if any. The REIT will be entitled to utilize NOLs and tax credit carryforwards only to the extent that REIT taxable income exceeds our deduction for dividends paid. Certain NOL and credit carryforwards are limited as to their utilization by Section 382 of the Code. The remaining REIT carryforwards began to expire in 2023. 
 117 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

billion and billion, respectively, less than the book bases of those assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes. 
 
 Generally, we are subject to audit under the statute of limitations by the Internal Revenue Service IRS for the year ended December 31, 2020, and subsequent years and are subject to audit by state taxing authorities for the year ended December 31, 2019 and subsequent years. We are subject to audit generally under the statutes of limitation by the Canada Revenue Agency and provincial authorities with respect to the Canadian entities for the year ended December 31, 2019 and subsequent years. We are subject to audit in the United Kingdom generally for the periods ended in and subsequent to 2022. 
 
 Additions to tax positions related to prior years Subtractions to tax positions related to prior years ) ) Balance as of December 31 
 
 Included in these unrecognized tax benefits of million and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, were million and million of tax benefits at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, that, if recognized, would reduce our annual effective tax rate. We accrued interest or penalties related to the unrecognized tax benefits during 2023. We do not expect our unrecognized tax benefits to increase or decrease materially in 2024. 
 
 As a part of the transfer pricing structure in the normal course of business, the REIT enters into transactions with certain TRSs, such as leasing and sub-management transactions, other capital financing and allocation of general and administrative costs, which transactions are intended to comply with the IRS and foreign tax authority transfer pricing rules. 

and years, respectively. Operating lease assets and liabilities are not recognized for leases with an initial term of 12 months or less, as these short-term leases are accounted for similar to previous guidance. 
 
 118 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, million and million of expense relating to our leases, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, cash paid for leases was million, million and million, respectively, as reported within operating cash outflows in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Operating lease liabilities 
 ) Net (loss) income ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders ) ) Denominator: Denominator for basic earnings per share weighted average shares Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options Restricted stock awards OP unitholder interests Denominator for diluted earnings per share adjusted weighted average shares Basic earnings per share: (Loss) income from continuing operations ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders ) ) Diluted earnings per share: (1) 
 (Loss) income from continuing operations ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders ) ) 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Potential common shares are not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share when a loss from continuing operations exists as the effect would be an antidilutive per share amount. 
 
 There were million, million and million anti-dilutive options outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 119 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and, therefore, all associated shares were antidilutive. 

billion aggregate gross sales price of shares of our common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we sold million shares of our common stock under our ATM program for gross proceeds of million, representing an average price of per share. There were issuances under the ATM program for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold million shares of our common stock under our previous ATM program for gross proceeds of million at an average gross price of per share. As of December 31, 2023, the remaining amount available under our ATM program for future sales of common stock was million. 
 
 Excess Share Provision 
 
 Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (our Charter contains restrictions on the ownership and transfer of our common and preferred stock to enable us to preserve our REIT status. Our Charter provides certain specified remedies if a transfer would violate one of the ownership limitations. In particular, if a person acquires beneficial or constructive ownership of more than the ownership limit (currently, , in number or value, of our outstanding common stock or , in number or value, of our outstanding preferred stock), or in violation of certain other limitations set forth in our Charter, then the shares that are beneficially or constructively owned in excess of the relevant limitation are considered to be excess shares. Excess shares are automatically deemed transferred to a trust for the benefit of a charitable institution or other qualifying organization selected by our Board of Directors. The trust is entitled to all dividends with respect to the excess shares, and the trustee may exercise all voting power over the excess shares. 
 
 We have the right to buy the excess shares for a purchase price equal to the lesser of the price per share in the transaction that created the excess shares or the market price on the date we buy the shares, and we may defer payment of the purchase price for up to . If we do not purchase the excess shares, the trustee of the trust is required to transfer the excess shares at the direction of our Board of Directors. The owner of the excess shares is entitled to receive the lesser of the proceeds from the sale of the excess shares or the original purchase price for such excess shares, and any additional amounts are payable to the beneficiary of the trust. As of December 31, 2023, there were shares in the trust. Our Charter also provides that a transfer of shares of common or preferred stock that would otherwise result in ownership, under the applicable attribution rules of the Code, of shares in excess of the ownership limit, would cause our shares to be beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons, or would result in our being closely held (within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code), will be void and the purported transferee will acquire no rights in the shares. 
 
 Our Board of Directors is empowered to grant waivers from the excess share provisions of our Charter under certain circumstances. 
 
 120 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 ) Unrealized (loss) gain on available for sale securities ) Unrealized gain on derivative instruments 
 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) 
 
 Redeemable OP Unitholder and Noncontrolling Interests 
 
 New issuances Change in fair value Dispositions ) ) Distributions and other ) ) Redemptions ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2023 

million, million and million, respectively, the majority of which are recorded within property-level operating expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we incurred fees to Atria of million primarily in connection with the transition of senior housing communities operated by Atria, which are recorded within transaction, transition and restructuring costs in our Consolidated Statements of Income. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we paid fees to Atria of million and million, respectively, in connection with the sale or transition of senior housing communities operated by Atria. These fees are considered transaction costs and are primarily recorded within depreciation and amortization expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 We hold a ownership interest in Atria, which entitles us to customary minority rights and protections, including the right to appoint members to the Atria Board of Directors. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we leased hospitals to Ardent pursuant to a single, triple-net master lease agreement. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recognized rental income from Ardent of 133.7 million , 130.5 million and 127.2 million , respectively, relating to the Ardent master lease. As of December 31, 2023, we also leased outpatient medical buildings to Ardent under separate leases included in our outpatient medical and research portfolio segment and recognized rental income of 13.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we held a ownership interest in Ardent, which entitles us to customary minority rights and protections, including the right to appoint member to the Ardent Board of Directors. In May 2023, we sold approximately of our ownership interest in Ardent to a third-party investor for million in total proceeds. As a result of the sale, we recognized million of gain for the year ended December 31, 2023 in income from unconsolidated entities in our Consolidated Statements of Income and our ownership interest in Ardent was reduced from to . 
 121 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, million and million, respectively. Management fees are recorded within property-level operating expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Leasing commissions are recorded within other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and amortized over the life of the related lease. 
 
 We hold a ownership interest in PMBRES, which entitles us to customary rights and protections, including the right to appoint members to the PMBRES Board of Directors. 
 
 senior housing communities to other operators. We held a ownership interest in ESL, which entitled us to customary minority rights and protections, including the right to appoint members to the ESL Board of Directors. ESL provided comprehensive property management and accounting services with respect to our senior housing communities that ESL operated, for which we paid annual management fees pursuant to a management agreement. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred million of fees to ESL, the majority of which are recorded within property-level operating expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, fees were incurred. In connection with the transition of the operations of senior housing communities in 2021, we paid ESL million, which is recorded within transaction, transition and restructuring costs in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 

reportable business segments: SHOP, outpatient medical and research portfolio and triple-net leased properties. In our SHOP segment, we invest in senior housing communities throughout the United States and Canada and engage operators to operate those communities. In our outpatient medical and research portfolio segment, we primarily acquire, own, develop, lease and manage outpatient medical buildings and research centers throughout the United States. In our triple-net leased properties segment, we invest in and own senior housing communities, skilled nursing facilities SNFs ), long-term acute care facilities LTACs ), freestanding inpatient rehabilitation facilities IRFs and other healthcare facilities throughout the United States and the United Kingdom and lease those properties to tenants under triple-net or absolute-net leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures. Information provided for non-segment includes management fees and promote revenues, net of expenses related to our third-party institutional capital management business, income from loans and investments and various corporate-level expenses not directly attributable to any of our reportable business segments. Non-segment assets consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash, restricted cash, loans receivable and investments and miscellaneous accounts receivable as well as investments in unconsolidated entities including VIM. 
 
 Our chief operating decision maker evaluates performance of the combined properties in each reportable business segment and determines how to allocate resources to those segments, in significant part, based on NOI and related measures for each segment. We define NOI as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and third-party capital management expenses. We consider NOI useful because it allows investors, analysts and our management to measure unlevered property-level operating results and to compare our operating results to the operating results of other real estate companies between periods on a consistent basis. In order to facilitate a clear understanding of our historical consolidated operating results, NOI should be examined in conjunction with net income attributable to common stockholders as presented in our Consolidated Financial Statements and other financial data included elsewhere in this Annual Report. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional disclosure and reconciliations of net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with GAAP, to NOI. 
 
 Interest expense, depreciation and amortization, general, administrative and professional fees, income tax expense and other non-property-specific revenues and expenses are not allocated to individual reportable business segments for purposes of assessing segment performance. There are intersegment sales or transfers. 

122 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Resident fees and services Third party capital management revenues Income from loans and investments Interest and other income Total revenues Total revenues Less: Interest and other income Property-level operating expenses Third party capital management expenses NOI Interest and other income Interest expense ) Depreciation and amortization ) General, administrative and professional fees ) Gain on extinguishment of debt, net Transaction, transition and restructuring costs ) Allowance on loans receivable and investments Gain on foreclosure of real estate Other income Income from unconsolidated entities Gain on real estate dispositions Income tax benefit Loss from continuing operations ) Net loss ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) 
 123 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Resident fees and services Third party capital management revenues Income from loans and investments Interest and other income Total revenues Total revenues Less: Interest and other income Property-level operating expenses Third party capital management expenses NOI Interest and other income Interest expense ) Depreciation and amortization ) General, administrative and professional fees ) Loss on extinguishment of debt, net ) Transaction, transition and restructuring costs ) Allowance on loans receivable and investments ) Shareholder relations matters ) Other expense ) Income from unconsolidated entities Gain on real estate dispositions Income tax benefit Loss from continuing operations ) Net loss ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) 
 124 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Resident fees and services Third party capital management revenues Income from loans and investments Interest and other income Total revenues Total revenues Less: Interest and other income Property-level operating expenses Third party capital management expenses NOI Interest and other income Interest expense ) Depreciation and amortization ) General, administrative and professional fees ) Loss on extinguishment of debt, net ) Transaction, transition and restructuring costs ) Allowance on loans receivable and investments Other expense ) Income from unconsolidated entities Gain on real estate dispositions Income tax expense ) Income from continuing operations Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to common stockholders 
 
 Outpatient medical and research portfolio 
 Triple-net leased properties Non-segment Total assets 
 
 125 

VENTAS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Outpatient medical and research portfolio 
 Triple-net leased properties Total capital expenditures 
 
 Our portfolio of properties and mortgage loan and other investments are located in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. Revenues are attributed to an individual country based on the location of each property. 
 Canada United Kingdom Total revenues 
 
 Canada United Kingdom Total net real estate property 

126 

VENTAS, INC. 
 Additions during period: Acquisitions Capital expenditures Deductions during period: Foreign currency translation ) ) Other (1) 
 ) ) Balance at end of period Accumulated depreciation: Balance at beginning of period Additions during period: Depreciation expense Dispositions: Sales and/or transfers to assets held for sale ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) Balance at end of period 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Other may include sales, transfers to assets held for sale and impairments. 
 127 

VENTAS, INC. 
 1835 - 2013 2007 - 2021 13 - 54 years Brookdale Senior Living 130 1915 - 2012 2004 - 2021 24 - 35 years Sunrise Senior Living 75 1987 - 2009 2007 - 2012 35 - 35 years 
 Sinceri Senior Living 34 1974 - 2005 2006 - 2015 35 -35 years 
 Priority Life Care Properties 33 1920 - 2009 2006 - 2021 29 - 51 years Sodalis Senior Living 29 1987 - 2009 2006 - 2021 14 - 47 years Discovery Senior Living 23 1984 - 2009 2006 - 2021 24 - 35 years Koelsch Senior Communities 19 1972 - 2017 2011 - 2017 35 -35 years 
 Senior Lifestyle 16 1982 - 2012 2011 - 2023 33 - 35 years Meridian Senior Living 14 ) 1972 - 2012 2011 - 2023 35 -35 years 
 Azura Memory Care 13 1990 - 2019 2011 - 2019 35 -35 years 
 Matthews Senior Living 12 ) 1985 - 2007 2011 - 2011 
 35 -35 years 
 Milestone Retirement Communities 11 1965 - 2011 2011 - 2014 35 -35 years 
 American House 11 1998 - 2000 2006 - 2014 35 -35 years 
 Avamere Family of Companies 11 1998 - 2012 2011 - 2015 35 -35 years 
 Hawthorn Senior Living 10 1998 - 2008 2021 - 2021 
 27 - 50 years Sonida Senior Living 10 1977 - 1998 2005 - 2012 35 -35 years 
 Ridgeline Management Company 10 1972 - 2007 2011 - 2021 11 - 35 years Other Senior Housing Operators 64 1987 - 2020 2004 - 2023 12 - 39 years Other Senior Housing 
 Total Senior Housing 709 Outpatient Medical Buildings 
 Lillibridge 219 1960 - 2016 2004 - 2023 4 - 39 years PMB RES 40 1972 - 2019 2011 - 2023 19 - 35 years Cornerstone Companies, Inc. 26 1975 - 2012 2023 - 2023 
 35 -35 years 
 Ardent Health Services 19 1974 - 2011 2018 - 2022 35 -35 years 
 Memorial Health System 12 1976 - 2002 2010 - 2010 
 35 -35 years 
 Other Medical Buildings Operators 
 89 1954 - 2019 2004 - 2023 25 - 35 years Other Medical Buildings 
 Total Outpatient Medical Buildings 
 405 
 128 

1923 - 2019 2016 - 2022 15 - 60 years Other Research Operators 
 2 2010 - 2016 2020 - 2020 
 35 -35 years 
 Other Research 
 Total Research 
 29 IRFs LTACs Kindred Healthcare 29 ) 1937 - 1995 1976 - 2020 20 - 40 years Other IRFs LTACs 14 1989 - 2013 2011 - 2023 35 - 36 years Total IRFs LTACs 43 Other Healthcare Facilities 
 Ardent Health Services 10 1928 - 2020 2015 - 2020 20 - 47 years Skilled Nursing Genesis Healthcare 12 ) 1897 - 1995 2004 - 2011 30 - 35 years Wellington 10 1969 - 1998 2023 - 2023 
 35 -35 years 
 Other Skilled Nursing Operators 
 22 1920 - 2000 1991 - 2023 29 - 40 years Total Skilled Nursing 44 ) CANADIAN PROPERTIES Senior Housing Le Groupe Maurice 36 2000 - 2023 2019 - 2023 40 - 60 years Atria Senior Living 29 ) 1988 - 2008 2014 - 2014 
 35 -35 years 
 Sunrise Senior Living 12 ) 2000 - 2007 2007 - 2007 
 35 -35 years 
 Other Senior Housing Operators 
 6 ) 2006 - 2012 2021 - 2021 
 35 -35 years 
 Other Senior Housing 
 Total Senior Housing 83 ) UNITED KINGDOM PROPERTIES Senior Housing Canford Healthcare Limited 12 ) 1980 - 2014 2015 - 2017 40 - 40 years 
 International Hospital Spire Healthcare 3 ) 1980 - 2010 
 2014 - 2014 
 50 - 50 years 
 TOTAL 1,338 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Adjustments to basis included provisions for asset impairments, partial dispositions, costs capitalized subsequent to acquisitions and foreign currency translation adjustments. 
 129 

VENTAS, INC. 
 senior housing property located in: 
 Pennsylvania Term SOFR plus 
 Variable Interest only; principal payments start in 2024 First mortgage relating to senior housing properties located in: 
 Texas Lesser of or SOFR + 
 Variable Interest only Total 

Reconciliation of Mortgage Loans: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Beginning Balance Additions: New loans Construction draws Total additions Deductions: Principal repayments ) ) Conversions to Real Property ) Allowance ) Total deductions ) ) ) Effect of foreign currency translation Ending Balance 
 130 

ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2023. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective as of December 31, 2023, at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The information set forth under Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 9A. 
 Internal Control Changes 
 During the fourth quarter of 2023, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2023, (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 

ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 None. 
 
 131 

PART III 

ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this Item 10 is incorporated by reference to the material under the headings Election of Directors, Our Executive Officers, Securities Ownership, and Corporate Governance and Board Matters in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC not later than April 29, 2024. 

ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the material under the headings Executive Compensation, Non-Employee Director Compensation and Corporate Governance and Board Matters in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC not later than April 29, 2024. 

ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this Item 12 is incorporated by reference to the material under the headings Equity Compensation Plan Information and Securities Ownership in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC not later than April 29, 2024. 

ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the material under the heading Corporate Governance and Board Matters, in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC not later than April 29, 2024. 

ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the material under the heading Audit Matters in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC not later than April 29, 2024. 
 
 132 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The following documents have been included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 76 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 80 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 a nd 2021 
 81 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 82 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 83 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 84 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 86 
 Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 127 
 Schedule IV Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 
 130 

All other schedules have been omitted because they are inapplicable or not required or the information is included elsewhere in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. 
 
 133 

EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number Description of Document Location of Document 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 28, 2021, by and among Ventas, Inc., Cadence Merger Sub LLC and New Senior Investment Group Inc. 
 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 28, 2021, File No. 001-10989. 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of Ventas, Inc. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011, filed on August 5, 2011, File No. 001-10989. 3.2 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended, of Ventas, Inc. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 1, 2022, File No. 001-10989. 4.1 
 Specimen common stock certificate. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, filed on February 12, 2016, File No. 001-10989. 4.2 
 Indenture dated as of September 26, 2013 by and among Ventas, Inc., Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Issuer, the Guarantors named therein, as Guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 
 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.10 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed on February 14, 2017, File No. 001-10989. 4.3 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 26, 2013 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, relating to the 5.700 Senior Notes due 2043. 
 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 26, 2013, File No. 001-10989. 4.4 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 17, 2014 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, relating to the 3.750 Senior Notes due 2024. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 17, 2014, File No. 001-10989. 4.5 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 14, 2015 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, relating to the 3.500 Senior Notes due 2025. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 14, 2015, File No. 001-10989. 4.6 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 14, 2015 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, relating to the 4.375 Senior Notes due 2045. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 14, 2015, File No. 001-10989. 4.7 
 Indenture dated as of August 19, 1997 by and between Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. and The Bank of New York, as Trustee, relating to the 6.90 Series C Medium-Term Notes due 2037 and the 6.59 Series C Medium-Term Notes due 2038. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 1.2 to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 19, 1997, File No. 001-09028 (see Exhibit 1.2 of complete submission text file). 4.8 
 Supplemental Indenture dated July 1, 2011 among Nationwide Health Properties, Inc., Needles Acquisition LLC, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor Trustee, relating to the 6.90 Series C Medium-Term Notes due 2037 and the 6.59 Series C Medium-Term Notes due 2038. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.17 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed on February 14, 2017, File No. 001-10989. 4.9 
 Indenture dated as September 24, 2014 by and among Ventas, Inc., Ventas Canada Finance Limited, the Guarantors parties thereto from time to time and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as Trustee. 
 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, filed on October 24, 2014, File No. 001-10989. 4.10 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 24, 2014 by and among Ventas Canada Finance Limited, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as Trustee, relating to the 4.125 Senior Notes, Series B due 2024. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, filed on October 24, 2014, File No. 001-10989. 
 134 

Exhibit Number Description of Document Location of Document 4. 1 1 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 12, 2019 by and among Ventas Canada Finance Limited, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as Trustee, relating to the 2.80 Senior Notes, Series E due 2024. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.15 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed on February 24, 2020, File No. 001-10989. 
 4. 12 
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 1, 2021 by and among Ventas Canada Finance Limited, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as Trustee, relating to the 2.45 Senior Notes, Series G due 2027. 
 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.14 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed on February 18, 2022, File No. 001-10989. 
 4. 13 
 Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 1, 2021 by and among Ventas Canada Finance Limited, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as Trustee, relating to the 3.30 Senior Notes, Series H due 2031. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.15 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed on February 18, 2022, File No. 001-10989. 4. 1 4 
 Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 21, 2023 by and among Ventas Canada Finance Limited, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as Trustee, relating to the 5.398 Senior Notes, Series I due 2028. 
 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023, filed on May 9, 2023, File No. 001-10989. 
 4.1 3 
 Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 1, 2021 by and among Ventas Canada Finance Limited, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as Trustee, relating to the 3.30 Senior Notes, Series H due 2031. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.15 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed on February 18, 2022, File No. 001-10989. 4.15 
 Indenture dated as of July 16, 2015 by and among Ventas, Inc., Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Issuer, the Guarantors named therein as Guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 16, 2015, File No. 001-10989. 4.16 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 16, 2015 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Issuer, Ventas Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, relating to the 4.125 Senior Notes due 2026. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 16, 2015, File No. 001-10989. 4.17 
 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 21, 2016 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Issuer, Ventas Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, relating to the 3.250 Senior Notes due 2026. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 21, 2016, File No. 001-10989. 4.18 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 29, 2017 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, relating to the 3.850 Senior Notes due 2027. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 29, 2017, File No. 001-10989. 4.19 
 Indenture dated February 23, 2018 among Ventas, Inc., Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, the Guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 23, 2018, File No. 001-10989. 4.20 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 23, 2018 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee relating to the 4.000 Senior Notes due 2028 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 23, 2018, File No. 001-10989. 4.21 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 15, 2018 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee relating to the 4.400 Senior Notes due 2029 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 15, 2018, File No. 001-10989. 4.2 2 
 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 26, 2019 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee relating to the 3.500 Senior Notes due 2024 and 4.875 Senior Notes due 2049 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 26, 2019, File No. 001-10989. 
 135 

Exhibit Number Description of Document Location of Document 4.23 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 3, 2019 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee relating to the 2.650 Senior Notes due 2025 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 3, 2019, File No. 001-10989. 4.24 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 21, 2019 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee relating to the 3.000 Senior Notes due 2030 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 21, 2019, File No. 001-10989. 4. 25 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 1, 2020 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee relating to the 4.750 Senior Notes due 2030. 
 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 1, 2020, File No. 001-10989. 
 4.26 
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 20, 2021 by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee relating to the 2.500 Senior Notes due 2031. 
 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 20, 2021, File No. 001-10989. 4. 27 
 Indenture dated as of June 13, 2023, by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee, relating to the 3.75 Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2026. 
 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 13, 2023, File No. 001-10989. 
 4. 28 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities. Filed herewith. 10.1 
 First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 3.5 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4, as amended, filed on May 29, 2002, File No. 333-89312. 10.2 
 Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2022, among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership, as borrower, Ventas, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as guarantor, the lending institutions party thereto from time to time, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 30, 2022, File No. 001-10989 10.3 
 Third Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2021, among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, Ventas SSL Ontario II, Inc., Ventas SSL Ontario III, Inc., Ventas Canada Finance Limited, Ventas UK Finance, Inc., and Ventas Euro Finance, LLC, as Borrowers, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, the Lenders identified therein, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and Bank of America, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as L/C Issuers. 
 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 2, 2021, File No. 001-10989. 
 10.4 
 First Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2021, among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, Ventas SSL Ontario II, Inc., Ventas SSL Ontario III, Inc., Ventas Canada Finance Limited, Ventas UK Finance, Inc., and Ventas Euro Finance, LLC, as Borrowers, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, filed on November 5, 2021 File No. 001-10989. 
 
 136 

Exhibit Number Description of Document Location of Document 10.5 
 Second Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2023, among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, Ventas SSL Ontario II, Inc., Ventas SSL Ontario III, Inc., Ventas Canada Finance Limited, Ventas UK Finance, Inc., and Ventas Euro Finance, LLC, as Borrowers, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, filed on August 4, 2023, File No. 001-10989. 
 10 .6 
 Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2023, among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership, as borrower, Ventas, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as guarantor, the lending institutions party thereto from time to time, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 12, 2023, File No. 001-10989. 
 10 .7 
 ATM Sales Agreement dated November 8, 2021, among Ventas, Inc. and BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Jefferies LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., TD Securities (USA) LLC, UBS Securities LLC, and Wells Fargo Securities LLC, as sales agents and as forward sellers, and Bank of America, N .A. Citibank, N.A., Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Jefferies LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, Mizuho Markets Americas LLC, Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, MUFG Securities EMEA plc, RBC Capital Markets, LLC, The Bank of Nova Scotia, The Toronto-Dominion Bank, UBS AG London Branch and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as forward purchasers. 
 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 1.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 9, 2021, File No. 001-10989. 
 10 . 8 .1 
 Ventas, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan for Directors, as amended. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, filed on April 27, 2012, File No. 001-10989. 10 . 8 .2 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 2006 Stock Plan for Directors. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.11.4 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, filed on February 27, 2009, File No. 001-10989. 10. 9 .1 
 Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 23, 2012, File No. 001-10989. 10. 9 .2 
 First Amendment to the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.10.7 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, filed on April 28, 2017, File No. 001-10989. 10. 9 .3 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (Employees) under the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.6.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, filed February 13, 2015, File No. 001-10989. 10.9.4 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Directors) under the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.5 to our Registration Form on S-8, filed on August 7, 2012, File No. 333-183121. 10.9.5 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Directors) under the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.6 to our Registration Form on S-8, filed on August 7, 2012, File No. 333-183121. 
 137 

Exhibit Number Description of Document Location of Document 10.9.6 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (CEO) under the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.10.8 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, filed on April 28, 2017, File No. 001-10989. 10.9.7 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (CEO) under the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.10.9 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, filed on April 28, 2017, File No. 001-10989. 10.9. 8 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Non-CEO) under the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.10.11 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, filed on April 28, 2017, File No. 001-10989. 10.9. 9 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Non-CEO) under the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.10.12 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, filed on April 28, 2017, File No. 001-10989. 10.10.1 
 Ventas, Inc. Non-Employee Directors Cash Compensation Deferral Plan (formerly the Ventas Nonemployee Directors Deferred Stock Compensation Plan Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.10.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed on February 10, 2023, File No. 001-10989. 
 10.10.2 
 Deferral Election Form under the Ventas Nonemployee Directors Deferred Stock Compensation Plan (used prior to December 2022) Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.13.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, filed on February 27, 2009, File No. 001-10989. 10.10.3 
 Deferral Election Form under the Ventas, Inc. Non-Employee Directors Cash Compensation Deferral Plan. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.10.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed on February 10, 2023, File No. 001-10989 
 10.11.1 
 Ventas, Inc. 2022 Incentive Plan Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 5, 2022, File No. 001-10989. 10.11.2 
 Ventas, Inc. Non-Employee Directors Equity Award Deferral Program Adopted Pursuant to the Ventas, Inc. 2022 Incentive Plan Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.11.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed on February 10, 2023, File No. 001-10989. 10.11.3 
 Deferral Election Form under the Ventas, Inc. Non-Employee Directors Equity Award Deferral Program Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.11.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed on February 10, 2023, File No. 001-10989. 10.11.4 
 Restricted Stock Award granted to Sumit Roy on October 1, 2022 under the Ventas, Inc. 2022 Incentive Plan Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.11.4 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed on February 10, 2023, File No. 001-10989. 10.11.5 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award under the Ventas, Inc. 2022 Incentive Plan (Non-Employee Directors) Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.11.5 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed on February 10, 2023, File No. 001-10989. 10.11.6 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Ventas, Inc. 2022 Incentive Plan (CEO) Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.11.6 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed on February 10, 2023, File No. 001-10989. 10.11.7 
 Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement under the Ventas, Inc. 2022 Incentive Plan (CEO) Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.11.7 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed on February 10, 2023, File No. 001-10989. 10.11.8 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award under the Ventas, Inc. 2022 Incentive Plan (non-CEO Executive Officer) Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.11.8 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed on February 10, 2023, File No. 001-10989. 
 138 

Exhibit Number Description of Document Location of Document 10.11.9 
 Form of Performance Share Unit Award under the Ventas, Inc. 2022 Incentive Plan (non-CEO Executive Officer) Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.11.9 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed on February 10, 2023, File No. 001-10989. 10.12 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of March 22, 2011 between Ventas, Inc. and Debra A. Cafaro. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 24, 2011, File No. 001-10989. 10.1 3 .1 
 Offer Letter dated September 16, 2014 from Ventas, Inc. to Robert F. Probst. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 29, 2014, File No. 001-10989. 10.1 3 .2 
 Employee Protection and Noncompetition Agreement dated September 16, 2014 between Ventas, Inc. and Robert F. Probst. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 29, 2014, File No. 001-10989. 10.1 3 .3 
 Amendment dated December 8, 2017 to Employee Protection and Noncompetition Agreement dated as of September 16, 2014 between Ventas, Inc. and Robert F. Probst. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.17.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, filed on February 9, 2018, File No. 001-10989. 10.1 4 .1 
 Offer of Employment Term Sheet dated March 20, 2018 from Ventas, Inc. to Peter J. Bulgarelli. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed on April 27, 2018, File No. 001-10989. 10.1 4 .2 
 Employee Protection and Noncompetition Agreement dated March 20, 2018 between Ventas, Inc. and Peter J. Bulgarelli. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed on April 27, 2018, File No. 001-10989. 10.1 5 .1 
 Offer Letter dated December 22, 2019 from Ventas, Inc. to Carey Shea Roberts. 
 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.18.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed on February 23, 2021, File No. 001-10989 
 10.1 5 .2 
 Employee Protection and Restrictive Covenants Agreement dated January 21, 2020 between Ventas, Inc. and Carey Shea Roberts. 
 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.2.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, filed on May 8, 2020, File No. 001-10989. 
 10.1 5 .3 
 Employment Bonus Agreement dated March 4, 2020 between Ventas, Inc. and Carey Shea Roberts. 
 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.2.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, filed on May 8, 2020, File No. 001-10989. 
 10.1 6 .1 
 Offer Letter dated January 30, 2020 from Ventas, Inc. to J. Justin Hutchens. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.19.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed on February 23, 2021, File No. 001-10989 
 10.1 6 .2 
 Employee Protection and Restrictive Covenants Agreement dated February 7, 2020 between Ventas, Inc. and J. Justin Hutchens. 
 Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, filed on May 8, 2020, File No. 001-10989. 
 10.1 7 
 Ventas Employee and Director Stock Purchase Plan, as amended. Incorporated by reference herein. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.18 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, filed on February 27, 2009, File No. 001-10989. 21 
 Subsidiaries of Ventas, Inc. Filed herewith. 22 
 List of Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities. Filed herewith. 23 
 Consent of KPMG LLP. Filed herewith. 
 139 

Exhibit Number Description of Document Location of Document 31.1 
 Certification of Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act. Filed herewith. 31.2 
 Certification of Robert F. Probst, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act. Filed herewith. 32.1 
 Certification of Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. 1350. Filed herewith. 32.2 
 Certification of Robert F. Probst, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. 1350. Filed herewith. 97 
 Policy relating to recovery of erroneously awarded compensation. Filed herewith 101 The following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and (vii) Schedule III and IV. 
 Filed herewith. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). Filed herewith. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 140 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: February 15, 2024 
 VENTAS, INC. By: /s/ DEBRA A. CAFARO Debra A. Cafaro Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 141 

Signature Title Date /s/ DEBRA A. CAFARO Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 15, 2024 Debra A. Cafaro /s/ ROBERT F. PROBST Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 15, 2024 Robert F. Probst /s/ GREGORY R. LIEBBE Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) February 15, 2024 Gregory R. Liebbe /s/ MELODY C. BARNES Director February 15, 2024 Melody C. Barnes /s/ MICHAEL J. EMBLER Director February 15, 2024 Michael J. Embler /s/ MATTHEW J. LUSTIG Director February 15, 2024 Matthew J. Lustig /s/ ROXANNE M. MARTINO Director February 15, 2024 Roxanne M. Martino /s/ MARGUERITE M. NADER Director February 15, 2024 Marguerite M. Nader /s/ SEAN P. NOLAN Director February 15, 2024 Sean P. Nolan /s/ WALTER C. RAKOWICH Director February 15, 2024 Walter C. Rakowich /s/ SUMIT ROY Director February 15, 2024 Sumit Roy /s/ JAMES D. SHELTON Director February 15, 2024 James D. Shelton /s/ MAURICE S. SMITH Director February 15, 2024 Maurice S. Smith 
 
 142 

<EX-4.28>
 2
 vtr-ex428_123123.htm
 EX-4.28 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANTS SECURITIES

Document 

Exhibit 4.28 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The summary set forth below describes the general terms and provisions of the common stock of Ventas, Inc. The following description is only a summary and does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of Ventas, Inc. (the Certificate of Incorporation and the Sixth Amended and Restated By-Laws, as amended, of Ventas, Inc. (the Bylaws ), each of which is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to we , us and our refer to Ventas, Inc. 
 
 General 
 
 The Certificate of Incorporation authorizes Ventas, Inc. to issue up to 600,000,000 shares of its common stock, par value 0.25 per share common stock ), and up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 1.00 per share preferred stock ). As of February 7, 2024, 402,461,579 shares of Ventas, Inc. common stock were issued and outstanding and no shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding. The common stock of Ventas, Inc. is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol VTR. 
 
 All issued and outstanding shares of common stock are duly authorized, fully paid and nonassessable. Subject to the preferential rights of any other shares of capital stock and to certain provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, holders of shares of Ventas, Inc. common stock are entitled to receive distributions if, as and when authorized and declared by Ventas, Inc. s Board of Directors (the Ventas Board out of assets legally available therefor and to share ratably in our assets legally available for distribution to stockholders in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up after payment of, or adequate provision for, all of our known debts and liabilities. We currently expect to continue to make quarterly distributions, and from time to time we may make additional distributions. 
 
 Holders of shares of Ventas, Inc. common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters on which the holders of common stock are entitled to vote. Holders of shares of Ventas, Inc. common stock have no conversion, sinking fund, redemption or preemptive rights. Subject to certain provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, shares of Ventas, Inc. common stock have equal distribution, liquidation and other rights. 
 
 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer 
 
 Ventas, Inc. s Certificate of Incorporation contains restrictions on the ownership and transfer of its common stock to enable Ventas, Inc. to preserve its status as a real estate investment trust. Ventas Inc. s Certificate of Incorporation provides certain specified remedies if a transfer would violate one of the ownership limitations. In particular, if a person acquires beneficial or constructive ownership in excess of the ownership limit (currently, 9.0 in number or value, of the outstanding shares of Ventas, Inc. common stock) or in violation of certain other limitations set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation, then the shares that are beneficially or constructively owned in excess of the relevant limitation are considered to be excess shares. Excess shares are automatically deemed transferred to a trust for the benefit of a charitable institution or other qualifying organization selected by the Ventas Board. The trust is entitled to all dividends with respect to the excess shares and the trustee may exercise all voting power over the excess shares. Ventas, Inc. has the right to buy the excess shares for a purchase price equal to the lesser of (1) the price per share in the transaction that created the excess shares, or (2) the market price on the date Ventas, Inc. buys the shares, and Ventas, Inc. may defer payment of the purchase price for up to five years. If Ventas, Inc. does not purchase the excess shares, the trustee of the trust is required to transfer the excess shares at the direction of the Ventas Board. The owner of the excess shares is entitled to receive the lesser of the proceeds from the sale of the excess shares or the original purchase price for such excess shares, and any additional amounts are payable to the beneficiary of the trust. Ventas Inc. s Certificate of Incorporation also provides that a transfer of shares of common stock that would otherwise result in ownership, under the applicable attribution rules of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 

amended (the Code ), of shares in excess of the ownership limit, would cause Ventas, Inc. s shares to be beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons, or would result in Ventas, Inc. being closely held (within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code), will be void and the purported transferee will acquire no rights in the shares. 
 
 Under Ventas, Inc. s Certificate of Incorporation, the Ventas Board may, in its sole and absolute discretion, exempt a person from the 9.0 ownership limit applicable to common stock, if such stockholder provides information and makes representations to the Ventas Board that are satisfactory to the Ventas Board, in its sole and absolute discretion, to establish that such person s ownership in excess of the ownership limit would not jeopardize Ventas, Inc. s qualification as a REIT. Any such waiver is and would be conditioned on the person s ownership not violating the other ownership limitations or otherwise creating the possibility of REIT qualification concerns for Ventas, Inc. and its subsidiaries. The Ventas Board may require an opinion of counsel or an Internal Revenue Service ruling satisfactory to the Ventas Board and may impose such other conditions or restrictions as it deems appropriate prior to granting any waiver to the 9.0 limit. 
 
 These restrictions on the ownership and transfer of our common stock could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions in the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 Some of the provisions in the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, in addition to the matters discussed above under Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or may discourage a third party from acquiring, control of us. These provisions include, among others 
 
 Provisions in the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws permitting the Ventas Board to make, amend or repeal the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Provisions in the Certificate of Incorporation permitting the Ventas Board to issue preferred stock in series and to fix the rights and preferences of the series, including, among other things, whether and to what extent the shares of any series will have voting rights and the extent of the preferences of the shares of any series with respect to dividends and other matters 
 A provision in the Bylaws granting only to the Ventas Board or the Chairman of the Ventas Board the right to call special meetings of stockholders 
 Provisions in the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws allowing the Ventas Board to fill vacancies on the Board 
 A provision in the Bylaws requiring advance notice for our stockholders to nominate candidates for election to the Ventas Board or to propose business to be considered by our stockholders at a meeting of our stockholders 
 A provision in the Certificate of Incorporation requiring that excess shares are automatically deemed transferred to a trust for the benefit of a charitable institution or other qualifying organization selected by the Ventas Board. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ). Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination or the transaction in which the stockholder became an interested stockholder is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes mergers, asset sales and other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or within the prior three years owned, between 15 and 85 of the corporation s voting stock. 

</EX-4.28>

<EX-21>
 3
 vtr-ex21_123123.htm
 EX-21 SUBSIDIARIES OF VENTAS, INC.

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF VENTAS, INC. 

Entity Name 
 Jurisdiction of Organization or Formation 

1425 Hunt Club, LLC 
 Delaware 1445 Hunt Club, LLC Delaware 14851 Yorba Street, LLC Delaware 200 Andrews, LLC South Carolina 2010 Union Limited Partnership Washington 311 South Sarah, LLC Delaware 3737 Market Investment Fund, LLC Missouri 4210 Duncan, LLC Delaware 4220 Duncan Holding, LLC Delaware 4220 Duncan, LLC Delaware 4MLK Phase I Holding, LLC Delaware 4MLK Phase I JV, LLC Delaware 4MLK Phase I Member, LLC Delaware 4MLK Phase I Owner, LLC Delaware 4MLK Phase I REIT, LLC Delaware 4MLK Phase I TRS, LLC Delaware 4MLK Phase II Holding, LLC Delaware 4MLK Phase II JV, LLC Delaware 4MLK Phase II Owner, LLC Delaware 4MLK Phase II REIT, LLC Delaware 5051 Centre Developer JV, LLC Delaware 5051 Centre Unit 1 Owner, LLC Delaware 5051 Centre Unit 2 Owner, LLC Delaware 755 Milwaukee MOB, LLC Delaware 890 Professional MOB, LLC Delaware AHS Oklahoma Health System, LLP Delaware AHS Oklahoma Holdings, Inc. Delaware AHS Oklahoma Hospitals, Inc. Delaware AL (AP) Holding LLC Delaware AL (HCN) Holding LLC Delaware AL (MT) Holding LLC Delaware AL I East Brunswick Senior Housing Propco, LLC Delaware AL I East Brunswick Senior Housing, LLC Delaware AL I Glen Ellyn Senior Housing, LLC Delaware AL I La Costa Senior Housing Propco, LP (f k a Mountview Propco, LP) Delaware AL I LA COSTA SENIOR HOUSING, LLC Delaware AL I Naperville Senior Housing Opco, LLC (f k a Grayson Valley Propco, LLC) Delaware 
 Document Number 00400774 Quarter End 12 31 2023 Last Activity 12 27 2023 

AL I Naperville Senior Housing, LLC Delaware AL I North Lynbrook Senior Housing Propco, LLC Delaware AL I North Lynbrook Senior Housing, LLC Delaware AL I Pinehurst Senior Housing Propco, LLC Delaware AL I Pinehurst Senior Housing, LLC Delaware AL I Providence Senior Housing Opco, LP (fka Rivershire Propco, LLC) Delaware AL I Providence Senior Housing, LP (fka AL I Providence Senior Housing, LLC) Delaware AL I Richmond Senior Housing Opco, LLC Delaware AL I Richmond Senior Housing, LLC Delaware AL I Stamford Senior Housing Propco, LLC Delaware AL I Stamford Senior Housing, LLC Delaware AL I Woodcliff Lake Senior Housing Propco, LLC Delaware AL I Woodcliff Lake Senior Housing, LLC Delaware AL III Investments Propco, LP (f k a Grossmont Gardens Propco, LP) Delaware AL III Investments, L.L.C. Virginia AL One Investments, LLC Delaware AL One PA Investments Opco, LLC Delaware AL One PA Investments, LLC Delaware AL Subfunding LLC Delaware Albuquerque AL RE, L.P. Delaware ALH Holdings, LLC Delaware Allison Park Nominee LLC Delaware Allison Park Nominee LP Delaware Amber Meadow Retirement Ltd. British Columbia American Retirement Villas Properties II, LP California American Retirement Villas Properties III, LP California Anchor Cogdell Covington, LLC Kentucky Anchor Cogdell Doylestown GP, LLC Pennsylvania Anchor Cogdell Doylestown, LP Pennsylvania Anchor Cogdell Florence, LLC Kentucky Anchor Cogdell, LLC Delaware AOC Bonita Opco, LP Delaware AOC CA Opco GP Partner, LLC Delaware AOC Glen Ellyn Opco, LLC (f k a Arlington Propco, LLC) Delaware AOC North Ann Arbor Opco, LLC (fka Mainland Propco, LLC) Delaware AOC Rancho Mirage Opco, LP Delaware AOC San Felipe Opco, LP Delaware ARCHCT Cambr Dallas, LLC Delaware ARCHCT Cambr UWSC, LLC Delaware ARCHCT Dasco Odessa, LLC Delaware ARCHCT Dasco Peoria, LLC Delaware ARHC ADCRYIL01, LLC Delaware 
 2 

ARHC AHKENWI01 Member, LLC Delaware ARHC AHKENWI01, LLC Delaware ARHC AMATHGA01, LLC Delaware ARHC AMHTDWI01, LLC Delaware ARHC AMNNHWI01, LLC Delaware ARHC AMOFLMO01, LLC Delaware ARHC AMOFLMO02, LLC Delaware ARHC AMTRVWI01, LLC Delaware ARHC ASSTBSC01, LLC Delaware ARHC ATASHNC01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC ATASHNC01, LLC Delaware ARHC ATATHGA01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC ATATHGA01, LLC Delaware ARHC ATATLGA01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC ATATLGA01, LLC Delaware ARHC ATDECGA01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC ATDECGA01, LLC Delaware ARHC ATKNOTN01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC ATKNOTN01, LLC Delaware ARHC ATLARFL01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC ATLARFL01, LLC Delaware ARHC BCCHIIL01, LLC Delaware ARHC BHCOVGA01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC BHCOVGA01, LLC Delaware ARHC BHDOUGA01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC BHDOUGA01, LLC Delaware ARHC BHNEWGA01 TRS LLC Delaware ARHC BHNEWGA01, LLC Delaware ARHC BHPALFL01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC BHPALFL01, LLC Delaware ARHC BHPAWMI01, LLC Delaware ARHC BHSTOGA01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC BHSTOGA01, LLC Delaware ARHC BHSUGGA01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC BHSUGGA01, LLC Delaware ARHC BLDTNTX001, LLC Delaware ARHC BMBUCAZ01, LLC Delaware ARHC BMPCYFL01, LLC Delaware ARHC BMPCYFL02, LLC Delaware ARHC BPBRMWA01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC BPBRMWA01, LLC Delaware ARHC BRBRITN01, LLC Delaware ARHC BTFMYFL01 TRS, LLC Delaware 
 3 

ARHC BTFMYFL01, LLC Delaware ARHC BTNAPFL01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC BTNAPFL01, LLC Delaware ARHC CAROCCA01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC CAROCCA01, LLC Delaware ARHC CCMKAIN01, LLC Delaware ARHC CHWLBNJ001, LLC Delaware ARHC CHWLBNJ002, LLC Delaware ARHC CKSFDPA01, LLC Delaware ARHC CKSFDPA02, LLC Delaware ARHC CKSFDPA03, LLC Delaware ARHC CLCRYIL01, LLC Delaware ARHC CSVANWA01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC CSVANWA01, LLC Delaware ARHC CTCRCNV001 LLC Delaware ARHC CTCTYNV01, LLC Delaware ARHC CVSALOR01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC CVSALOR01, LLC Delaware ARHC DDMTRAR001, LLC Delaware ARHC DDPLIIN01, LLC Delaware ARHC DDRKFIL001, LLC Delaware ARHC DMLSVNV001 LLC Delaware ARHC DRFTWIN01, LLC Delaware ARHC DRLITCO01, LLC Delaware ARHC ELEDMWA01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC ELEDMWA01, LLC Delaware ARHC EPLHAFL01, LLC Delaware ARHC ERELKMN01, LLC Delaware ARHC FCFAYGA01, LLC Delaware ARHC FDMTRLA01, LLC Delaware ARHC GBSNATX001 LLC Delaware ARHC GHANDSC01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC GHANDSC01, LLC Delaware ARHC GRFTWTX01, LLC Delaware ARHC GWWSLOH01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC GWWSLOH01, LLC Delaware ARHC HFSFDMI01, LLC Delaware ARHC HRCYCA001, LLC Delaware ARHC HRININ001, LLC Delaware ARHC HRONWI001, LLC Delaware ARHC HRWAWI001, LLC Delaware ARHC LHPLNTX01, LLC Delaware ARHC LMFKNWI01, LLC Delaware 
 4 

ARHC LMFTWIN01, LLC Delaware ARHC LMGEDWI01, LLC Delaware ARHC LPLLKFL01, LLC Delaware ARHC LPLLKFL01TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC LVHVSAZ01, LLC Delaware ARHC MHHOUTX01, LLC Delaware ARHC MHMISIN01, LLC Delaware ARHC MHWYOMI01, LLC Delaware ARHC MMMINND01, LLC Delaware ARHC MNPERIL001, LLC Delaware ARHC NCWTNNY01, LLC Delaware ARHC NFTSEFL01, LLC Delaware ARHC NSALBNY01, LLC Delaware ARHC NSMARGA01, LLC Delaware ARHC NSMARGA02, LLC Delaware ARHC NVPHXAZ01, LLC Delaware ARHC OCCOOOR01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC OCCOOOR01, LLC Delaware ARHC ORCOOOR01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC ORCOOOR01, LLC Delaware ARHC ORODSTX001, LLC Delaware ARHC PCNWNGA01, LLC Delaware ARHC PHHBGPA01, LLC Delaware ARHC PPKLAOR01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC PPKLAOR01, LLC Delaware ARHC PPMOLOR01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC PPMOLOR01, LLC Delaware ARHC PVCLAOR01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC PVCLAOR01, LLC Delaware ARHC RCAURIL01, LLC Delaware ARHC RCAURIL02, LLC Delaware ARHC RHGARNC01, LLC Delaware ARHC RHSALOR01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC RHSALOR01, LLC Delaware ARHC RMRIVGA01, LLC Delaware ARHC RRDALTX001 LLC Delaware ARHC RRHUSTX001, LLC Delaware ARHC SCTMBTX001 LLC Delaware ARHC SCTXRTX001, LLC Delaware ARHC SCWDSNJ01, LLC Delaware ARHC SFMIDVA01, LLC Delaware ARHC SHWYOMI01, LLC Delaware ARHC SMSFDMO01, LLC Delaware 
 5 

ARHC SMSTBSC01, LLC Delaware ARHC SMSVLTX01, LLC Delaware ARHC SOKTYTX01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC SOKTYTX01, LLC Delaware ARHC SPGUINY01, LLC Delaware ARHC SSBHMWA01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC SSBHMWA01, LLC Delaware ARHC SSEVTWA01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC SSEVTWA01, LLC Delaware ARHC SVSCLCA01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC SVSCLCA01, LLC Delaware ARHC SWKLDTX01, LLC Delaware ARHC TCARLTX01, LLC Delaware ARHC TRS Holdco, LLC Delaware ARHC UCFOLCA01, LLC Delaware ARHC UCFOLCA02, LLC Delaware ARHC UHPTHMN01, LLC Delaware ARHC UWMNAWI001, LLC Delaware ARHC VCWICKS01, LLC Delaware ARHC VHCTMIL01, LLC Delaware ARHC VHEFFIL01, LLC Delaware ARHC VHHERIL01, LLC Delaware ARHC VHMSLIL01, LLC Delaware ARHC VHNWTIL01, LLC Delaware ARHC VHSVLIL01, LLC Delaware ARHC VSJBREIL01, LLC Delaware ARHC VURMDVA01, LLC Delaware ARHC WCROCIL01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC WCROCIL01, LLC Delaware ARHC WEMINND01, LLC Delaware ARHC WMABQNM01 TRS, LLC Delaware ARHC WMABQNM01, LLC Delaware AS LLL Holdings, LLC Delaware AS LLL Owner, LLC Delaware AS LLL-East JV, LLC Delaware AS LLL-East TRS, LLC Delaware AS LSTE East Holdings, LLC Delaware AS LSTE East Owner, LLC Delaware AS LSTE West Holdings, LLC Delaware AS LSTE West Owner, LLC Delaware AS MUR JV, LLC Delaware AS MUR Owner, LLC Delaware AS MUR TRS, LLC Delaware 
 6 

AS P6 Holdings, LLC Delaware AS P6 Owner, LLC Delaware AS West JV, LLC Delaware AS West TRS, LLC Delaware ASL Leasehold Sub, LLC Delaware Atria Collier Park, LLC Delaware Atria Lynnbrooke (Irvine), L.P. Delaware Atria Lynnbrooke G.P., LLC Delaware Atria Meridian, LLC Delaware Atria Northgate Park, LLC Delaware Atria Shorehaven, LLC Delaware Atria Vista del Rio, LLC Delaware Atrium at Weston Place, LLC Tennessee Augusta Medical Partners, LLC Georgia Baltimore Garage Funding, LLC Maryland Baltimore Life Sciences Research Park, LLC Delaware Baltimore LSRP One, Business Trust Maryland Baltimore LSRP Two, Business Trust Maryland BCC Altoona Realty GP, LLC Delaware BCC Altoona Realty, LLC Delaware BCC Altoona Realty, LP Delaware BCC Berwick Realty GP, LLC Delaware BCC Berwick Realty, LLC Delaware BCC Berwick Realty, LP Delaware BCC Lewistown Realty GP, LLC Delaware BCC Lewistown Realty, LLC Delaware BCC Lewistown Realty, LP Delaware BCC Martinsburg Realty, LLC Delaware BCC Medina Realty, LLC Delaware BCC Mid Valley Operations, LLC Delaware BCC Ontario Realty, LLC Delaware BCC Reading Realty GP, LLC Delaware BCC Reading Realty, LLC Delaware BCC Reading Realty, LP Delaware BCC Shippensburg Realty, LLC Delaware BCC State College Realty GP, LLC Delaware BCC State College Realty, LLC Delaware BCC State College Realty, LP Delaware BCC Washington Township Realty, LLC Delaware BD Camelot Opco, LLC Delaware BD Holdco, LLC Delaware BD Lakeview Crossing Opco, LLC Delaware BD Medina South Opco, LLC Delaware 
 7 

BD Mount Vernon Opco, LLC Delaware BD Vestal Castle Gardens Opco, LLC Delaware BD Zanesville Opco, LLC Delaware Bedford AL RE, LLC Delaware BioPark Fremont, LLC Delaware BLC of California San Marcos, L.P. Delaware BLSRP Funding I, LLC Delaware BMR-3500 Paramount Parkway, LLC Delaware Bonney Lake MOB Investors, LLC Washington BP Opco, LLC Delaware BP Principal, LLC Delaware BP Propco, LLC Delaware Brandon MOB Investors, LLC Mississippi Brandon Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia BRDG Park at Danforth Center, LLC Missouri Brookdale Holdings, LLC Delaware Brookdale Living Communities of Arizona-EM, LLC Delaware Brookdale Living Communities of California, LLC Delaware Brookdale Living Communities of California-RC, LLC Delaware Brookdale Living Communities of California-San Marcos, LLC Delaware Brookdale Living Communities of Connecticut, LLC Delaware Brookdale Living Communities of Florida-CL, LLC Delaware Brookdale Living Communities of Illinois-2960, LLC Delaware Brookdale Living Communities of Illinois-HV, LLC Delaware Brookdale Living Communities of Illinois-II, LLC Delaware Brookdale Living Communities of Massachusetts-RB, LLC Delaware Brookdale Living Communities of Minnesota, LLC Delaware Brookdale Living Communities of New Jersey, LLC Delaware Brookdale Living Communities of Washington-PP, LLC Delaware Brunswick MOB, LLC Georgia BSG CS, LLC (f k a BSG Erdman, LLC) Wisconsin BSL Opco Adelaide, LLC Delaware BSL Opco Orchard Estate Sub, LLC Delaware BSL Opco Orchard Estate, LLC Delaware BSL Opco Sturges Ridge, LLC Delaware BSL Opco The Branches, LLC Delaware BSP Holding, LLC Maryland BSP Three Holding, LLC Delaware Burlington Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia Cabarrus Medical Partners, LP North Carolina Cabarrus POB, LP North Carolina Calgarian Retirement Group II Ltd. British Columbia Calgarian Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia 
 8 

Cambridge Development, L.L.C. New York Canyon Meadows Retirement Ltd. British Columbia Carroll Medical Office Associates, LLC Delaware Carroll Medical Office Holdings, LLC Delaware Carrollwood Assisted Living, LLC Delaware CCRC OPS MB1-T, LLC Delaware Chateau Brickyard Operations LLC Delaware Chateau Brickyard Owner LLC Delaware Chippewa Nominee LLC Delaware Chippewa Nominee LP Delaware Clackamas Woods Assisted Living, LLC Oregon Cogdell Cleveland Rehab, L.P. Ohio Cogdell Duluth MOB, LLC Minnesota Cogdell Health Campus MOB, LP Pennsylvania Cogdell Investors (Mallard), LP North Carolina Cogdell Investors (OSS), LP North Carolina Cogdell Lancaster Rehab, LP Pennsylvania Cogdell Spencer Advisors Management, LLC Delaware Cogdell Spencer Advisors, LLC Delaware Cogdell Spencer LP Delaware Cogdell Spencer TRS Holdings, LLC Delaware Collwood Knolls California Collwood Knolls Acquisition L.L.C. Delaware Consera BSD, LLC Delaware Consera Healthcare Real Estate, LLC South Carolina Consortium America XLVII Investment Fund, LLC Missouri Copperfield MOB, LP North Carolina CPH MOB, LLC Delaware Cranford Development, LLC Delaware CRB Federal, LLC Delaware CRB Investors, LLC Delaware Crimson Dorset Limited United Kingdom Crimson Dorset Properties Limited United Kingdom Crystal View Lodge Ltd. British Columbia CS Business Trust I Maryland CS Business Trust II Maryland CSA Medical Partners Management, LLC Delaware CSL Opco Holdco, LLC Delaware Cutter Mill, LLC Delaware CV South Street Landing LLC Rhode Island CV SSL Master Tenant LLC Rhode Island Dillsburg Nominee LLC Delaware Dillsburg Nominee LP Delaware 
 9 

Drexel University City Development, LLC Pennsylvania DV Greenville MOB LLC Delaware DV Parker II MOB LLC Delaware EA-BSB 2, L.L.C. Delaware East Houston Medical Plaza, LLC Delaware East Houston MOB, LLC Delaware East Jefferson Medical Office Building Limited Partnership Louisiana East Jefferson Medical Plaza, LLC Louisiana East Jefferson Medical Specialty Building Louisiana East Northport, LLC Delaware East Rocky Mount Kidney Center Associates, LP North Carolina EC Opco Allison Park, LLC Delaware EC Opco Altoona, LLC Delaware EC Opco Arlington, LLC Delaware EC Opco Asheboro, LP Delaware EC Opco Austin, LLC Delaware EC Opco Bartlett, LLC Delaware EC Opco Bedford, LLC Delaware EC Opco Berwick, LLC Delaware EC Opco Braeswood, LLC Delaware EC Opco Brentwood, LLC Delaware EC Opco Bristol, LLC Delaware EC Opco Byrd Springs, LLC Delaware EC Opco CA GP, LLC Delaware EC Opco CA Partner I, LLC Delaware EC Opco CA Partner II, LLC Delaware EC Opco CA Partner III, LLC Delaware EC Opco CA Partner IV, LLC Delaware EC Opco CA Partner V, LLC Delaware EC Opco CA Partner VI, LLC Delaware EC Opco Carrollwood, LLC Delaware EC Opco Chesterfield, LLC Delaware EC Opco Chippewa, LLC Delaware EC Opco Cottonwood, LLC Delaware EC Opco Cramerton, LP Delaware EC Opco Cy-Fair, LLC Delaware EC Opco Dillsburg, LLC Delaware EC Opco Downriver, LLC Delaware EC Opco Florence KY, LLC Delaware EC Opco Florence SC, LLC Delaware EC Opco Grayson Valley, LLC Delaware EC Opco Grossmont Gardens, LP Delaware EC Opco Hagerstown, LLC Delaware 
 10 

EC Opco Halcyon, LLC Delaware EC Opco Halls, LLC Delaware EC Opco Hamilton Place, LLC Delaware EC Opco Harrisburg, LP Delaware EC Opco Hendersonville NC, LP Delaware EC Opco Hendersonville, LLC Delaware EC Opco Heritage Woods, LLC Delaware EC Opco Hillsborough, LP Delaware EC Opco Holdco I Sub, Inc. Delaware EC Opco Holdco I, LLC Delaware EC Opco Holdco II, LLC Delaware EC Opco Irving, LLC Delaware EC Opco Jackson, LLC Delaware EC Opco Johnson City, LLC Delaware EC Opco Kentwood, LLC Delaware EC Opco Kingsport, LLC Delaware EC Opco La Mesa, LP Delaware EC Opco Lake Jackson, LLC Delaware EC Opco Lakemont Farms, LLC Delaware EC Opco Las Villas Del Carlsbad, LP Delaware EC Opco Las Villas Del Norte, LP Delaware EC Opco Lebanon PA, LLC Delaware EC Opco Lebanon TN, LLC Delaware EC Opco Lewisburg, LLC Delaware EC Opco Lima, LLC Delaware EC Opco Little Avenue, LP Delaware EC Opco Lorain, LLC Delaware EC Opco Loyalsock, LLC Delaware EC Opco Mainland, LLC Delaware EC Opco Martinez, LLC Delaware EC Opco Martinsburg, LLC Delaware EC Opco Maumelle, LLC Delaware EC Opco Medina, LLC Delaware EC Opco Mid Valley, LLC Delaware EC Opco Mount Washington, LLC Delaware EC Opco Mountain Home, LLC Delaware EC Opco Mountview, LP Delaware EC Opco Muncie, LLC Delaware EC Opco Murfreesboro, LLC Delaware EC Opco NC Partner I, LLC Delaware EC Opco NC Partner II, LLC Delaware EC Opco NC Partner III, LLC Delaware EC Opco NC Partner IV, LLC Delaware 
 11 

EC Opco NC Partner IX, LLC Delaware EC Opco NC Partner V, LLC Delaware EC Opco NC Partner VI, LLC Delaware EC Opco NC Partner VII, LLC Delaware EC Opco NC Partner VIII, LLC Delaware EC Opco NC Partner X, LLC Delaware EC Opco NC Partner XI, LLC Delaware EC Opco NC Partner XII, LLC Delaware EC Opco Newton, LP Delaware EC Opco Northridge, LP Delaware EC Opco Ontario, LLC Delaware EC Opco Pensacola, LLC Delaware EC Opco Point Loma, LP Delaware EC Opco Quintessence, LLC Delaware EC Opco Rancho Vista, LP Delaware EC Opco Reading, LLC Delaware EC Opco Reedsville, LLC Delaware EC Opco River Centre, LLC Delaware EC Opco Rivershire, LLC Delaware EC Opco Roswell, LLC Delaware EC Opco Sagamore Hills, LLC Delaware EC Opco Salisbury, LP Delaware EC Opco Saxonburg, LLC Delaware EC Opco SC, LLC Delaware EC Opco Shallowford, LLC Delaware EC Opco Shelby, LP Delaware EC Opco Sherwood, LLC Delaware EC Opco Shippensburg, LLC Delaware EC Opco Southern Pines, LP Delaware EC Opco Southport, LP Delaware EC Opco Tallahassee Memory, LLC Delaware EC Opco Tallahassee, LLC Delaware EC Opco Teays Valley, LLC Delaware EC Opco Tempe, LLC Delaware EC Opco Timberlin Parc, LLC Delaware EC Opco Victoria, LLC Delaware EC Opco Washington Township, LLC Delaware EC Opco West Knoxville, LLC Delaware EC Opco Wharton, LLC Delaware EC Opco Windcrest, LLC Delaware EC Opco Xenia, LLC Delaware EC Opco York, LLC Delaware ECS Holdco, LLC Delaware 
 12 

Edmonton Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia Eglise Properties Limited United Kingdom Elder Healthcare Developers, LLC Georgia ElderTrust Maryland ESL Holdings, LLC Delaware ET Belvedere Finance, L.L.C. Delaware ET Berkshire, LLC Delaware ET Capital, LLC (f k a ET Capital Corp.) Delaware ET DCMH Finance, L.L.C. Delaware ET GENPAR, L.L.C Delaware ET Lehigh, LLC Delaware ET Pennsburg Finance, L.L.C. Delaware ET POBI Finance, L.L.C. Delaware ET Sanatoga, LLC Delaware ET Sub-Belvedere Limited Partnership, L.L.P. Virginia ET Sub-Berkshire Limited Partnership Delaware ET Sub-DCMH Limited Partnership, L.L.P Virginia ET Sub-Heritage Woods, L.L.C. Delaware ET Sub-Highgate, L.P. Pennsylvania ET Sub-Lehigh Limited Partnership Delaware ET Sub-Lopatcong, L.L.C. Delaware ET Sub-Pennsburg Manor Limited Partnership, L.L.P. Virginia ET Sub-POB I Limited Partnership, L.L.P. Virginia ET Sub-Sanatoga Limited Partnership Delaware ET Sub-Wayne I Limited Partnership, L.L.P. Virginia ET Wayne Finance, L.L.C. Delaware FAB Pivot, LLC (f k a VTR Bondco Holdco, LLC) Delaware Facility at Tanasbourne JV1, LLC Delaware Facility at Tanasbourne JV2, LLC Delaware Fair Oak Assisted Living L.L.C. Delaware Fair Oak Assisted Living Propco L.P. Delaware FH Holding, LLC Delaware FH Owner, LLC Delaware Florence Realty, LLC Delaware Fonds Immobilier Groupe Maurice, S.E.C. Quebec Franciscan Development Company, LLC North Carolina Fredericton Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia G&E HC REIT II Alice MOB, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II ATHENS LTACH, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Austell MOB, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Bastian SNF, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Buckhead SNF, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II CAPE GIRARDEAU LTACH, LLC Delaware 
 13 

G&E HC REIT II CARE PAVILION SNF, L.P. Delaware G&E HC REIT II Carlsbad MOB, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II CHELTENHAM YORK SNF, L.P. Delaware G&E HC REIT II Chula Vista MOB, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II CLIVEDEN SNF, L.P. Delaware G&E HC REIT II COLUMBIA LTACH, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Covington SNF, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Ennis MOB, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Fincastle SNF, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Gainesville SNF, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Hardy Oak MOB, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Highlands Ranch Medical Pavilion, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Hobbs MOB, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Hope MOB, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Hot Springs SNF, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II JOPLIN LTACH, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Lacombe MOB, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Lafayette Rehabilitation Hospital, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Lake Charles MOB, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Lakewood MOB I, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Lebanon SNF, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Livingston MOB, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Low Moor SNF, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Lufkin MOB, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Maplewood Manor SNF, L.P. Delaware G&E HC REIT II Maxfield Sarasota MOB, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Memphis SNF, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Midlothian SNF, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Millington SNF, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Mobile SNF, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Muskogee LTACH, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Okatie MOB, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Parkway Medical Center, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Philadelphia SNF Portfolio SPE General Partner, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Pocatello MOB, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Rockdale SNF, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Shreveport SNF, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Snellville SNF, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II St. Anthony North Denver MOB, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II St. Vincent Cleveland MOB, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Surgical Hospital of Humble, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Tucker House SNF, L.P. Delaware 
 14 

G&E HC REIT II Victoria MOB, LLC Delaware G&E HC REIT II Westminster SNF, LLC Delaware G&E Healthcare REIT II Sartell MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II 610 East Southport Indy MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II 8205 56th Indy MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II 8325 East Southport Indy MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II AVON MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Bartlett TN MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Bellaire Hospital, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Bend OR Pilot Butte SNF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Bend OR Wilson Ave ALF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Bend OR Wilson Ave SNF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Bessemer MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Bloomington MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II CARMEL PENN MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Carmel Physicians MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Champaign MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Columbia MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Corvallis OR ALF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Dalton ALF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Dalton SNF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Des Plaines Surgical Center, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II DeSoto MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Durham ALF TRS Sub, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Durham ALF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Eagles Landing GA MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Effingham ALF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Escanaba MI MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Evansville IN MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Evergreen CCRC, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II EVERGREEN TRS Sub, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Fayetteville ALF TRS Sub, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Fayetteville ALF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II FISHERS MEDICAL ARTS MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Fuquay-Varina ALF TRS Sub, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Fuquay-Varina ALF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Grants Pass OR 6th Street SNF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Grants Pass OR Fairview SNF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II GREELEY NORTHERN COLORADO MOB PORTFOLIO, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Greenfield MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Greenville ALF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Hazel Dell MOB, LLC Delaware 
 15 

GA HC REIT II Hilo MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Hinsdale MOB I, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Hinsdale MOB II, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Hope MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Humble TX MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Huntsville MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Hyde Park SNF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Indian Trail ALF TRS Sub, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Indian Trail ALF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Indiana Heart MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Indiana Orthopedics MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Jasper MOB I & II, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Jasper MOB III, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Kennestone Marietta MOB Portfolio, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Keystone Medical Center MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Killeen MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Knightdale ALF TRS Sub, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Knightdale ALF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II LACOMBE MOB II, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Lafayette MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Las Vegas Alta Vista MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Lemont MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Liberty CCRC, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Liberty TRS SUB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Lincolnton ALF TRS Sub, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Lincolnton ALF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Lincolnwood CCRC, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Lincolnwood TRS SUB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Mahomet ALF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Milton SNF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Mt. Zion ALF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Naperville MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II New Port Richey MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II NOBLESVILLE MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II North Meridian MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Olympia WA SNF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II PENN ST. INDIANAPOLIS MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Pittsfield MA SNF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Post Road Indy MOB I, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Post Road Indy MOB II, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Prairie Lakes MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Prineville OR ALF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Prineville OR SNF, LLC Delaware 
 16 

GA HC REIT II Redmond OR ALF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Redmond OR SNF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II River Oaks Houston MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Rowlett MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Royersford SNF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Salem OR ALF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II SALT LAKE LTACH, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II San Angelo MOB I, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II San Angelo MOB II, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Schertz MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Seasons CCRC, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Seasons TRS SUB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Shelbyville MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II St. Anthony North Denver MOB II, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II St. John IN MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Staunton ALF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Tacoma WA SNF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Temple MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Texarkana MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Township Line Indy MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Valparaiso Munster IN MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Villa Rosa San Antonio MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Warsaw MOB, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Watsontown SNF, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Wellspring CCRC, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II Wellspring TRS Sub, LLC Delaware GA HC REIT II West Oaks MOB, LLC Delaware GAHCR II Dalton ALF TRS Sub, LLC Delaware GAHCR II Effingham ALF TRS Sub, LLC Delaware GAHCR II Greenville ALF TRS Sub, LLC Delaware GAHCR II Mahomet ALF TRS Sub, LLC Delaware GAHCR II Mt. Zion ALF TRS Sub, LLC Delaware GAHCR II Staunton ALF TRS Sub, LLC Delaware Gaston MOB, LP North Carolina Good Sam MOB Investors, LLC Washington Great Neck, LLC Delaware Greenville MOB Owners LLC Delaware Gurnee Centre Club, LLC Delaware Gurnee Imaging Center, LLC Delaware Hamilton Place Realty Propco, LLC (f k a EC Hamilton Place Realty, LLC) Delaware Hamilton Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia Hanover MOB, LLC Virginia 
 17 

Harper Court Phase II JV, LLC Delaware Harper Court Phase II Owner, LLC Delaware Harrisburg Medical Clinic, LP North Carolina Health Park MOB, LLC Tennessee Hendersonville Realty, LLC Delaware Henrico MOB, LLC Delaware Heritage CIC Investment Fund, LLC Missouri Hershey Research One, LLC Delaware Hershey Research Two, LLC Delaware Hillhaven Properties, LLC (formerly Hillhaven Properties, LTD, an Oregon LTD) Delaware HMOB Associates, L.P. South Carolina HOL Opco Holdco I, LLC Delaware HPSMLD Limited Liability Company Wisconsin HPSMLD Opco, LLC Delaware HRA Opco Holdco, LLC Delaware HRG Canada Cambridge (2023) GP Inc. Ontario HRG Canada Cambridge (2023) LP Ontario HRG Canada Cambridge GP Ltd. British Columbia HRG Canada Cambridge Ltd. Ontario HRG Canada Cobourg GP Ltd. British Columbia HRG Canada Cobourg LP Ontario HRG Canada Guelph GP Ltd. British Columbia HRG Canada Guelph LP Ontario HRG Canada Holdings Ltd. Ontario HRG Canada Kanata GP Ltd. British Columbia HRG Canada Kanata LP Ontario HRG Canada Regina (2023) GP Inc. Ontario HRG Canada Regina (2023) LP Ontario HRG Canada Regina GP Ltd. British Columbia HRG Canada TRS LP Ontario HRG Canada TRS, GP Ltd. British Columbia HRG Canada Woodstock GP Ltd. British Columbia HRG Canada Woodstock LP Ontario HRI Coral Springs, LLC Delaware HRI Tamarac, LLC Delaware HVMLD Limited Liability Company Wisconsin HVMLD Opco, LLC Delaware Indianapolis MOB, LLC Indiana IPC (AP) Holding LLC Delaware IPC (HCN) Holding LLC Delaware IPC (MT) Holding LLC Delaware IPFVA GP, LLC Delaware 
 18 

Jackson Realty Propco, LLC (f k a EC Jackson Realty, LLC) Delaware JEA Opco Holdco, LLC Delaware Jensen Construction Management, Inc. California JER NHP Management Texas, LLC Texas JER NHP Senior Housing, LLC Delaware JER NHP Senior Living Acquisition, LLC Delaware JER NHP Senior Living Kansas, Inc. Kansas JER NHP Senior Living Kansas, LLC Delaware JER NHP Senior Living Texas, L.P. Texas JJS Properties, Inc. Delaware JSL Copper Canyon, LLC Delaware JSL Rock Creek, LLC Delaware Karrington of Park Ridge L.L.C. Ohio Karrington of Park Ridge Opco L.L.C. (f k a Bartlett Propco, LLC) Delaware Kentwood AL RE Limited Partnership Delaware Kew Gardens Senior Development, LLC New York Kingsport Nominee I LLC (f k a Kingsport Nominee LP) Delaware Kingsport Nominee LLC Delaware Kingston Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia Knoxville Nominee I LLC (f k a Knoxville Nominee LP) Delaware Knoxville Nominee LLC Delaware Knoxville Realty Propco, LLC (f k a EC Knoxville Realty, LLC) Delaware KS01 Series B Owner, LLC Delaware KS02 Series B Owner, LLC Delaware Lakeside POB 1, LLC Delaware Lakeside POB 2, LLC Delaware Larkfield Gardens Associates, L.P. New York LBS Limited Partnership Wisconsin LBS Opco, LLC Delaware LCBSL Opco Holdco, LLC (f k a VTR River Oaks Holdco, LLC) 
 Delaware Lebanon Nominee LLC Delaware Lebanon Nominee LP Delaware Lebanon Realty Propco, LLC (fka EC Lebanon Realty, LLC) Delaware Lethbridge Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia Lewisburg Nominee LLC Delaware Lewisburg Nominee LP Delaware LGD Midwest City Opco, LLC Delaware LGD Mustang Opco, LLC Delaware LGD Norman Opco, LLC Delaware LGD Norman Reminisce Opco, LLC Delaware LGD Opco Holdco, LLC Delaware LHP B LP Partner, LLC Delaware LHP B Trust Maryland 
 19 

LHP B Trust, LLC Delaware LHP B Trust, LP Delaware LHPT Appleton AHI, LLC Delaware LHPT Appleton MO South, LLC Delaware LHPT Appleton MO West, LLC Delaware LHPT Ascension Round Rock GP, LLC Delaware LHPT Ascension Round Rock LP Delaware LHPT Birmingham THE, LLC Delaware LHPT Birmingham, LLC Delaware LHPT Columbus II THE, LLC Delaware LHPT Columbus THE, LLC Delaware LHPT Columbus, LLC Delaware LHPT DC GP, LLC Delaware LHPT DC THE, L.P. Delaware LHPT Decatur II, LLC Delaware LHPT Decatur, LLC Delaware LHPT Holdings II, LLC Delaware LHPT LilliCal, LLC Delaware LHPT LP Partners, LLC Delaware LHPT TCMC Aylward, LLC Delaware LHPT TCMC Pavilion, LLC Delaware LHRET 191, LLC Delaware LHRET Anderson, LLC Delaware LHRET Ascension Austin II, LP Delaware LHRET Ascension Austin Partner GP, LLC Delaware LHRET Ascension Austin Partner II GP, LLC Delaware LHRET Ascension Austin, L.P. Delaware LHRET Ascension KC, LLC Delaware LHRET Ascension Michigan, LLC Delaware LHRET Ascension SJ, LLC Delaware LHRET Ascension SV, LLC Delaware LHRET Ascension SW Michigan, LLC Delaware LHRET Ascension, LLC Delaware LHRET Hershey II, LLC Delaware LHRET Hershey, L.P. Delaware LHRET Hershey, LLC Delaware LHRET Lafayette, LLC Delaware LHRET LHT, LLC Delaware LHRET Michigan Land, LLC Delaware LHRET Michigan THE, LLC Delaware LHRET Michigan, LLC Delaware LHRET Partner, LLC Delaware LHRET Reading I, LLC Delaware 
 20 

LHRET Reading II, LLC Delaware LHRET Reading, L.P. Delaware LHRET Reading, LLC Delaware LHRET St. Louis THE, LLC Delaware LHRET St. Louis, LLC Delaware LHRET Wheat Ridge, LLC Delaware LHT Beech Grove LLC Delaware LHT Knoxville II, LLC Delaware LHT Knoxville Properties, LLC Delaware LHT North Atlanta, LLC Delaware LHT Phoenix, LLC Delaware Libertyville Centre Club, LLC Delaware Lillibridge Healthcare Properties Trust Maryland Lillibridge Healthcare Properties Trust, L.P. Delaware Lillibridge Healthcare Properties Trust, LLC Delaware Lillibridge Healthcare Real Estate Trust Maryland Lillibridge Healthcare Real Estate Trust, L.P. Delaware Lillibridge Healthcare Services II, Inc. (f k a Cogdell Spencer Erdman Management Company) North Carolina Lillibridge Healthcare Services, Inc. Illinois LilliCal, LLC Delaware Lima Nominee LLC Delaware Lima Nominee LP Delaware LO Limited Partnership Wisconsin LO Opco, LLC Delaware Loyalsock Nominee LLC Delaware Loyalsock Nominee LP Delaware LS 3675 Market Street JV, LLC Delaware LS 4210 Duncan JV, LLC Delaware LS 5051 Centre JV, LLC Delaware LS 5051 Centre P1 HTC, LLC Delaware LS 5051 Centre P2 REIT, LLC Delaware LS 5051 Centre Unit 2 JV, LLC Delaware LS 5051 Centre Unit 2 UT, LLC Delaware LS 5051 Centre UT, LLC Delaware LS AS LLL-East Member, LLC Delaware LS AS LLL-East REIT, LLC Delaware LS AS MUR Member, LLC Delaware LS AS MUR REIT, LLC Delaware LS AS West Member, LLC Delaware LS AS West REIT, LLC Delaware LS BioTech Eight, LLC Delaware LS Davol Square, LLC Delaware 
 21 

LS Developer, LLC (f k a Wexford-CV SSL Developer, LLC) Delaware LS One Ship, LLC (f k a Wexford One Ship, LLC) Delaware LS Pearl R1 JV, LLC Delaware LS River House II, LLC f k a Wexford-CV River House Joint Venture, LLC) Delaware LS River House III, LLC (f k a CV River House LLC) Rhode Island LS River House, LLC Delaware LS SSL Garage II, LLC (f k a Wexford-CV SSL Garage Joint Venture, LLC) Delaware LS SSL Garage, LLC (f k a CV SSL Garage LLC) Rhode Island LS uCity Academic Holdings, LLC Delaware LS uCity Academic REIT, LLC Delaware LS uCity Academic UT, LLC Delaware LS W27 JV, LLC Delaware LTMLD Limited Liability Company Wisconsin LTMLD Opco, LLC Delaware Lynbrook Holding, LLC Delaware MAB Parent LLC Delaware Madison MOB Investors, LLC Mississippi Marland Place Associates Limited Partnership Massachusetts Martinez Realty Propco, LLC (fka EC Martinez Realty, LLC) Delaware Mary Black Westside Medical Park I Limited Partnership South Carolina McShane NHP JV, LLC Delaware MDN Opco Holdco, LLC Delaware Medical Arts Courtyard, LLC Delaware Medical Investors I, LP North Carolina Medical Investors III, LP South Carolina Medical Park Three Limited Partnership South Carolina Minot Avenue Realty, LLC Maine Missoula Senior Housing Facility, LLC Oregon MLD Banning Investment, LLC California MLD Delaware Trust Delaware MLD Financial Capital Corporation Delaware MLD MOB Indiana, LLC Delaware MLD Properties II, Inc. Delaware MLD Properties Limited Partnership Delaware MLD Properties, Inc. Delaware MLD Texas Corporation Texas MLD Wisconsin ALF, Inc. Delaware MLD Wisconsin SNF, Inc. Delaware MLS Opco Holdco, LLC Delaware Montreal Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia MS Barrington SH, LLC Delaware MS Bon Air SH, LLC Delaware 
 22 

MS Carmichael SH, LLC Delaware MS Cascade SH, LLC Delaware MS Chandler SH, LLC Delaware MS Cinco Ranch SH, LLC Delaware MS Fort Worth SH, LLC Delaware MS Frisco SH, LLC Delaware MS Holladay SH, LLC Delaware MS Jackson SH, LLC Delaware MS Jacksonville SH, LLC Delaware MS Leawood SH, LLC Delaware MS Lower Makefield SH, LLC Delaware MS Old Meridian SH, LLC Delaware MS Overland Park SH, LLC Delaware MS River Road SH, LLC Delaware Mulberry Estates Ltd. British Columbia Muncie Realty Propco, LLC (fka EC Muncie Realty, LLC Delaware Mustang Holdings, LLC (f k a Ventas Mustang Holdings, LLC, f k a Ventas Casper Holdings, LLC) Delaware Nationwide ALF, Inc. Delaware Nationwide ALF-Pensacola, LLC Delaware Nationwide Health Properties, LLC Delaware New Portland Road Realty, LLC Maine New Senior Investment Group Inc. Delaware NH Texas Properties Limited Partnership Texas NHP Bedford G.P., LLC Texas NHP Brownstown, LLC Delaware NHP Canterbury Gardens, LLC Delaware NHP Canterbury, LLC Delaware NHP Carillon, LLC Delaware NHP Cascade Inn, LLC Delaware NHP Centereach, LLC Delaware NHP GP LLC Delaware NHP HS Holding, LLC Delaware NHP Huntsville MOB LLC Delaware NHP Madison, LLC New York NHP Master RE G.P., LLC Delaware NHP McClain, LLC Delaware NHP Operating Partnership L.P. Delaware NHP SB 399-401 East Highland, LLC Delaware NHP Secured Del Rey GP, LLC Delaware NHP Secured Del Rey, LP Delaware NHP Secured, Inc. California NHP Senior Investments, LLC Delaware 
 23 

NHP SH Alabama, LLC Delaware NHP SH Florida, LLC Delaware NHP SH Georgia, LLC Delaware NHP SH Mississippi, LLC Delaware NHP SH Tennessee, LLC Delaware NHP Sterling, LLC Delaware NHP Tucson Health Care Associates Limited Partnership Delaware NHP Veritas FL, LLC Delaware NHP Villas, Inc. California NHP Washington ALF, LLC Delaware NHP Wisconsin Development LLC Wisconsin NHP Wood Ridge LLC Delaware NHP Broe II, LLC Delaware NHP Broe, LLC Delaware NHP McShane SAMC, LLC Delaware NHP Nexcore Irmo, LLC Delaware NHP PMB Burbank Medical Plaza I, LLC Delaware NHP PMB Burbank Medical Plaza II, LLC Delaware NHP PMB Chula Vista, LLC Delaware NHP PMB Del E. Webb Medical Plaza, LLC Delaware NHP PMB Eden Medical Plaza, LLC Delaware NHP PMB Gilbert LLC Delaware NHP PMB Glendale MOB, LLC Delaware NHP PMB GP LLC Delaware NHP PMB Grossmont GP, LLC Delaware NHP PMB Grossmont, LP Delaware NHP PMB Kenneth E. Watts Medical Plaza, LLC Delaware NHP PMB L.P. Delaware NHP PMB Los Alamitos MOB GP, LLC Delaware NHP PMB Los Alamitos MOB, LP Delaware NHP PMB Mission Viejo, LLC Delaware NHP PMB Orange, LLC Delaware NHP PMB Pasadena LLC Delaware NHP PMB Pomerado, LLC Delaware NHP PMB Pomona, LLC Delaware NHP PMB San Gabriel Valley Medical Plaza, LLC Delaware NHP PMB Santa Clarita Valley Medical Plaza, LLC Delaware NHP PMB St. Francis Lynwood Medical Plaza, LLC Delaware NHP PMB Tuality 7th Avenue Medical Plaza, LLC Delaware NHP PMB Washoe MOB, LLC Delaware NHP PMBRES LLC Delaware NHPCO Wisconsin Lender, LLC Delaware NHPCO Wisconsin, LLC Delaware 
 24 

NHP-Cobb Physicians Center, LLC Delaware NHP-Parkway Physicians Center, LLC Delaware Niagara Falls Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia NIC 12 Arlington Plaza Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Arlington Plaza Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Blair House Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Blair House Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Blue Water Lodge Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Blue Water Lodge Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Briarcrest Estates Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Briarcrest Estates Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Chateau Ridgeland Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Chateau Ridgeland Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Cherry Laurel Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Cherry Laurel Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Colonial Harbor Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Colonial Harbor Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Country Squire Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Country Squire Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Courtyard at Lakewood Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Courtyard at Lakewood Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Desoto Beach Club Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Desoto Beach Club Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 El Dorado Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 El Dorado Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Essex House Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Essex House Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Fleming Point Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Fleming Point Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Grasslands Estates Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Grasslands Estates Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Greeley Place Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Greeley Place Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Grizzly Peak Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Grizzly Peak Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Jackson Oaks Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Jackson Oaks Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Maple Downs Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Maple Downs Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Parkwood Estates Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Parkwood Estates Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Pioneer Valley Lodge Management LLC Delaware 
 25 

NIC 12 Pioneer Valley Lodge Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Regency Residence Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Regency Residence Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Simi Hills Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Simi Hills Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Stoneybrook Lodge Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Stoneybrook Lodge Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Summerfield Estates Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Summerfield Estates Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 Ventura Place Management LLC Delaware NIC 12 Ventura Place Owner LLC Delaware NIC 12 13 Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Dogwood Estates Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Dogwood Estates Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Durham Regent Inc. Delaware NIC 13 Durham Regent Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Durham Regent Owner GP LLC Delaware NIC 13 Durham Regent Owner LP Delaware NIC 13 Fountains at Hidden Lakes Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Fountains at Hidden Lakes Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Hidden Lakes Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Hidden Lakes Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Illahee Hills Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Illahee Hills Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Jordan Oaks Inc. Delaware NIC 13 Jordan Oaks Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Jordan Oaks Owner GP LLC Delaware NIC 13 Jordan Oaks Owner LP Delaware NIC 13 Lodge at Cold Spring Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Lodge at Cold Spring Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Madison Estates Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Madison Estates Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Manor at Oakridge Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Manor at Oakridge Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Oakwood Hills Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Oakwood Hills Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Orchid Terrace Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Orchid Terrace Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Palmer Hills Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Palmer Hills Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Pinewood Hills Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Pinewood Hills Owner LLC Delaware 
 26 

NIC 13 Pueblo Regent Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Pueblo Regent Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Rock Creek Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Rock Creek Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Sheldon Oaks Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Sheldon Oaks Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Sky Peaks Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Sky Peaks Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 The Bentley Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 The Bentley Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 The Regent Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 The Regent Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 The Westmont Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 The Westmont Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Thornton Place Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Thornton Place Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Uffelman Estates Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Uffelman Estates Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Village Gate Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Village Gate Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Vista De La Montana Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Vista De La Montana Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Walnut Woods Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Walnut Woods Owner LLC Delaware NIC 13 Whiterock Court Management LLC Delaware NIC 13 Whiterock Court Owner LLC Delaware NIC 17 Leasing LLC Delaware NIC 17 Owner LLC Delaware NIC 17 Windsor Leasing LLC Delaware NIC 17 Windsor Owner LLC Delaware NIC 4 Florida Leasing LLC Delaware NIC 4 Florida Owner LLC Delaware NIC 4 Owner LLC Delaware NIC 4 Summerfield Leasing LLC Delaware NIC 4 Summerfield Owner LLC Delaware NIC 4 Sunset Lake Leasing LLC Delaware NIC 4 Sunset Lake Owner LLC Delaware NIC 4 5 Leasing LLC Delaware NIC 6 Management LLC Delaware NIC 6 Manor at Woodside Management LLC Delaware NIC 6 Manor at Woodside Owner LLC Delaware NIC 6 New York Management LLC Delaware NIC 6 New York Owner LLC Delaware 
 27 

NIC 6 Owner LLC Delaware NIC 9 Heritage Oaks Management LLC Delaware NIC 9 Heritage Oaks Owner LLC Delaware NIC 9 Virginia Management LLC Delaware NIC 9 Virginia Owner LLC Delaware NIC Acquisitions LLC Delaware NV Briargate MOB LLC Delaware NV Broadway MOB LLC Delaware NV Gateway MOB LP Delaware NV GVR MOB LLC Delaware NV HFH MOB LLC Delaware NV Knightdale MOB LLC Delaware NV NB MOB LP Delaware NV NBHQ LP Delaware NV Potomac MOB LLC Delaware NV Printers Park MOB LLC Delaware NV Solano MOB LP Delaware NV Vaca Valley MOB LP Delaware OHT Limited Partnership Wisconsin OHT Opco, LLC Delaware Opco CA Partner I, LLC Delaware Opco CA Partner II, LLC Delaware Opco CA Partner III, LLC Delaware Opco CA Partner IV, LLC Delaware Opco CA Partner V, LLC Delaware Opco CA Partner VI, LLC Delaware Opco GA Partner, LLC (fka Propco NM Partner I, LLC) Delaware Opco NC Partner I, LLC (fka Propco AZ Partner I, LLC) Delaware Opco NC Partner II, LLC (fka Propco AZ Partner II, LLC) Delaware Opco PA Partner, LLC Delaware Opco VA Partner, LLC Delaware Orangeburg Medical Office Building South Carolina Orbital Communities Limited United Kingdom Ottawa Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia Parker II MOB Owners LLC Delaware PDP Castro Valley #2 LLC Delaware PDP Gilbert 2 LLC Delaware PDP LMP LLC Delaware PDP Mission Hills 1 LLC Delaware PDP San Francisco MOB LLC Delaware PDP Sutter Roseville LLC Delaware Pearl R1 GP, LLC Delaware Pearl R1 Owner, LLLP Delaware 
 28 

Peerless MOB, LLC Tennessee Peterborough Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia Phase 1 Ventures LLC Delaware Phoenix BioMedical Campus Phase I Finance, LLC Delaware Phoenix BioMedical Campus Phase I Holding, LLC Delaware Phoenix BioMedical Campus Phase I JV, LLC Delaware Phoenix BioMedical Campus Phase I Owner, LLC Delaware Phoenix BioMedical Campus Phase I REIT Sub, LLC Delaware Phoenix BioMedical Campus Phase I REIT, LLC Delaware PKR Associates LLC Pennsylvania PMB Real Estate Services LLC Delaware PMB Vancouver 601 Physicians Pavilion LLC Delaware PMB Vancouver 602 Admin LLC Delaware PMB Vancouver 603 MedCtr Physicians LLC Delaware PMB Vancouver 604 Memorial MOB LLC Delaware PMB Vancouver 605 Salmon Creek LLC Delaware PMB Vancouver 606 Fisher's Landing LLC Delaware PMB NHP Vancouver Partners LLC Delaware PMOB, LLC South Carolina Primrose Chateau Retirement Ltd. British Columbia Prince George Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia Prometheus Fund Alternative Partnership L.P. Delaware Prometheus Fund Coinvestment Partnership I LP Delaware Prometheus Fund II Alternative Partnership L.P. Delaware Prometheus Fund Senior Housing Partners LP Delaware Prometheus Fund Strategic Realty Investors II L.P. Delaware Prometheus Funds GP, LLC Delaware Prometheus Leasehold Parent, LLC Delaware Prometheus Senior Quarters LLC Delaware Propco 12 LLC Delaware Propco 13 LLC Delaware Propco 17 LLC Delaware Propco 2 LLC Delaware Propco 21 LLC Delaware Propco 22 LLC Delaware Propco 24 LLC Delaware Propco 27 LLC Delaware Propco 4 LLC Delaware Propco 6 LLC Delaware Propco 9 LLC Delaware Propco CA Partner I, LLC Delaware Propco CA Partner II, LLC Delaware Propco CA Partner III, LLC Delaware 
 29 

Propco CA Partner IV, LLC Delaware Propco CA Partner V, LLC Delaware Propco CA Partner VI, LLC Delaware Propco CA Partner VII, LLC Delaware Propco GA Partner, LLC (fka AL Subfunding II, LLC) Delaware Propco Holdco, LLC Delaware Propco NC Partner I, LLC Delaware Propco NC Partner II, LLC Delaware Propco PA Partner, LLC Delaware Propco VA Partner, LLC (fka Propco NC Partner III, LLC) Delaware Providence Innovation District Phase I Holding, LLC Delaware Providence Innovation District Phase I Owner, LLC Delaware Providence Innovation District Phase I, LLC Delaware Providence Innovation District Phase II Owner, LLC Delaware PSLT GP, LLC Delaware PSLT OP, L.P. Delaware PSLT-ALS Properties Holdings, LLC Delaware PSLT-ALS Properties I, LLC Delaware PSLT-ALS Properties II, LLC Delaware PSLT-ALS Properties III, LLC Delaware PSLT-ALS Properties IV, LLC Delaware PSLT-BLC Properties Holdings, LLC Delaware R&I Procurement Holdings IV, LLC Delaware RDGL Opco Holdco, LLC Delaware Red Deer Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia Regina Assisted Group Ltd. British Columbia Regina Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia R sidence Ambiance IDS Inc. Quebec R sidence Bor a Inc. Quebec R sidence Cal o Inc. Quebec R sidence Cornelius Inc. Quebec R sidence du March Inc. Quebec R sidence kla Inc. Quebec R sidence logia Inc. Quebec R sidence Flor a Inc. Quebec R sidence IVVI Inc. Quebec R sidence l Image d Outremont Inc. Quebec R sidence l Initial Inc. Quebec R sidence la Cit des Tours Inc. Quebec R sidence la Crois e de l Est Inc. Quebec R sidence Le 22 Inc. Quebec R sidence le F lix Vaudreuil Dorion Inc. Quebec R sidence le Gibraltar Inc. Quebec 
 30 

R sidence le Notre Dame (Repentigny) Inc. Quebec R sidence le Quartier Mont Saint Hilaire Inc. Quebec R sidence le Savignon Inc. Quebec R sidence le V Inc. Quebec R sidence Les Jardins du Campanile Inc. Quebec R sidence Les Jardins Millen Inc. Quebec R sidence Les Verri res du Golf Inc. Quebec R sidence Lilo Inc. Quebec R sidence Liz Inc. Quebec R sidence Margo Inc. Quebec R sidence Ora Inc. Quebec R sidence PDP Inc. Quebec R sidence Quartier Sud Inc. Quebec R sidence Sev Inc. Quebec R sidence Station Est Inc. Quebec R sidence Vast Inc. Quebec R sidence Vent de l Ouest Inc. Quebec Retirement Inns II, LLC Delaware Retirement Inns III, LLC Delaware RISE Insurance Company, LLC Kentucky River Hills Medical Associates, LLC South Carolina River Oaks Partners Illinois Riverdale Development, LLC New York RLG Leasing LLC Delaware RLG Owner LLC Delaware RLG Utah Leasing LLC Delaware RLG Utah Owner LLC Delaware Rocky Mount Kidney Center Associates North Carolina Rocky Mount Medical Park Limited Partnership North Carolina Roper MOB, LLC South Carolina Roswell Realty Propco, LLC (fka EC Roswell Realty, LLC) Delaware Round Lake ACC, LLC Delaware Sagamore Hills Nominee LLC Delaware Sagamore Hills Nominee LP Delaware Saint John Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia Saxonburg Nominee LLC Delaware Saxonburg Nominee LP Delaware SC EC Master Tenant, LLC Delaware SDS Opco Holdco, LLC Delaware Senior Care, Inc. Delaware Senior Quarters Operating Corp. New York Shaker Holding, LLC Delaware SHI Conveyance Sub, LLC Delaware 
 31 

SHI LL Holdco II, LLC Delaware SHI LL Holdco, LLC Delaware SHI MOB Holdco, LLC Delaware SHI SH Propco Holdco, LLC Delaware Shippensburg Realty Holdings, LLC Delaware SNR 21 Logan Square Owner LLC Delaware SNR 21 Owner LLC Delaware SNR 22 Management LLC Delaware SNR 22 OKC Management LLC Delaware SNR 22 OKC Owner LLC Delaware SNR 22 Owner LLC Delaware SNR 22 Shreveport Management LLC Delaware SNR 22 Shreveport Owner LLC Delaware SNR 22 Winston Salem Inc. Delaware SNR 22 Winston Salem Owner GP LLC Delaware SNR 22 Winston Salem Owner LP Delaware SNR 22 Winston-Salem Management LLC Delaware SNR 24 Bluebird Estates Management LLC Delaware SNR 24 Bluebird Estates Owner LLC Delaware SNR 24 Bridge Park Management LLC Delaware SNR 24 Bridge Park Owner LLC Delaware SNR 24 Chateau at Harveston Management LLC Delaware SNR 24 Chateau at Harveston Owner LLC Delaware SNR 24 Copley Place Management LLC Delaware SNR 24 Copley Place Owner LLC Delaware SNR 24 Crescent Heights Inc. Delaware SNR 24 Crescent Heights Management LLC Delaware SNR 24 Crescent Heights Owner GP LLC Delaware SNR 24 Crescent Heights Owner LP Delaware SNR 24 Cypress Woods Management LLC Delaware SNR 24 Cypress Woods Owner LLC Delaware SNR 24 Dover Owner Delaware SNR 24 Golden Oaks Management LLC Delaware SNR 24 Golden Oaks Owner LLC Delaware SNR 24 Lodge at Wake Forest Inc. Delaware SNR 24 Lodge at Wake Forest Management LLC Delaware SNR 24 Lodge at Wake Forest Owner GP LLC Delaware SNR 24 Lodge at Wake Forest Owner LP Delaware SNR 24 Management LLC Delaware SNR 24 Maple Suites Management LLC Delaware SNR 24 Maple Suites Owner LLC Delaware SNR 24 Olympus Ranch Management LLC Delaware SNR 24 Olympus Ranch Owner LLC Delaware 
 32 

SNR 24 Owner LLC Delaware SNR 24 Peninsula Management LLC Delaware SNR 24 Peninsula Owner LLC Delaware SNR 24 Rancho Village Management LLC Delaware SNR 24 Rancho Village Owner LLC Delaware SNR 24 Rolling Hills Ranch Management LLC Delaware SNR 24 Rolling Hills Ranch Owner LLC Delaware SNR 24 Shads Landing Inc. Delaware SNR 24 Shads Landing Management LLC Delaware SNR 24 Shads Landing Owner GP LLC Delaware SNR 24 Shads Landing Owner LP Delaware SNR 24 Sterling Court Management LLC Delaware SNR 24 Sterling Court Owner LLC Delaware SNR 24 Venetian Gardens Management LLC Delaware SNR 24 Venetian Gardens Owner LLC Delaware SNR 24 Windward Palms Management LLC Delaware SNR 24 Windward Palms Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Alexis Gardens Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Alexis Gardens Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Andover Place Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Andover Place Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Arcadia Place Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Arcadia Place Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Aspen View Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Aspen View Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Augustine Landing Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Augustine Landing Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Cedar Ridge Inc. Delaware SNR 27 Cedar Ridge Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Cedar Ridge Owner GP LLC Delaware SNR 27 Cedar Ridge Owner LP Delaware SNR 27 Echo Ridge Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Echo Ridge Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Elm Park Estates Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Elm Park Estates Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Genesee Gardens Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Genesee Gardens Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Greenwood Terrace Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Greenwood Terrace Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Holiday Hills Estates Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Holiday Hills Estates Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Indigo Pines Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Indigo Pines Owner LLC Delaware 
 33 

SNR 27 Kalama Heights Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Kalama Heights Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Marion Woods Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Marion Woods Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Montara Meadows Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Montara Meadows Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Niagara Village Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Niagara Village Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Parkrose Chateau Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Parkrose Chateau Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Pinegate Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Pinegate Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Quail Run Estates Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Quail Run Estates Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Quincy Place Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Quincy Place Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Redbud Hills Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Redbud Hills Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 Stone Lodge Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 Stone Lodge Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 The Jefferson Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 The Jefferson Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 The Remington Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 The Remington Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 The Springs of Escondido Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 The Springs of Escondido Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 The Springs of Napa Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 The Springs of Napa Owner LLC Delaware SNR 27 The Woods at Holly Tree GP LLC Delaware SNR 27 The Woods at Holly Tree Inc. Delaware SNR 27 The Woods at Holly Tree Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 The Woods at Holly Tree Owner LP Delaware SNR 27 University Pines Management LLC Delaware SNR 27 University Pines Owner LLC Delaware SNR Operations LLC Delaware Soci t en commandite Ambiance IDS Quebec Soci t en commandite Bor a Quebec Soci t en commandite Cal o Quebec Soci t en commandite Cavalier de Lasalle Quebec Soci t en commandite Cib le Quebec Soci t en commandite Commerciale Aylmer Quebec 
 34 

Soci t en commandite Commerciale Cornelius Quebec Soci t en commandite Commerciale Cornelius II Quebec Soci t en commandite Commerciale Cr mazie Quebec Soci t en commandite Commerciale Sherbrooke Quebec Soci t en commandite Communautaire Cr mazie Quebec Soci t en commandite Cornelius Quebec Soci t en commandite Cornelius II Quebec Soci t en commandite kla Quebec Soci t en commandite logia Quebec Soci t en commandite Flor a Quebec Soci t en commandite IVVI Quebec Soci t en commandite l Avantage Quebec Soci t en commandite l Image d Outremont Quebec Soci t en commandite l Initial Quebec Soci t en commandite la Cit des Tours Quebec Soci t en commandite la Crois e de l Est Quebec Soci t en commandite Le 22 Quebec Soci t en commandite le F lix Vaudreuil Dorion Quebec Soci t en commandite le Gibraltar Quebec Soci t en commandite le Notre Dame (Repentigny) Quebec Soci t en commandite le Quartier Mont Saint Hilaire Quebec Soci t en commandite le Savignon Quebec Soci t en commandite le V Quebec Soci t en commandite les Condos Bor a Quebec Soci t en commandite les Condos Cal o Quebec Soci t en commandite les Condos de la Gare Quebec Soci t en commandite les Condos kla Quebec Soci t en commandite les Condos logia Quebec Soci t en commandite les Condos Flor a Quebec Soci t en commandite les Condos l Avantage Quebec Soci t en commandite les Condos Le 22 Quebec Soci t en commandite les Condos le Gibraltar Quebec Soci t en commandite les Condos le Savignon Quebec Soci t en commandite les Condos le V Quebec Soci t en commandite les Condos les Jardins Millen Quebec Soci t en commandite les Condos Ora Quebec Soci t en commandite les Condos Quartier Sud Quebec Soci t en commandite les Condos Sev Quebec Soci t en commandite les Jardins du Campanile Quebec Soci t en commandite les Jardins Millen Quebec Soci t en commandite les Promenades du Parc Quebec Soci t en commandite les Verri res du Golf Quebec Soci t en commandite Lilo Quebec 
 35 

Soci t en commandite Liz Quebec Soci t en commandite Margo Quebec Soci t en commandite Ora Quebec Soci t en commandite Quartier Sud Quebec Soci t en commandite RDM Quebec Soci t en commandite Sev Quebec Soci t en commandite Station Est Quebec Soci t en commandite Vast Quebec Soci t en commandite Vent de l Ouest Quebec Springs at Clackamas Woods, LLC Oregon SSL Developer LLC Delaware SSL Holdco LLC Delaware SSL Partner LLC Delaware St. Albert Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia St. Catharines Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia St. Cloud MOB, LLC Minnesota St. Francis Community MOB, LLC South Carolina St. Francis Medical Plaza, LLC South Carolina St. Mary's Investors, LLC Virginia Steger Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia Stratford Development, LLC New York Stripe II, LLC Delaware Stripe Sub, LLC Delaware SW Louisiana Professional Office Building, LLC Delaware Syracuse MOB SPE, LLC Delaware Syracuse MOB, LLC New York SZR Abington AL Opco, L.L.C. Delaware SZR Abington AL, L.L.C. Pennsylvania SZR Acquisitions Propco, LP (f k a La Mesa Propco, LP) Delaware SZR Acquisitions, LLC Delaware SZR Arlington, MA Assisted Living Opco, L.L.C. (fka Chesterfield Propco, LLC) Delaware SZR Arlington, MA Assisted Living, L.L.C. Virginia SZR Aurora GP Inc. Ontario, Canada SZR Aurora Inc. Ontario, Canada SZR Aurora, LP Ontario, Canada SZR Barrington, LLC Delaware SZR Bloomfield Senior Living Opco, LLC (fka Cy-Fair Propco, LLC) Delaware SZR Bloomfield Senior Living, LLC Delaware SZR Bloomingdale Assisted Living Opco, L.L.C. (f k a Lorain Propco, LLC) Delaware SZR Bloomingdale Assisted Living, L.L.C. Illinois SZR Blue Bell AL Limited Partnership Pennsylvania 
 36 

SZR Blue Bell AL Opco Limited Partnership Delaware SZR Bon Air, LLC Delaware SZR Buffalo Grove Assisted Living Opco, L.L.C. (f k a Shallowford Propco, LLC) Delaware SZR Buffalo Grove Assisted Living, L.L.C. Illinois SZR Burlington Inc. Ontario, Canada SZR Carmichael, LLC Delaware SZR Cascade, LLC Delaware SZR Chandler, LLC Delaware SZR Cherry Creek Senior Living Propco, LLC Delaware SZR Cherry Creek Senior Living, LLC Delaware SZR Cinco Ranch, LLC Delaware SZR Columbia LLC Delaware SZR Columbia Propco LLC Delaware SZR Cuyahoga Falls Senior Living Opco, LLC (f k a Sherwood Propco, LLC) Delaware SZR Cuyahoga Falls Senior Living, LLC Delaware SZR East Cobb Assisted Living Limited Partnership Georgia SZR East Cobb Assisted Living Opco Limited Partnership Delaware SZR Edina Assisted Living Opco, L.L.C. (fka Maumelle Propco, LLC) Delaware SZR Edina Assisted Living, L.L.C. Minnesota SZR Erin Mills GP Inc. Ontario, Canada SZR Erin Mills Inc. Ontario, Canada SZR Erin Mills, LP Ontario, Canada SZR First Assisted Living Holdings, LLC Delaware SZR Fleetwood A.L. Propco, L.L.C. Delaware SZR Fleetwood A.L., L.L.C. New York SZR Fort Worth, LLC Delaware SZR Frisco, LLC Delaware SZR Granite Run AL Opco, L.L.C. (fka Windcrest Propco, LLC) Delaware SZR Granite Run AL, L.L.C. Pennsylvania SZR Haverford AL Opco, L.L.C. Delaware SZR Haverford AL, L.L.C. Pennsylvania SZR Hillcrest Senior Living Propco, LLC Delaware SZR Hillcrest Senior Living, LLC Delaware SZR Holladay, LLC Delaware SZR Huntcliff Assisted Living Limited Partnership Georgia SZR Huntcliff Assisted Living Opco Limited Partnership Delaware SZR Ivey Ridge Assisted Living Limited Partnership Georgia SZR Ivey Ridge Assisted Living Opco Limited Partnership Delaware SZR Jackson, LLC Delaware SZR Jacksonville, LLC Delaware SZR Leawood, LLC Delaware 
 37 

SZR Lincoln Park LLC Delaware SZR Lincoln Park Opco LLC (f k a Byrd Springs Propco, LLC) Delaware SZR Lower Makefield, LLC Delaware SZR Lynn Valley GP Inc. Ontario, Canada SZR Lynn Valley, LP Ontario, Canada SZR Markham GP Inc. Ontario, Canada SZR Markham Inc. Ontario, Canada SZR Markham, LP Ontario, Canada SZR Mission Viejo Assisted Living Propco, L.P. Delaware SZR Mission Viejo Assisted Living, L.L.C. Virginia SZR Mississauga GP, Inc. Ontario, Canada SZR Mississauga Inc. Ontario, Canada SZR Mississauga, LP Ontario, Canada SZR Morris Plains Assisted Living Propco, L.L.C. Delaware SZR Morris Plains Assisted Living, L.L.C. New Jersey SZR New City Senior Living Propco, LLC Delaware SZR New City Senior Living, LLC Delaware SZR North Ann Arbor Senior Living, LLC Delaware SZR North Hills LP (fka SZR North Hills LLC) Delaware SZR North Hills Opco LP (fka Mountain Home Propco, LLC) Delaware SZR North York GP Inc. Ontario, Canada SZR North York Inc. Ontario, Canada SZR Northville Assisted Living Opco, L.L.C. (fka Florence SC Propco, LLC) Delaware SZR Northville Assisted Living, L.L.C. Michigan SZR Norwood LLC Delaware SZR Norwood Opco LLC (fka Braeswood Propco, LLC) Delaware SZR Oakville Inc. Ontario, Canada SZR of Alexandria Assisted Living Opco, L.P. Delaware SZR of Alexandria Assisted Living, L.P. Virginia SZR of North York, LP Ontario, Canada SZR Old Meridian, LLC Delaware SZR Old Tappan Assisted Living Propco, L.L.C. Delaware SZR Old Tappan Assisted Living, L.L.C. New Jersey SZR Opco Holdco, LLC Delaware SZR Orchard AL Propco, L.L.C. Delaware SZR Orchard AL, L.L.C. Colorado SZR Overland Park, LLC Delaware SZR Pacific Palisades Assisted Living Propco, L.P. Delaware SZR Pacific Palisades Assisted Living, L.P. California SZR Palos Park Opco, LLC (f k a Brentwood Propco, LLC) Delaware SZR Palos Park, LLC Virginia SZR Parma Assisted Living Opco, L.L.C. (f k a Wharton Propco, LLC) Delaware 
 38 

SZR Parma Assisted Living, L.L.C. Virginia SZR Richmond Hill GP Inc. Ontario, Canada SZR Richmond Hill Inc. Ontario, Canada SZR Richmond Hill, LP Ontario, Canada SZR River Road, LLC Delaware SZR Riverside Assisted Living Propco, L.P. (f k a Southern Pines Propco, LP) Delaware SZR Riverside Assisted Living, L.P. California SZR Rochester Assisted Living Opco, LLC (fka Lake Jackson Propco, LLC) Delaware SZR Rochester Assisted Living, LLC Delaware SZR Rocklin Senior Living Propco, LP (f k a Point Loma Propco, LP) Delaware SZR Rocklin Senior Living, LLC Delaware SZR Rockville LLC Delaware SZR Rockville Propco LLC Delaware SZR San Mateo LLC Delaware SZR San Mateo Propco LP (f k a Las Villas Del Norte Propco, LP) Delaware SZR Sandy Senior Living Propco, LLC Delaware SZR Sandy Senior Living, LLC Delaware SZR Scottsdale Propco, LLC Delaware SZR Scottsdale, LLC Delaware SZR Second Assisted Living Holdings, LLC Delaware SZR Second Baton Rouge Assisted Living Propco, L.L.C. Delaware SZR Second Baton Rouge Assisted Living, L.L.C. Louisiana SZR Second Westminister Assisted Living, L.L.C. Colorado SZR Second Westminster Assisted Living Propco, L.L.C. Delaware SZR Smithtown A.L. Propco, L.L.C. Delaware SZR Smithtown A.L., L.L.C. New York SZR Springfield Assisted Living Opco, L.L.C. Delaware SZR Springfield Assisted Living, L.L.C. Virginia SZR Staten Island SL Propco, L.L.C. Delaware SZR Staten Island SL, L.L.C. New York SZR Sterling Canyon Assisted Living Limited Partnership California SZR Sterling Canyon Assisted Living Propco, LP (f k a Northridge Propco, LP) Delaware SZR Troy Assisted Living Opco, L.L.C. (fka Cottonwood Propco, LLC) Delaware SZR Troy Assisted Living, L.L.C. Michigan SZR US Investments, LLC Delaware SZR US UPREIT Three, LLC Delaware SZR US UPREIT, LLC Delaware SZR Victoria GP Inc. Ontario, Canada SZR Victoria, LP Ontario, Canada SZR Wall Assisted Living Propco, L.L.C. Delaware 
 39 

SZR Wall Assisted Living, L.L.C. New Jersey SZR Wayne Assisted Living Propco, L.L.C. Delaware SZR Wayne Assisted Living, L.L.C. New Jersey SZR Westfield Assisted Living Propco, L.L.C. Delaware SZR Westfield Assisted Living, L.L.C. New Jersey SZR Westlake Village LLC Delaware SZR Westlake Village Propco LP (f k a Las Villas Del Carlsbad Propco, LP) Delaware SZR Willowbrook Annex LLC Delaware SZR Willowbrook Annex Opco LLC (f k a Austin Propco, LLC) Delaware SZR Willowbrook LLC Delaware SZR Willowbrook Opco LLC (f k a Heritage Woods Propco, LLC) Delaware SZR Windsor Inc. Ontario, Canada SZR Yorba Linda LLC Delaware SZR Yorba Linda Propco LP (f k a Little Avenue Propco, LP) Delaware Tempe AL RE, L.P. Delaware The Arboretum I Limited Partnership Wisconsin The Arboretum I Opco, LLC Delaware The Arboretum II Limited Partnership Wisconsin The Ponds of Pembroke Limited Partnership Illinois The Terrace at South Meadows, LLC Delaware THL 191 JV, LLC Delaware Timberlin Parc Realty Propco, LLC (fka EC Timberlin Parc Realty, LLC Delaware Townsend CRB Development, LLC Delaware Tucson AL RE, L.P. Delaware Twain Investment Fund 104, LLC Missouri Twain Investment Fund 149, LLC Missouri Twain Investment Fund 33, LLC Missouri Twain Investment Fund 75, LLC Missouri uCity Academic Owner, LLC Delaware uCity Square One JV, LLC Delaware uCity Square One Owner, LLC (fka uCity Square One Building Condo, LLC) Delaware uCity Square One REIT, LLC Delaware Valley Manor Propco, LLC Delaware VAOC Newport Plaza, LP (fka JSL Blossom Grove, LP) Delaware VAOC Patrician, LP (fka JSL Caleo Bay, LP) Delaware VAOC Penasquitos, LP Delaware VB Ballwin SH, LLC Delaware VB Opco Holdings, LLC Delaware VB Propco Holdings, LLC Delaware VCC Healthcare Fund, LLC (f k a Ventas Healthcare Capital, LLC, f k a Ventas Sun LLC) Delaware 
 40 

Ventas AH Granbury, LLC Delaware Ventas AH Midwest, LLC Delaware Ventas AH Mustang, LLC Delaware Ventas AH Norman, LLC Delaware Ventas AH Reminisce, LLC Delaware Ventas AH Rockwall, LLC Delaware Ventas AH Temple, LLC Delaware Ventas AH Weatherford, LLC Delaware Ventas Amberleigh Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Amberleigh, LLC Delaware Ventas AOC Operating Holdings, Inc. Delaware Ventas AOC Operating Holdings, LLC Delaware Ventas Arlington, LLC Delaware Ventas Bear Canyon Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Bear Canyon, LLC Delaware Ventas Beckley, LLC Delaware Ventas Birch Heights Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Birch Heights, LLC Delaware Ventas Bishop Place, LLC Delaware Ventas Bonaventure GP, LLC Delaware Ventas Bonaventure Opco, LP Delaware Ventas Bonaventure, LP Delaware Ventas Broadway MOB, LLC Delaware Ventas CA GP Holdings I, LLC Delaware Ventas Caley Ridge Holding, LLC Delaware Ventas Caley Ridge, LLC Delaware Ventas Canada Finance Limited (f k a 3280986 Nova Scotia Limited) Nova Scotia Ventas Canada Retirement I GP ULC (f k a Holiday Canada Retirement I GP ULC) Nova Scotia Ventas Canada Retirement I LP (f k a Holiday Canada Retirement I LP) Ontario Ventas Canada Retirement II GP ULC (f k a Holiday Canada Retirement II GP ULC) Nova Scotia Ventas Canada Retirement II LP (f k a Holiday Canada Retirement II LP) Ontario Ventas Canada Retirement III GP ULC (f k a Holiday Canada Retirement III GP ULC) Nova Scotia Ventas Canada Retirement III LP (f k a Holiday Canada Retirement III LP) Ontario Ventas Capital Corporation Delaware Ventas Carlisle, LLC Delaware Ventas Carroll MOB, LLC Delaware Ventas Cascade Valley, LLC Delaware Ventas Copperfield Estates Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Copperfield Estates, LLC Delaware 
 41 

Ventas Crown Pointe Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Crown Pointe, LLC Delaware Ventas CS, LLC (f ka TH Merger Company, LLC) Delaware Ventas CW Finance, LLC Delaware Ventas Dasco MOB Holdings, LLC Delaware Ventas Devonshire (Lenox) Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Devonshire (Lenox), LLC Delaware Ventas Eagle Lake, LP Delaware Ventas East Lansing Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas East Lansing, LLC Delaware Ventas Edgewood Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Edgewood, LLC (f k a Ventas Paradise Valley, LLC) Delaware Ventas EH Holdings, LLC (f k a Ventas Cal Sun LLC) Delaware Ventas Euro Finance, LLC Delaware Ventas Fairwood, LLC Delaware Ventas Finance Holdings I, LLC Delaware Ventas Flagstone, LLC Delaware Ventas Forest Pines Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Forest Pines, LLC Delaware Ventas Framingham, LLC Delaware Ventas Garden Square of Casper, LLC Delaware Ventas GM GP Limited Delaware Ventas GM Holdings Limited Delaware Ventas Grantor Trust #1 Delaware Ventas Grantor Trust #2 Delaware Ventas Hartland Hills Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Hartland Hills, LLC (f k a Ventas Millcreek, LLC) Delaware Ventas Healthcare Properties, Inc. Delaware Ventas Healthcare Realty, LLC Delaware Ventas Highland Estates Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Highland Estates, LLC Delaware Ventas Highland Trail Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Highland Trail, LLC Delaware Ventas HOL Holdings, LLC Delaware Ventas JCM Holdings, Inc. Delaware Ventas Kittery Estates Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Kittery Estates, LLC Delaware Ventas Lafayette, LLC Delaware Ventas Lakewood Estates Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Lakewood Estates, LLC Delaware Ventas Las Palmas Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Las Palmas, LLC Delaware Ventas LHRET, LLC Delaware 
 42 

Ventas Life Sciences, LLC Delaware Ventas LP Realty, L.L.C. Delaware Ventas LS LP (f k a BMR-Wexford LP) Delaware Ventas LS MD, LLC Delaware Ventas LS TRS, LLC Delaware Ventas Mansion at Waterford, LLC Delaware Ventas McLoughlin, LLC Delaware Ventas Meadowbrook Place, LLC Delaware Ventas Meadows Elk Grove, LP Delaware Ventas Mezz Finance Leesburg, LLC Delaware Ventas Mezz Lender, LLC Delaware Ventas MOB Holdings II, LLC Delaware Ventas MOB Holdings, LLC Delaware Ventas MS Holdings, LLC Delaware Ventas MS, LLC Delaware Ventas Naples, LLC Delaware Ventas Nexcore Holdings, LLC Delaware Ventas NSG Finance, LLC Delaware Ventas NV GP LLC Delaware Ventas Oak Terrace Opco GP, LLC Delaware Ventas Oak Terrace, LP Delaware Ventas of Blackpool Limited Jersey Ventas of Farnham Limited Jersey Ventas of Hull Limited Jersey Ventas of Vancouver Limited Jersey Ventas Ontario OC, LLC Delaware Ventas Palms GP, LLC Delaware Ventas Palms Opco, LP Delaware Ventas Palms, LP Delaware Ventas Paradise Springs Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Paradise Springs, LLC Delaware Ventas Patriot, LLC Delaware Ventas Pheasant Ridge, LLC Delaware Ventas Plano, LLC Delaware Ventas Polo Park Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Polo Park, LLC Delaware Ventas Provident, LLC Delaware Ventas Raleigh Opco GP, LLC Delaware Ventas Raleigh Opco, LP Delaware Ventas Raleigh, LLC Delaware Ventas Realty Capital Healthcare Trust Operating Partnership, L.P. (f k a American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust Operating Partnership, L.P.) Delaware 
 43 

Ventas Realty Capital Healthcare Trust Sub REIT, LLC (f k a American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust Sub REIT, LLC) Delaware Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership Delaware Ventas Redwood GP, LLC Delaware Ventas Redwood Opco, LP Delaware Ventas Redwood, LP Delaware Ventas REIT US Holdings, LLC Delaware Ventas Santa Barbara Opco GP, LLC Delaware Ventas Santa Barbara Opco, LP Delaware Ventas Santa Barbara, LLC Delaware Ventas SH Holdings I, LLC Delaware Ventas Shasta Estates GP, LLC Delaware Ventas Shasta Estates Opco, LP Delaware Ventas Shasta Estates, LP Delaware Ventas Sierra Ridge Opco GP, LLC Delaware Ventas Sierra Ridge, LP Delaware Ventas Skyline Place Opco GP, LLC Delaware Ventas Skyline Place, LP Delaware Ventas SL Holdings II, LLC Delaware Ventas SL I, LLC Delaware Ventas SL II, LLC Delaware Ventas SL III, LLC Delaware Ventas Springs Holdings, LLC Delaware Ventas Springs JV, LLC Delaware Ventas SSL Beacon Hill, Inc. Ontario, Canada Ventas SSL Holdings Finance, LLC Delaware Ventas SSL Holdings, Inc. Delaware Ventas SSL Holdings, LLC Delaware Ventas SSL Lynn Valley, Inc. Ontario, Canada Ventas SSL Ontario II, Inc. Ontario, Canada Ventas SSL Ontario IV, Inc. Ontario, Canada Ventas SSL Vancouver, Inc. Ontario, Canada Ventas SSL, Inc. Delaware Ventas Sugar Valley (f k a Ventas Tucson, LLC) Delaware Ventas Sugar Valley Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Tanasbourne, LLC Delaware Ventas The Meadows Opco GP, LLC Delaware Ventas Tributary, LLC Delaware Ventas Trinity Finance, LP (f k a Ventas BKD Finance, LLC, f k a Ventas Mustang Finance, LLC) Delaware Ventas TRS, LLC Delaware Ventas UK Finance, Inc. Delaware Ventas UK Holdings I Limited Jersey Ventas UK Holdings II Limited Jersey 
 44 

Ventas UK Holdings III Limited Jersey Ventas UK Holdings IV Limited Jersey Ventas UK Holdings IX Limited Jersey Ventas UK Holdings V Limited Jersey Ventas UK Holdings VI Limited Jersey Ventas UK Holdings VII Limited Jersey Ventas UK Holdings VIII Limited Jersey Ventas UK Holdings X Limited Jersey Ventas UK Holdings XI Limited Jersey Ventas UK I, LLC Delaware Ventas UK II, LLC Delaware Ventas UK Real Estate Limited United Kingdom Ventas Valencia GP, LLC Delaware Ventas Valencia Opco, LP Delaware Ventas Valencia, LP Delaware Ventas Ventures, LLC Delaware Ventas West Shore Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas West Shores, LLC Delaware Ventas Weston, LLC Delaware Ventas Whispering Chase Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Whispering Chase, LLC (f k a Ventas Peoria, LLC) Delaware Ventas White Bear Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas White Bear, LLC Delaware Ventas White Oaks Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas White Oaks, LLC Delaware Ventas Whitehall Estates, LLC Delaware Ventas Whitley Place Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Whitley Place, LLC Delaware Ventas Willow Gardens Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Willow Gardens, LLC Delaware Ventas Willow Grove GP, LLC Delaware Ventas Willow Grove Opco, LP Delaware Ventas Willow Grove, LP Delaware Ventas Woods at Canco Opco, LLC Delaware Ventas Woods at Canco, LLC Delaware Ventas, Inc. Delaware Venture Principal, LLC Delaware Venture Sub NC Holdco II, Inc. Delaware Venture Sub NC Holdco, Inc. Delaware Venture Sub, LLC Delaware Verdugo Management, LLC California Verdugo MOB, LP California Vernon Hills ACC, LLC Delaware 
 45 

Victoria Court Realty, LLC Maine Victorian Retirement Group II Ltd. British Columbia Victorian Retirement Group III Ltd. British Columbia Victorian Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia VLSHRE Chantilly Holdco, LLC (f k a VTR Adelaide, LLC) Delaware VLSHRE Fund GP, LLC Delaware VLSHRE Fund Holdings, LLC Delaware VLSHRE Parallel Fund REIT, LLC Delaware VLSHRE Parallel Fund, L.P. Delaware VMSJ TRS, LLC Delaware VOP Arbor Rose, LLC Delaware VOP Arbor, LLC Delaware VOP Arbors Gulf Breeze, LLC Delaware VOP Arrowhead Lodge, LLC Delaware VOP Auburn, LLC Delaware VOP AVM Holdco, LLC Delaware VOP Berry Park, LLC Delaware VOP Bethany, LLC Delaware VOP Bishop Place, LLC Delaware VOP Caley Ridge, LLC Delaware VOP Cascade Valley, LLC Delaware VOP Derian Lodge, LLC Delaware VOP Derian Place, LLC Delaware VOP Duluth Heights Lodge, LLC Delaware VOP Flagstone, LLC Delaware VOP Forsyth House, LLC Delaware VOP Gorham, LLC Delaware VOP Hay Creek Lodge, LLC Delaware VOP HB Chatham Opco, LLC Delaware VOP HB Effingham Opco, LLC Delaware VOP HB Herrin Opco, LLC Delaware VOP HB Marshall Opco, LLC Delaware VOP HB Newton Opco, LLC Delaware VOP HB Shelbyville Opco, LLC Delaware VOP HC of Branford, LLC Delaware VOP HC of Madison, LLC Delaware VOP HC Plano, LLC Delaware VOP HC Riverwalk, LLC Delaware VOP HC Southlake, LLC Delaware VOP Hillsboro, LLC Delaware VOP Magnolia House, LLC Delaware VOP Mangrove Bay, LLC Delaware VOP Mankato Lodge, LLC Delaware 
 46 

VOP Mansion at Waterford, LLC Delaware VOP McLoughlin Place, LLC Delaware VOP Meadowbrook Place, LLC Delaware VOP Meadowlands Opco, LLC Delaware VOP Minot, LLC Delaware VOP Mountain Ridge, LLC Delaware VOP Necanicum, LLC Delaware VOP Newberg, LLC Delaware VOP Oak Terrace, LP Delaware VOP Orchard Grove, LLC (f k a VOP River Oaks, LLC) 
 Delaware VOP Peninsula Opco, LLC Delaware VOP Pheasant Ridge, LLC Delaware VOP Phoenix, LLC Delaware VOP Ponderosa Lodge, LLC Delaware VOP Sabal House, LLC Delaware VOP Sandy, LLC Delaware VOP Seagrass Fleming, LLC Delaware VOP Seagrass Port Orange, LLC Delaware VOP Sherwood, LLC Delaware VOP Sierra Ridge, LP Delaware VOP Skyline Place, LP Delaware VOP SLS Holdco, LLC Delaware VOP South Grove Lodge, LLC Delaware VOP St. Helens, LLC Delaware VOP St. James Opco, LLC Delaware VOP Stanley House, LLC Delaware VOP Strafford, LLC Delaware VOP Suzanne Elise, LLC Delaware VOP The Meadows, LP Delaware VOP York Harbor, LLC Delaware VP Garden City Opco, LLC Delaware VP Garden City Propco, LLC Delaware VP Holdingco, LLC Delaware VP Rock Hill Opco, LLC Delaware VP Rock Hill Propco, LLC Delaware VSCRE Holdings, LLC Delaware VSL GP II, LLC (fka VTR JSL GP II, LLC) Delaware VSL GP, LLC (fka VTR JSL GP, LLC) Delaware VSL Holdings II, LLC (fka Ventas JSL Holdings, LLC) Delaware VSL Holdings, LLC (fka Ventas JSL Property Holdings, LLC) Delaware VSL Newport Plaza, LP (fka VTR Blossom Grove, LP) Delaware VSL Patrician GP, LLC Delaware VSL Patrician, LP (fka VTR Caleo Bay, LP) Delaware 
 47 

VSL Penasquitos GP, LLC Delaware VSL Penasquitos, LP Delaware VTCC Carroll MOB, LLC Delaware VTR 3440 Market, LLC Delaware VTR Alpharetta, LLC Delaware VTR AMS Bondco, LLC Delaware VTR AMS, Inc. (f k a Ardent Medical Services, Inc.) Delaware VTR Arboretum, LLC Delaware VTR Arbors Gulf Breeze, LLC Delaware VTR Ardsley, LLC Delaware VTR Ascension SV, LLC Delaware VTR Ashley Inn, LLC Delaware VTR Assisted Living, Inc. Delaware VTR Assisted Living, Virginia Beach, LLC Delaware VTR Athens Cancer, LLC Delaware VTR Austell, LLC Delaware VTR Avista MOB, LLC Delaware VTR Bailey Holdco, LLC Delaware VTR Bailey MC, LLC Delaware VTR Ballwin, LLC Delaware VTR Baptist SA, LLC Delaware VTR Barrington POB Holdings, LLC Delaware VTR Bay Spring, LLC Delaware VTR Baypoint Village, LLC Delaware VTR Bayshore, LLC Delaware VTR BD Finance, LLC Delaware VTR Bethlehem, LLC Delaware VTR Bonita Propco, LP Delaware VTR Briarcliff Manor, LLC Delaware VTR Buckhead, LLC Georgia VTR Building 60 Holdco, LLC Delaware VTR Building 90 Holdco, LLC Delaware VTR Burlingame, LP California VTR CA GP II, LLC Delaware VTR CAGP, LLC Delaware VTR Campana Del Rio, LLC Delaware VTR Canterbury Park, LLC Delaware VTR Canyon Springs, LLC Delaware VTR Carmichael Oaks Land, LLC Delaware VTR Carmichael Oaks, LP Delaware VTR Cedarbrook, LLC Delaware VTR Center City, LLC Delaware VTR Chandler Villas, LP California 
 48 

VTR Chesterfield Holdco, LLC Delaware VTR Chicago 93rd Street POB, LLC Delaware VTR Chico Assisted Living, LP Delaware VTR CO GP, LLC Delaware VTR Continental Medical Bldg., LLC Delaware VTR Copper Canyon, LLC Delaware VTR Countrywood Parking, LLC Delaware VTR Countrywood, LP Delaware VTR Covell, LLC Delaware VTR Covell GP I, LLC (f k a VTR Covell, LLC) California VTR Covell, LP Delaware VTR Crossgate, LLC Delaware VTR Crown Point (Parker) MOB, LLC Delaware VTR Cutter Mill, LLC Delaware VTR CW GP, LLC Delaware VTR Daly City, LP California VTR Darien, LLC Delaware VTR Deer Valley MOB II, LLC Delaware VTR Deer Valley MOB III, LLC Delaware VTR Deer Valley Parking, LLC Delaware VTR Delmar Place, LLC Delaware VTR Desert Samaritan, LLC Delaware VTR Downers Grove POB Holdings, LLC Delaware VTR Durham GP, LLC Delaware VTR Durham, LP Delaware VTR East Lake PB, LLC Delaware VTR Eberle MOB, LLC Delaware VTR Elizabethtown, LLC Delaware VTR Evergreen Woods, LLC Delaware VTR Falmouth, LLC Delaware VTR First Ave, LLC Delaware VTR FM Texas Holdings GP, LLC Delaware VTR Forest Hills, LLC Delaware VTR Forest Lake, LLC Delaware VTR FV, LLC Delaware VTR Garden Park GP, LLC Delaware VTR Garden Park, LP Delaware VTR Gilbert 2, LLC Delaware VTR Glen Cove, LLC Delaware VTR Golden Creek, Inc. Delaware VTR Grand Oaks GP, LLC Delaware VTR Grand Oaks, LP Delaware VTR Great Neck, LLC Delaware 
 49 

VTR Greece, LLC Delaware VTR Green Valley Assisted Living, LLC Delaware VTR Harper Court Phase II Member, LLC Delaware VTR Hazel Crest, LLC Delaware VTR HC Plano, LLC Delaware VTR HC Riverwalk, LLC Delaware VTR HC Southlake, LLC Delaware VTR Heart Hospital Bondco, LLC Delaware VTR Heart Hospital, LLC Delaware VTR Hearthstone East, LLC Delaware VTR Hearthstone West, LLC Delaware VTR Henderson Assisted Living, LLC Delaware VTR Heritage LF, LLC Delaware VTR Hertlin House, LLC Delaware VTR Highland Crossing, LLC Kentucky VTR Hillcrest Claremore, LLC Delaware VTR Hillcrest HS Tulsa, LLC Delaware VTR Hillcrest Inn GP, LLC Delaware VTR Hillcrest Inn, LP Delaware VTR Hillcrest MC Tulsa, LLC Delaware VTR Hillsdale, LLC Delaware VTR Hillsdale, LP Delaware VTR HOL Finance, LLC Delaware VTR Hudson, LLC Delaware VTR Huntington, LLC Delaware VTR II Acquisition LLC Delaware VTR III Acquisition LLC Delaware VTR Jacksonville Medical Plaza, LLC Delaware VTR Jefferson Clinic MOB, LLC Delaware VTR Johnson Ferry, LLC Delaware VTR Jupiter, LLC Delaware VTR Kennebunk, LLC Delaware VTR Kew Gardens, LLC New York VTR Kinghaven, LLC Delaware VTR Lake Havasu Assisted Living, LLC Delaware VTR Lake Palestine, LLC Delaware VTR Lakeland Medical, LLC Delaware VTR Lancaster Assisted Living, LP Delaware VTR Las Posas, LP California VTR Legacy Drive, LLC (f k a VTR DOB III MOB, LLC) Delaware VTR Lonestar, LLC Delaware VTR Longmeadow Place, LLC Delaware VTR Lovelace MC & Rehab, LLC Delaware 
 50 

VTR Lovelace Roswell Bondco, LLC Delaware VTR Lovelace Roswell, LLC Delaware VTR Lovelace Westside, LLC Delaware VTR Lovelace WH Bondco, LLC Delaware VTR Lovelace WH, LLC Delaware VTR LS 115 N. 38th Street, LLC (f k a Wexford 115 N. 38th Street, LLC) Delaware VTR LS 225 N. 38th Street UT, LLC (f k a Wexford 225 N. 38th Street UT, LLC) Delaware VTR LS 225 N. 38th Street, LLC (f k a Wexford 225 N. 38th Street, LLC) Delaware VTR LS 3701 Filbert Street UT, LLC (f k a Wexford 3701 Filbert Street UT, LLC) Delaware VTR LS 3701 Filbert Street, LLC (f k a Wexford 3701 Filbert Street, LLC) Delaware VTR LS 4220 Duncan, LLC Delaware VTR LS 4300 Duncan, LLC Delaware VTR LS 4320 Forest Park, LLC (f k a Wexford 4320 Forest Park, LLC) Delaware VTR LS 5051 Centre P1 Holdings, LLC Delaware VTR LS 75 N. 38th Street, LLC Delaware VTR LS Bailey Developer, LLC (f k a Wexford Bailey Developer, LLC) Delaware VTR LS Baltimore Garage, LLC (f k a Wexford Baltimore Garage, LLC) Maryland VTR LS Baltimore-Poppleton, LLC (f k a Wexford Baltimore-Poppleton, LLC) Maryland VTR LS BioPark Land Acquisition I, LLC (f k a Wexford BioPark Land Acquisition I, LLC) Maryland VTR LS BSP Funding, LLC (f k a Wexford BSP Funding, LLC) Maryland VTR LS BSP Partners, LLC (f k a Wexford BSP Partners, LLC) Maryland VTR LS Building 60 Developer, LLC (f k a Wexford Building 60 Developer, LLC) Delaware VTR LS Building 90 Developer, LLC (f k a Wexford Building 90 Developer, LLC) Delaware VTR LS Building 91 Developer, LLC (f k a Wexford Building 91 Developer, LLC) Delaware VTR LS Building 91 Manager, LLC (f k a Wexford Building 91 Manager, LLC) Delaware VTR LS Chesterfield Developer, LLC (f k a Wexford Chesterfield Developer, LLC) Delaware VTR LS Chesterfield Parking, LLC (f k a Wexford Chesterfield Parking, LLC) Delaware VTR LS CTI GP, LLC Delaware VTR LS CTI, LP Delaware VTR LS Danforth, LLC (f k a Wexford Danforth, LLC) Delaware VTR LS Development, LLC (f k a Wexford Development, LLC) Maryland VTR LS Finance, LLC (f k a Wexford Finance, LLC) Maryland 
 51 

VTR LS Heritage Development, LLC (f k a Wexford Heritage Development, LLC) Delaware VTR LS Heritage Manager, LLC (f k a Wexford Heritage Manager, LLC) Delaware VTR LS Hershey Holdings One, LLC (f k a Wexford Hershey Holdings One, LLC) Delaware VTR LS Hershey Holdings Two, LLC (f k a Wexford Hershey Holdings Two, LLC) Delaware VTR LS Hershey, LLC (f k a Wexford Hershey, LLC) Delaware VTR LS KSC GP, LLC Delaware VTR LS KSC, LP Delaware VTR LS Management, LLC (f k a Wexford Management, LLC) Delaware VTR LS Maryland BioPark 3, LLC (f k a Wexford Maryland BioPark 3, LLC) Delaware VTR LS Maryland BioPark One, LLC (f k a Wexford Maryland BioPark One, LLC) Delaware VTR LS Miami Property Acquisitions, LLC (f k a Wexford Miami Property Acquisitions, LLC) Delaware VTR LS Realty Holdings II, Inc. (f k a BioMed Realty Holdings II, Inc.) Maryland VTR LS Science Center 2, LLC (f k a Wexford Science Center 2, LLC) Maryland VTR LS Tech Park, LLC Delaware VTR LS University City HS, LLC (f k a Wexford University City HS, LLC) Delaware VTR LS-George Member LLC (f k a BMR-George Member LLC) Delaware VTR LS-UCSC II GP, LLC (f k a Wexford-UCSC II GP, LLC) Delaware VTR Lynbrook, LLC Delaware VTR Madison House, LLC Delaware VTR Management Services Jefferson, LLC (f k a Lillibridge Facilities Development, Inc.) Delaware VTR Manresa Business Trust Maryland VTR Manresa, LLC Delaware VTR Marland Place II, LLC Delaware VTR Marland Place III, LLC Delaware VTR Marland Place, LLC Delaware VTR Marysville Assisted Living, LP Delaware VTR Medical Plaza I Athens, LLC Delaware VTR Medical Plaza II Athens, LLC Delaware VTR Merrywood, LLC Delaware VTR Mezz Guarantee LLC Delaware VTR Mezz II, LLC Delaware VTR Mezz III, LLC Delaware VTR Mezz LLC Delaware VTR Montego Heights, LP California VTR Mulvane Medical Plaza, LLC Delaware 
 52 

VTR Nevada Assisted Living, LLC Delaware VTR Newburgh, LLC Delaware VTR Northeast Holdings, LLC Delaware VTR Northport Development, LLC New York VTR Oak Knoll Land, LLC Delaware VTR Oak Knoll, LP Delaware VTR Oak Lawn POB, LLC Delaware VTR OCE Indy, LLC Delaware VTR Olympic Plaza, LLC Delaware VTR Orchard Estate, LLC Delaware VTR Orchard Grove, LLC (f k a VTR River Oaks, LLC) 
 Delaware VTR Oroville Assisted Living, LP Delaware VTR Palm Desert, LLC Delaware VTR Palm Desert, LP Delaware VTR Papago Medical Park, LLC Delaware VTR PCM, LLC Delaware VTR Pearl Holdco, LLC Delaware VTR Penfield, LLC Delaware VTR Phoenix, LLC Delaware VTR Plainview, LLC Delaware VTR Plano, LLC Delaware VTR Property Holdings Carrollton GP, LLC Delaware VTR Property Holdings Carrollton, LP Texas VTR Property Holdings Copeland, LLC Delaware VTR Property Holdings Cypresswood, LLC Delaware VTR Property Holdings Grapevine, LP Texas VTR Property Holdings Richardson, LLC Delaware VTR Property Holdings Westchase GP, LLC Delaware VTR Property Holdings Westchase, LP Texas VTR Property Sectors, LLC (fka Ventas Senior Housing, LLC) Delaware VTR Quail Ridge, LP Delaware VTR R&I Procurement Holdings Member, LLC Delaware VTR R&I Procurement Holdings, LLC Delaware VTR Raleigh GP, LLC Delaware VTR Raleigh, LLC Delaware VTR Raleigh, LP Delaware VTR Rancho Mirage Propco, LP Delaware VTR Regency, LLC Delaware VTR Retirement and Assisted Living Briarcliff, LLC Delaware VTR Richland Hills, LLC Delaware VTR Riverdale LLC New York VTR Rock Creek, LLC Delaware VTR Roslyn, LLC Delaware 
 53 

VTR Rye Brook, LLC Delaware VTR Salisbury Business Trust Maryland VTR Salisbury, LLC Delaware VTR Salmon Creek, LLC Delaware VTR San Felipe Propco, LP Delaware VTR San Francisco MOB, LLC Delaware VTR Science & Technology, LLC (f k a Wexford Science & Technology, LLC) Maryland VTR Scottsdale, LLC Delaware VTR Seagrass Fleming, LLC Delaware VTR Seagrass Port Orange, LLC Delaware VTR Seaside, LLC Delaware VTR Senior Living LLC Delaware VTR SH Mangrove Bay, LLC Delaware VTR Shaker, LLC Delaware VTR SHI Conveyance, LLC Delaware VTR SHI TRS, LLC Delaware VTR Sierra Vista Assisted Living, LLC Delaware VTR South Ogden, LLC Delaware VTR SouthCreek, LLC Delaware VTR Southlake, LLC Delaware VTR Spring Creek Inn, LLC Delaware VTR Springdale, LLC Delaware VTR SQ Holdings Corp. Delaware VTR SQ Interim Corp. Delaware VTR SQ, LLC Delaware VTR SRM Holdco, LLC Delaware VTR St. Matthews, LLC Delaware VTR Stamford, LLC Delaware VTR Stony Brook, LLC Delaware VTR Stratford, LLC Connecticut VTR Sturges Ridge, LLC Delaware VTR Summit Hills, LLC Delaware VTR Sunlake, LLC Delaware VTR Sunnyvale, LP California VTR Sutter Roseville, LLC Delaware VTR Sutton Terrace, LLC Delaware VTR Swap II LLC Delaware VTR Swap LLC Delaware VTR Tanglewood, LLC Delaware VTR Tarzana GP, LLC Delaware VTR Tarzana, LLC Delaware VTR Tarzana, LP Delaware 
 54 

VTR Temecula GP, LLC Delaware VTR Temecula Land, LLC Delaware VTR Temecula, LP Delaware VTR Texas Holdings GP II, LLC Delaware VTR Texas Holdings GP, LLC Delaware VTR Texas Holdings II, LP Texas VTR Texas Holdings, LP Texas VTR The Branches, LLC Delaware VTR Thunderbird Paseo Medical Plaza, LLC Delaware VTR Tinton Falls Corp. New Jersey VTR TRS Holdco, LLC Delaware VTR Tucker, LLC Delaware VTR Tyler South Broadway, LLC Delaware VTR UT Health Cedar Creek, LLC Delaware VTR UT Health East HOPE, LLC Delaware VTR UT Health East Jacksonville, LLC Delaware VTR UT Health East Mineola, LLC Delaware VTR UT Health East Olympic Pittsburg, LLC Delaware VTR UT Health East Rusk, LLC Delaware VTR UT Health Rehab Olympic, LLC Delaware VTR Vacaville MOB, LLC (f k a VTR Barret Avenue MOB, LLC) Delaware VTR Valley View, LP California VTR Villa Campana II, LLC Delaware VTR Visalia Assisted Living, LP Delaware VTR Vistas Longmont, LLC Delaware VTR Willow Glen, LP Delaware VTR Windsor Woods, LLC Delaware VTRAZ Manager, LLC Delaware VTR-EMRTS Holdings, LLC Delaware VTRLTH MAB I, LLC Delaware VTRLTH MAB II, LLC Delaware VTR-UCSC 3401 JV, LLC Delaware W27 Owner, LLC Delaware WE George Street Holding LLC Delaware WE George Street, L.L.C. Delaware West Medical Office I, LP South Carolina West Tennessee Investors, LLC Tennessee Wexford Bailey Manager, LLC Delaware Wexford Bailey MT, LLC Delaware Wexford Building 60 Manager, LLC Delaware Wexford Building 60 MT, LLC Delaware Wexford Building 90 Investment Fund, LLC Missouri Wexford Building 90 Manager, LLC Delaware 
 55 

Wexford Building 90 MT, LLC Delaware Wexford Chesterfield Building Manager, LLC Delaware Wexford Chesterfield Holding, LLC Delaware Wexford Chesterfield MT, LLC Delaware Wexford Durham Chesterfield GP, LLC Delaware Wexford Durham Chesterfield, LP Delaware Wexford Heritage Holding, LLC Delaware Wexford Heritage MT, LLC Delaware Wexford Heritage, LLC Delaware Wexford Miami Holding, LLC Delaware Wexford Miami, LLC Delaware Wexford UMB 2, LLC Maryland Wexford Winston-Salem Bailey GP, LLC Delaware Wexford Winston-Salem Bailey Holding, LLC Delaware Wexford Winston-Salem Bailey, LP Delaware Wexford Winston-Salem Building 60 GP, LLC Delaware Wexford Winston-Salem Building 60, LP Delaware Wexford Winston-Salem Building 90, LLC Delaware Wexford Winston-Salem Building 91, LLC Delaware Wexford Winston-Salem Holding 60, LLC Delaware Wexford Winston-Salem Holding 90, LLC Delaware Wexford-CV SSL Joint Venture, LLC Delaware Wexford-CV SSL Manager, LLC Delaware Wexford-SCEC 3675 Market Street JV, LLC Delaware Wexford-SCEC 3675 Market Street UT, LLC Delaware Wexford-SCEC 3675 Market Street, LLC Delaware Wexford-UCSC 3737 Joint Venture, LLC Delaware Wexford-UCSC 3737 Member, LLC Delaware Wexford-UCSC 3737, LLC Delaware Wexford-UCSC II, LP Delaware WG 86th Street SH, LLC Delaware WG Alden Place, LLC Delaware WG Alpharetta, LLC Delaware WG Aquidneck Place SH, LLC Delaware WG Arboretum, LLC Delaware WG Austell, LLC Delaware WG Bay Spring SH, LLC Delaware WG Baypoint Village SH, LLC Delaware WG Bayshore SH, LLC Delaware WG Bethlehem SH, LLC Delaware WG Briarcliff Manor SH, LLC Delaware WG Buckhead SH, LLC Delaware WG Burlingame SH, LP Delaware 
 56 

WG Campana Del Rio SH, LLC Delaware WG Carmichael Oaks, LP Delaware WG Carrollton SH, LLC Delaware WG Center City SH, LLC Delaware WG Chandler Villas SH, LLC Delaware WG Chateau Gardens SH, LP Delaware WG Chateau San Juan SH, LP Delaware WG CO GP, LLC Delaware WG Collwood Knolls SH, LP Delaware WG Copeland SH, LLC Delaware WG Countrywood, LP Delaware WG Covell SH GP, LLC Delaware WG Covell SH, LP Delaware WG Covina SH, LP Delaware WG Cranford SH, LLC Delaware WG Crossgate SH, LLC Delaware WG Crossroads Place, LLC Delaware WG Cutter Mill SH, LLC Delaware WG CW GP, LLC Delaware WG Cypresswood SH, LLC Delaware WG Daly City SH, LP Delaware WG Darien SH, LLC Delaware WG Del Rey SH GP, LP Delaware WG Del Rey SH, LP Delaware WG Del Sol SH GP, LLC Delaware WG Del Sol SH, LP Delaware WG Delmar Place, LLC Delaware WG Draper Place, LLC Delaware WG Durham GP, LLC Delaware WG Durham, LP Delaware WG East Northport SH, LLC Delaware WG El Camino Gardens SH, LP Delaware WG Elizabethtown SH, LLC Delaware WG Encinitas SH, LP Delaware WG Evergreen Woods SH, LLC Delaware WG Falmouth SH II, LLC Delaware WG Falmouth SH, LLC Delaware WG Forest Hills SH, LLC Delaware WG Forest Lake SH, LLC Delaware WG Garden Park, LP Delaware WG Glen Cove SH, LLC Delaware WG GO GP, LLC Delaware WG Golden Creek SH, LP Delaware 
 57 

WG Grand Oaks, LP Delaware WG Grapevine SH, LLC Delaware WG Great Neck SH, LLC Delaware WG Greece SH, LLC Delaware WG Greenridge Place, LLC Delaware WG Guilderland SH, LLC Delaware WG Hacienda SH, LP Delaware WG Hamilton Heights Place, LLC Delaware WG Harborhill Place SH, LLC Delaware WG Hearthstone East SH, LLC Delaware WG Hearthstone West SH, LLC Delaware WG Heritage LF, LLC Delaware WG Hertlin House, LLC Delaware WG Highland Crossing SH, LLC Delaware WG Hillcrest Inn SH, LP Delaware WG Hillsdale SH, LP Delaware WG Hudson SH, LLC Delaware WG Huntington SH, LLC Delaware WG Johnson Ferry SH, LLC Delaware WG Jupiter, LLC Delaware WG Kennebunk SH, LLC Delaware WG Kew Gardens SH, LLC Delaware WG Kinghaven SH, LLC Delaware WG Kingwood SH, LLC Delaware WG Larson Place, LLC Delaware WG Las Posas SH, LP Delaware WG Lincoln Place SH, LLC Delaware WG Longmeadow Place SH, LLC Delaware WG Lynbrook SH, LLC Delaware WG Manresa SH, LLC Delaware WG Marina Place, LLC Delaware WG Marland Place SH, LLC Delaware WG Merrimack Place, LLC Delaware WG Merrywood SH, LLC Delaware WG Montego Heights SH, LP Delaware WG Newburgh SH, LLC Delaware WG Oak Knoll, LP Delaware WG Palm Desert, Inc. California WG Penfield SH, LLC Delaware WG Plainview SH, LLC Delaware WG Plano, LLC Delaware WG Quail Ridge, LP Delaware WG Raleigh, LP Delaware 
 58 

WG Rancho Park SH, LP Delaware WG Regency SH, LLC Delaware WG Richardson SH, LLC Delaware WG Richland Hills, LLC Delaware WG Riverdale SH, LLC Delaware WG Roslyn, LLC Delaware WG Rye Brook SH, LLC Delaware WG Salisbury SH, LLC Delaware WG San Pablo SH, LLC Delaware WG Scottsdale, LLC Delaware WG Seville SH, LLC Delaware WG Shaker SH, LLC Delaware WG South Hills SH, LLC Delaware WG South Setauket SH, LLC Delaware WG Springdale SH, LLC Delaware WG St. Matthews SH, LLC Delaware WG Stamford SH, LLC Delaware WG Stony Brook SH, LLC Delaware WG Stratford SH, LLC Delaware WG Sugar Land SH, LLC Delaware WG Summit Hills SH, LLC Delaware WG Summit Ridge SH, LLC Delaware WG Sunlake SH, LLC Delaware WG Sunnyvale SH, LP Delaware WG Sutton Terrace SH, LLC Delaware WG Tamalpais Creek SH, LP Delaware WG Tanglewood SH, LLC Delaware WG Tarzana, LP Delaware WG Temecula, LP Delaware WG Tinton Falls SH, LLC Delaware WG Tucker, LLC Delaware WG Valley Manor SH, LLC (f k a VTR Valley Manor, LLC) Delaware WG Valley View SH, LP Delaware WG Villa Campana, LLC Delaware WG Virginia Beach SH, LLC Delaware WG Vistas Longmont, LLC Delaware WG Westchase SH, LLC Delaware WG Weston Place SH, LLC Delaware WG Willow Glen SH, LP Delaware WG Willow Park SH, LLC Delaware WG Windsor Woods SH, LLC Delaware WG Woodlands SH, LLC Delaware Whitby Retirement Group II Ltd. British Columbia 
 59 

Whitby Retirement Group Ltd. British Columbia Woodbriar Senior Living, LLC Delaware Woodlake Realty, LLC Delaware WWMLD Limited Liability Company Wisconsin WWMLD Opco, LLC Delaware Xenia Nominee LLC Delaware Xenia Nominee LP Delaware 

60 

</EX-21>

<EX-22>
 4
 vtr-ex22_123123.htm
 EX-22 GUARANTOR AND ISSUER LISTING

Document 

Exhibit 22 
 List of Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, Ventas, Inc. is the guarantor of the outstanding guaranteed debt securities of its subsidiaries, as listed below. 
 Debt Instrument Issuer 2.55 Senior Notes, Series D due 2023 Ventas Canada Finance Limited 3.50 Senior Notes due 2024 Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership 3.75 Senior Notes due 2024 Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership 4.125 Senior Notes, Series B due 2024 Ventas Canada Finance Limited 2.80 Senior Notes, Series E due 2024 Ventas Canada Finance Limited 3.50 Senior Notes due 2025 Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership 2.65 Senior Notes due 2025 Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership 4.125 Senior Notes due 2026 Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership 3.25 Senior Notes due 2026 Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership 2.45 Senior Notes, Series G due 2027 Ventas Canada Finance Limited 3.85 Senior Notes due 2027 Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership 4.00 Senior Notes due 2028 Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership 4.40 Senior Notes due 2029 Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership 3.00 Senior Notes due 2030 Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership 4.75 Senior Notes due 2030 
 Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership 2.50 Senior Notes due 2031 Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership 3.30 Senior Notes, Series H due 2031 Ventas Canada Finance Limited 5.70 Senior Notes due 2043 Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership 4.375 Senior Notes due 2045 Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership 4.875 Senior Notes due 2049 Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership 

</EX-22>

<EX-23>
 5
 vtr-ex23_123123.htm
 EX-23 CONSENT OF KPMG LLP.

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in 
 
 The Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-258177) pertaining to shares of Ventas, Inc. common stock issued in connection with the merger with New Senior Investment Group, Inc. 
 The Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-253415) pertaining to the common stock, preferred stock, depository shares, warrants, debt securities and guarantees of debt securities of Ventas, Inc. and debt securities and guarantees of debt securities of Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership 
 The Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-198789) pertaining to shares of Ventas, Inc. common stock issued in connection with the merger with American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust, Inc. 
 The Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-183121) pertaining to the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan 
 The Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-173434) pertaining to the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. 2005 Performance Incentive Plan, as Amended 
 The Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-136175) pertaining to the Ventas, Inc. 2006 Incentive Plan and Ventas, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan for Directors 
 The Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-126639) pertaining to the Ventas Employee and Director Stock Purchase Plan 
 The Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-118944) pertaining to the Ventas Executive Deferred Stock Compensation Plan and Ventas Non-Employee Directors Cash Compensation Deferral Plan 
 The Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-61552) pertaining to the Ventas, Inc. Common Stock Purchase Plan for Directors 
 The Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-267500) pertaining to the common stock of Ventas, Inc. 
 The Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-267498) pertaining to the Ventas, Inc. 2022 Incentive Plan 
 
 and in the related Prospectuses of Ventas, Inc. of our reports dated February 15, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and the related notes, and financial statement schedules III and IV of Ventas, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 15, 2024 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 vtr-ex311_123123.htm
 EX-31.1 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 I, Debra A. Cafaro, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ventas, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report, any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 15, 2024 
 s DEBRA A. CAFARO Debra A. Cafaro 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 vtr-ex312_123123.htm
 EX-31.2 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 I, Robert F. Probst, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ventas, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report, any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 15, 2024 
 s ROBERT F. PROBST Robert F. Probst 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 vtr-ex321_123123.htm
 EX-32.1 SECTION 906 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ventas, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 15, 2024 
 s DEBRA A. CAFARO Debra A. Cafaro 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 vtr-ex322_123123.htm
 EX-32.2 SECTION 906 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ventas, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robert F. Probst, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 15, 2024 
 s ROBERT F. PROBST Robert F. Probst 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97>
 10
 vtr-ex97_122323.htm
 EX-97 VENTAS, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED POLICY FOR RECOUPMENT OF INCENTIVE COMP

Document 
 AS APPROVED AND ADOPTED 
 OCTOBER 12, 2023 

 VENTAS INC. 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 POLICY FOR RECOUPMENT OF INCENTIVE COMPENSATION 
 This Amended and Restated Policy for Recoupment of Incentive Compensation Policy has been adopted by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of Ventas Inc. (the Company on October 12, 2023 with effect on December 1, 2023. This Policy provides for the recoupment of certain executive compensation in the event of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under U.S. federal securities laws in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. This Policy is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act (as defined below) and Section 303A.14 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual (the Listing Rule ). 
 
 1. Definitions . For the purposes of this Policy, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below. 
 
 (a) Committee means the compensation committee of the Board or any successor committee thereof. 
 
 (b) Covered Compensation means any Incentive-based Compensation received by a Covered Executive during the applicable Recoupment Period provided that 
 (i) such Incentive-based Compensation was received by such Covered Executive (A) on or after the Effective Date, (B) after he or she commenced service as an Executive Officer and (C) while the Company had a class of securities publicly listed on a United States national securities exchange and 
 
 (ii) such Covered Executive served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period applicable to such Incentive-based Compensation. 
 
 For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-based Compensation is received by a Covered Executive during the fiscal period in which the Financial Reporting Measure applicable to such Incentive-based Compensation (or portion thereof) is attained, even if the payment or grant of such Incentive-based Compensation is made thereafter. 
 
 (c) Covered Executive means any current or former Executive Officer. 
 (d) Effective Date means October 2, 2023. 
 
 (e) Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (f) Executive Officer means, with respect to the Company, (i) its president, (ii) its principal financial officer, (iii) its principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, its controller), (iv) any vice-president in charge of a principal business unit, division or function (such as sales, administration or finance), (v) any other officer who performs a policy-making function for the Company (including any officer of the Company s parent(s) or subsidiaries if they perform policy-making functions for the Company) and (vi) any other person who performs similar policy-making functions for the Company. Policy-making function is not intended to include policy-making functions that are not significant. The determination as to an individual s status as an Executive Officer shall be made by the Committee and such determination shall be final, conclusive and binding on such individual and all other interested persons. 
 (g) Financial Reporting Measure means any (i) measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, (ii) stock price measure or (iii) total shareholder return measure (and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from any measure referenced in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above). For the avoidance of doubt, any such measure does not need to be presented within the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to constitute a Financial Reporting Measure. 
 (h) Financial Restatement means a restatement of the Company s financial statements due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under U.S. federal securities laws that is required in order to correct 
 (i) an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements or 

(ii) an error that would result in a material misstatement if the error were (A) corrected in the current period or (B) left uncorrected in the current period. 
 
 For purposes of this Policy, a Financial Restatement shall not be deemed to occur in the event of a revision of the Company s financial statements due to an out-of-period adjustment (i.e., when the error is immaterial to the previously issued financial statements and the correction of the error is also immaterial to the current period) or a retrospective (1) application of a change in accounting principles (2) revision to reportable segment information due to a change in the structure of the Company s internal organization (3) reclassification due to a discontinued operation (4) application of a change in reporting entity, such as from a reorganization of entities under common control or (5) revision for stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends or other changes in capital structure. 
 
 (i) Incentive-based Compensation means any compensation (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any cash or equity or equity-based compensation, whether deferred or current) that is granted, earned and or vested based wholly or in part upon the achievement of a Financial Reporting Measure. For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-based Compensation shall also be deemed to include any amounts which were determined based on (or were otherwise calculated by reference to) Incentive-based Compensation (including, without limitation, any amounts under any long-term disability, life insurance or supplemental retirement or severance plan or agreement or any notional account that is based on Incentive-based Compensation, as well as any earnings accrued thereon). 
 (j) NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange, or any successor thereof. 
 
 (k) Recoupment Period means the three fiscal years completed immediately preceding the date of any applicable Recoupment Trigger Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Recoupment Period additionally includes any transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years, provided that a transition period between the last day of the Company s previous fiscal year end and the first day of its new fiscal year that comprises a period of nine (9) to twelve (12) months would be deemed a completed fiscal year. 
 (l) Recoupment Trigger Date means the earlier of (i) the date that the Board (or a committee thereof or the officer(s) of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required) concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare a Financial Restatement, and (ii) the date on which a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Financial Restatement. 
 
 2. Recoupment of Erroneously Awarded Compensation . 
 
 (a) In the event of a Financial Restatement, if the amount of any Covered Compensation received by a Covered Executive (the Awarded Compensation exceeds the amount of such Covered Compensation that would have otherwise been received by such Covered Executive if calculated based on the Financial Restatement (the Adjusted Compensation ), the Company shall reasonably promptly recover from such Covered Executive an amount equal to the excess of the Awarded Compensation over the Adjusted Compensation, each calculated on a pre-tax basis (such excess amount, the Erroneously Awarded Compensation ). 
 (b) If (i) the Financial Reporting Measure applicable to the relevant Covered Compensation is stock price or total shareholder return (or any measure derived wholly or in part from either of such measures) and (ii) the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the Financial Restatement, then the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation shall be determined (on a pre-tax basis) based on the Company s reasonable estimate of the effect of the Financial Restatement on the Company s stock price or total shareholder return (or the derivative measure thereof) upon which such Covered Compensation was received. 
 (c) For the avoidance of doubt, the Company s obligation to recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not dependent on (i) if or when the restated financial statements are filed or (ii) any fault of any Covered Executive for the accounting errors or other actions leading to a Financial Restatement. 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Sections 2(a) through (c) hereof, the Company shall not be required to recover any Erroneously Awarded Compensation if both (x) the conditions set forth in either of the following clauses (i) or (ii) are satisfied and (y) the Committee (or a majority of the independent directors serving on the Board) has determined that recovery of the Erroneously Awarded Compensation would be impracticable 
 
 (i) the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing the recovery of the Erroneously Awarded Compensation under this Policy would exceed the amount of such Erroneously 
 2 

Awarded Compensation to be recovered provided that, before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation pursuant to this Section 2(d), the Company shall have first made a reasonable attempt to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s) to make such recovery and provide that documentation to the NYSE or 
 
 (ii) recovery of the Erroneously Awarded Compensation would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of Sections 401(a)(13) or 411(a) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
 
 (e) The Company shall not indemnify any Covered Executive, directly or indirectly, for any losses that such Covered Executive may incur in connection with the recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation pursuant to this Policy, including through the payment of insurance premiums or gross-up payments. 
 
 (f) The Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion, the manner and timing in which any Erroneously Awarded Compensation shall be recovered from a Covered Executive in accordance with applicable law, including, without limitation, by (i) requiring reimbursement of Covered Compensation previously paid in cash (ii) seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer or other disposition of any equity or equity-based awards (iii) offsetting the Erroneously Awarded Compensation amount from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company or any of its affiliates to the Covered Executive (iv) cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity or equity-based awards and or (v) taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, except as set forth in Section 2(d), in no event may the Company accept an amount that is less than the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation provided that, to the extent necessary to avoid any adverse tax consequences to the Covered Executive pursuant to Section 409A of the Code, any offsets against amounts under any nonqualified deferred compensation plans (as defined under Section 409A of the Code) shall be made in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 3. Administration . This Policy shall be administered by the Committee. All decisions of the Committee shall be final, conclusive and binding upon the Company and the Covered Executives, their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators and any other legal representative. The Committee shall have full power and authority to (i) administer and interpret this Policy (ii) correct any defect, supply any omission and reconcile any inconsistency in this Policy and (iii) make any other determination and take any other action that the Committee deems necessary or desirable for the administration of this Policy and to comply with applicable law (including Section 10D of the Exchange Act) and applicable stock market or exchange rules and regulations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, to the extent permitted by Section 10D of the Exchange Act and the Listing Rule, the Board may, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, administer this Policy in the same manner as the Committee. 
 
 4. Amendment Termination . Subject to Section 10D of the Exchange Act and the Listing Rule, this Policy may be amended or terminated by the Committee at any time. To the extent that any applicable law, or stock market or exchange rules or regulations require recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation in circumstances in addition to those specified herein, nothing in this Policy shall be deemed to limit or restrict the right or obligation of the Company to recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the fullest extent required by such applicable law, stock market or exchange rules and regulations. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, this Policy shall no longer be effective from and after the date that the Company no longer has a class of securities publicly listed on a United States national securities exchange. 
 
 5. Interpretation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Policy is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and the Listing Rule (and any applicable regulations, administrative interpretations or stock market or exchange rules and regulations adopted in connection therewith). The provisions of this Policy shall be interpreted in a manner that satisfies such requirements and this Policy shall be operated accordingly. If any provision of this Policy would otherwise frustrate or conflict with this intent, the provision shall be interpreted and deemed amended so as to avoid such conflict. 
 6. Other Compensation Clawback Recoupment Rights . Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies, rights or requirements with respect to the clawback or recoupment of any compensation that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any other recoupment or clawback policy of the Company (or any of its affiliates) that may be in effect from time to time, any provisions in any employment agreement, offer letter, equity plan, equity award agreement or similar plan or agreement, and any other legal remedies available to the Company, as well as applicable law, stock market or exchange rules, listing standards or regulations provided , however , that any amounts recouped or clawed back under any other policy that would be recoupable under this Policy shall count toward any required clawback or recoupment under this Policy and vice versa. 
 3 

7. Exempt Compensation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company has no obligation under this Policy to seek recoupment of amounts paid to a Covered Executive which are granted, vested or earned based solely upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of nonfinancial events. Such exempt compensation includes, without limitation, base salary, time-vesting awards, compensation awarded on the basis of the achievement of metrics that are not Financial Reporting Measures or compensation awarded solely at the discretion of the Committee or the Board, provided that such amounts are in no way contingent on, and were not in any way granted on the basis of, the achievement of any Financial Reporting Measure performance goal. 
 8. Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) Any applicable award agreement or other document setting forth the terms and conditions of any compensation covered by this Policy shall be deemed to include the restrictions imposed herein and incorporate this Policy by reference and, in the event of any inconsistency, the terms of this Policy will govern. For the avoidance of doubt, this Policy applies to all compensation that is received on or after the Effective Date, regardless of the date on which the award agreement or other document setting forth the terms and conditions of the Covered Executive s compensation became effective, including, without limitation, compensation received under the Ventas, Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan or the Ventas, Inc. 2022 Incentive Plan , and any successor plan to each of the foregoing. 
 
 (b) This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 
 (c) All issues concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Policy and all related documents, including, without limitation, any employment agreement, offer letter, equity award agreement or similar agreement, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. 
 (d) The Covered Executives, their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators and any other legal representative and the Company shall initially attempt to resolve all claims, disputes or controversies arising under, out of or in connection with this Policy by conducting good faith negotiations amongst themselves. To ensure the timely and economical resolution of disputes that arise in connection with this Policy, any and all disputes, claims or causes of action arising from or relating to the enforcement, performance or interpretation of this Policy shall be resolved to the fullest extent permitted by law by final, binding and confidential arbitration, by a single arbitrator, in Chicago, Illinois, conducted by Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. JAMS under the applicable JAMS rules. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Covered Executives, their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators and any other legal representative and the Company, shall waive (and shall hereby be deemed to have waived) (1) the right to resolve any such dispute through a trial by jury or judge or administrative proceeding and (2) any objection to arbitration taking place in Chicago, Illinois. The arbitrator shall (i) have the authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute and to award such relief as would otherwise be permitted by law and (ii) issue a written arbitration decision, to include the arbitrator s essential findings and conclusions and a statement of the award. The arbitrator shall be authorized to award any or all remedies that any party would be entitled to seek in a court of law. Any such award rendered shall be enforceable by any court having jurisdiction and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Covered Executives, their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators and any other legal representative and the Company shall waive (and shall hereby be deemed to have waived) the right to resolve any such dispute regarding enforcement of such award through a trial by jury. 
 (e) If any provision of this Policy is determined to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such provision will be applied to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and shall automatically be deemed amended in a manner consistent with its objectives to the extent necessary to conform to any limitations required under applicable law. 

4 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 vtr-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 vtr-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 vtr-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 vtr-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 vtr-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

