<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240227_10-K_edgar_data_750004_0000750004-24-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16638063</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>726912</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3729779</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5762114</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3322897</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2755509</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>21</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000750004-24-000015.hdr.sgml : 20240227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240227164043
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000750004-24-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		162
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Light & Wonder, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000750004
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				810422894
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11693
		FILM NUMBER:		24687672

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6601 BERMUDA ROAD
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7028977150

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6601 BERMUDA ROAD
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010427

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AUTOTOTE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITED TOTE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920317

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000750004-24-000015.txt : 20240227

10-K
 1
 lnw-20231231.htm
 10-K

lnw-20231231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2023, the market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was . 
 Common stock outstanding as of February 23, 2024 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the registrant s proxy statement relating to the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III. The proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the conclusion of the registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 6 
 Item 1. Business 
 8 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 18 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 45 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 45 
 Item 2. Properties 
 46 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 46 
 PART II 
 47 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 47 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 48 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 49 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 65 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 66 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 66 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 66 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 69 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 69 
 PART III 
 69 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 69 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 69 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 69 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 69 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 69 
 PART IV 
 70 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 70 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 119 
 
 3 

Glossary of Terms 
 The following terms or acronyms used in this Form 10-K are defined below: 
 Term or Acronym Definition 2025 Unsecured Notes 8.625 senior unsecured notes due 2025 issued by LNWI 2028 Unsecured Notes 7.000 senior unsecured notes due 2028 issued by LNWI 2029 Unsecured Notes 7.250 senior unsecured notes due 2029 issued by LNWI 2031 Unsecured Notes 7.500 senior unsecured notes due 2031 issued by LNWI AEBITDA Adjusted EBITDA, our primary performance measure of profit or loss for our business segments April 2022 Refinancing The series of refinancing transactions we completed in April 2022, in which we entered into the LNWI Credit Agreement containing the LNWI Revolver and LNWI Term Loan B, and we redeemed the LNWI Term Loan B-5, 2025 Secured Notes, 2026 Secured Euro Notes, 2026 Unsecured Euro Notes and 2026 Unsecured Notes ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update ASX Australian Securities Exchange CDIs CHESS Depositary Interests, instruments traded on the ASX CMS casino-management system Coin-in the amount wagered COVID-19 Coronavirus disease first identified in 2019 (declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020), the resulting pandemic and the associated impacts on the macroeconomic environment in general and our business environment specifically D A depreciation, amortization and impairments (excluding goodwill) Divested Businesses or Divestitures The Lottery Business and Sports Betting Business combined or the sales of these, as appropriate within the context ETS electronic table system Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board KPIs Key Performance Indicators L W Light Wonder, Inc. LAP local-area progressive LBO licensed betting office LNWI Light and Wonder International, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of L W and successor to Scientific Games International, Inc. LNWI Credit Agreement That certain credit agreement, dated as of April 14, 2022, among LNWI, as the borrower, L W, as a guarantor, the lenders from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Swingline Lender, BofA Securities, Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Fifth Third Bank, National Association, Barclays Bank PLC, Citizens Bank, N.A., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Royal Bank of Canada, Truist Securities, Inc., Credit Suisse Loan Funding LLC and Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. as Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time 
 LNWI Revolver Revolving credit facility with aggregate commitments of 750 million extended pursuant to the LNWI Credit Agreement LNWI Term Loan B Term loan facility, issued pursuant to the LNWI Credit Agreement Lottery Business Our prior operating business segment that provided instant and draw based lottery products, lottery systems and lottery content and services to lottery operators wagering solutions to various gaming entities. This business segment was divested during the second quarter of 2022 and is included in discontinued operations in our financial statements Net win Coin-in less payouts Note a note in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless otherwise indicated NOL net operating loss Participation refers to gaming machines provided to customers through service or leasing arrangements in which we earn revenues and are paid based on: (1) a percentage of the amount wagered less payouts; (2) fixed daily-fees; (3) a percentage of the amount wagered; or (4) a combination of (2) and (3) PTG proprietary table games R D research and development RMG real-money gaming RSU restricted stock unit SciPlay SciPlay Corporation and/or our SciPlay business segment, as appropriate within the context SEC Securities and Exchange Commission 
 4 

Term or Acronym Definition Securities Act Securities Act of 1933, as amended Senior Notes or Unsecured Notes refers to the 2028 Unsecured Notes, 2029 Unsecured Notes and 2031 Unsecured Notes, collectively SG A selling, general and administrative Shufflers various models of automatic card shufflers, deck checkers and roulette chip sorters SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate Sports Betting Business Our prior line of business that provided sports betting services which enable customers to operate sports books, including betting markets across both fixed-odds and pari-mutual betting styles, a distribution platform, full gaming process support services and brand and player management. This business was divested during the third quarter of 2022 and is included in discontinued operations in our financial statements U.S. GAAP accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. U.S. jurisdictions the 50 states in the U.S. plus the District of Columbia, U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico VAT value-added tax VGT video gaming terminal VLT video lottery terminal WAP wide-area progressive 
 Intellectual Property Rights 
 All notices signify marks registered in the United States. 2024 Light Wonder, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 The MONOPOLY name and logo, the distinctive design of the game board, the four corner squares, the MR. MONOPOLY name and character, as well as each of the distinctive elements of the board, cards, and the playing pieces are trademarks of Hasbro for its property trading game and game equipment and are used with permission. 1935, 2024 Hasbro. All Rights Reserved. Licensed by Hasbro. 
 and James Bond indicia 1962-2024 Danjaq, LLC and MGM. and all other James Bond related trademarks are trademarks of Danjaq, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 
 
 5 

PART I 
 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements describe future expectations, plans, results or strategies and can often be identified by the use of terminology such as may, will, estimate, intend, plan, continue, believe, expect, anticipate, target, should, could, potential, opportunity, goal, or similar terminology. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are generally located in the material set forth under the headings Business , Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations but may be found in other locations as well. These statements are based upon management s current expectations, assumptions and estimates and are not guarantees of timing, future results or performance. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors, including, among other things: 
 our inability to successfully execute our strategy; 
 slow growth of new gaming jurisdictions, slow addition of casinos in existing jurisdictions and declines in the replacement cycle of gaming machines; 
 risks relating to foreign operations, including anti-corruption laws, fluctuations in currency rates, restrictions on the payment of dividends from earnings, restrictions on the import of products and financial instability; 
 difficulty predicting what impact, if any, new tariffs imposed by and other trade actions taken by the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions could have on our business; 
 U.S. and international economic and industry conditions, including increases in benchmark interest rates and the effects of inflation; 
 public perception of our response to environmental, social and governance issues; 
 the effects of health epidemics, contagious disease outbreaks and public perception thereof; 
 changes in, or the elimination of, our share repurchase program; 
 resulting pricing variations and other impacts of our common stock being listed to trade on more than one stock exchange; 
 level of our indebtedness, higher interest rates, availability or adequacy of cash flows and liquidity to satisfy indebtedness, other obligations or future cash needs; 
 inability to further reduce or refinance our indebtedness; 
 restrictions and covenants in debt agreements, including those that could result in acceleration of the maturity of our indebtedness; 
 competition; 
 inability to win, retain or renew, or unfavorable revisions of, existing contracts, and the inability to enter into new contracts; 
 risks and uncertainties of potential changes in U.K. gaming legislation, including any new or revised licensing and taxation regimes, responsible gambling requirements and/or sanctions on unlicensed providers; 
 inability to adapt to, and offer products that keep pace with, evolving technology, including any failure of our investment of significant resources in our R D efforts; 
 the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted following completion of the SciPlay Merger (as defined below); 
 failure to retain key management and employees; 
 unpredictability and severity of catastrophic events, including but not limited to acts of terrorism, war, armed conflicts or hostilities, the impact such events may have on our customers, suppliers, employees, consultants, business partners or operations, as well as management s response to any of the aforementioned factors; 
 changes in demand for our products and services; 
 dependence on suppliers and manufacturers; 
 SciPlay s dependence on certain key providers; 
 ownership changes and consolidation in the gaming industry; 
 fluctuations in our results due to seasonality and other factors; 
 risks as a result of being publicly traded in the United States and Australia, including price variations and other impacts relating to the secondary listing of the Company s common stock on the ASX; 
 6 

the possibility that we may be unable to achieve expected operational, strategic and financial benefits of the SciPlay Merger; 
 security and integrity of our products and systems, including the impact of any security breaches or cyber-attacks; 
 protection of our intellectual property, inability to license third-party intellectual property and the intellectual property rights of others; 
 reliance on or failures in information technology and other systems; 
 litigation and other liabilities relating to our business, including litigation and liabilities relating to our contracts and licenses, our products and systems, our employees (including labor disputes), intellectual property, environmental laws and our strategic relationships; 
 reliance on technological blocking systems; 
 challenges or disruptions relating to the completion of the domestic migration to our enterprise resource planning system; 
 laws and government regulations, both foreign and domestic, including those relating to gaming, data privacy and security, including with respect to the collection, storage, use, transmission and protection of personal information and other consumer data, and environmental laws, and those laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the internet, including online gambling; 
 legislative interpretation and enforcement, regulatory perception and regulatory risks with respect to gaming, especially internet wagering and social gaming; 
 changes in tax laws or tax rulings, or the examination of our tax positions; 
 opposition to legalized gaming or the expansion thereof and potential restrictions on internet wagering; 
 significant opposition in some jurisdictions to interactive social gaming, including social casino gaming and how such opposition could lead these jurisdictions to adopt legislation or impose a regulatory framework to govern interactive social gaming or social casino gaming specifically, and how this could result in a prohibition on interactive social gaming or social casino gaming altogether, restrict our ability to advertise our games, or substantially increase our costs to comply with these regulations; 
 expectations of shift to regulated digital gaming; 
 inability to develop successful products and services and capitalize on trends and changes in our industries, including the expansion of internet and other forms of digital gaming; 
 the continuing evolution of the scope of data privacy and security regulations, and our belief that the adoption of increasingly restrictive regulations in this area is likely within the U.S. and other jurisdictions; 
 incurrence of restructuring costs; 
 goodwill impairment charges including changes in estimates or judgments related to our impairment analysis of goodwill or other intangible assets; 
 stock price volatility; 
 failure to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting; 
 dependence on key executives; 
 natural events that disrupt our operations, or those of our customers, suppliers or regulators; and 
 expectations of growth in total consumer spending on social casino gaming. 
 Additional information regarding risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in forward-looking statements is included from time to time in our filings with the SEC, including under Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and, except for our ongoing obligations under the U.S. federal securities laws, we undertake no and expressly disclaim any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 You should also note that this Annual Report on Form 10-K may contain references to industry market data and certain industry forecasts. Industry market data and industry forecasts are obtained from publicly available information and industry publications. Industry publications generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but that the accuracy and completeness of that information is not guaranteed. Although we believe industry information to be accurate, it is not independently verified by us and we do not make any representation as to the accuracy of that information. In general, we believe there is less publicly available information concerning the international gaming, social and digital gaming industries than the same industries in the U.S. 
 Due to rounding, certain numbers presented herein may not precisely recalculate. 
 7 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise indicates, all references to the words Light Wonder, Light Wonder, Inc., we, us, our and the Company refer to L W and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 General 
 L W is a leading cross-platform global games company with a focus on content and digital markets headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada. Our portfolio of revenue-generating activities primarily includes supplying game content and gaming machines, CMSs and table game products and services to licensed gaming entities; providing social casino and other mobile games, including casual gaming, to retail customers; and providing a comprehensive suite of digital gaming content, distribution platforms, player account management systems, as well as various other iGaming content and services. We report our results of operations in three business segments Gaming, SciPlay and iGaming representing our different products and services. 
 On October 23, 2023, we acquired the remaining approximately 17 equity interest in SciPlay not already owned by us pursuant to a merger (the SciPlay Merger ), after which SciPlay ceased to be publicly traded and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of L W. The SciPlay Merger has added further momentum to our cross-platform strategy and provided flexibility for use of cash flows for investments across the enterprise. 
 Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market under the ticker symbol LNW. Our common stock is also listed as CDIs on the ASX and commenced active trading on May 22, 2023 (AEST) under the ticker symbol LNW. 
 During 2022, we completed the sales of our former Lottery Business and Sports Betting Business, which marked a major milestone in transforming our business and deleveraging our balance sheet. We have reflected the prior period financial results of the Divested Businesses as discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Unless otherwise noted, amounts and disclosures included herein relate to our continuing operations. 
 
 Strategy 
 We strive to provide high quality products and services to our customers across all of our business segments. After the completion of our strategic review in 2021, we set forth our strategy to become a leading cross-platform global games company with a focus on content and digital markets. We established a strategic roadmap to drive long-term value that consists of: (i) growing our market share and leveraging our differentiated position; (ii) streamlining our organization; (iii) driving sustainable growth and maintaining a healthy balance sheet; and (iv) a disciplined capital allocation strategy. With our streamlined organization and vision to be the leading cross-platform global games company, we are focused on the following, supporting our strategic roadmap: 
 Creating great content and franchises fully cross-platform and enabling a seamless player experience We are singularly focused on creating great games and evergreen franchises that can be made available to players on any platform they want to play and enabling systems and technology for our players and customers. 
 Expanding in high-return markets We are investing organically and inorganically in our core markets and strategic adjacencies that generate strong long-term cash-based returns. 
 Maximizing cash flow from operations With our de-levered balance sheet, we are able to invest organically and inorganically in our core growth areas, accelerating our strategies by investing and unlocking shareholder value. 
 Disciplined capital allocation We are focused on returning capital to shareholders through our balanced and opportunistic capital allocation management, including, but not limited to, organic investments in R D and capital expenditures, expanding in high-return markets, and share repurchases, while we maintain financial strength and flexibility. 
 High performing talent and culture We are creating an organization and culture of high performance by building a strong and diverse global team that cultivates open minds and focuses on driving innovation and enabling an efficient and flexible operation that is structured to support our business strategies. 
 
 Gaming Segment 
 The gaming industry is characterized by the continuous development of new technologies, products and game content. Gaming products and services are used by a diverse group of gaming operators and U.S. and international lotteries which may offer VLTs and other forms of gaming, such as bingo and sports wagering. 
 8 

Our products are installed in all of the major regulated U.S. gaming jurisdictions and authorized in approximately 173 international gaming jurisdictions. Growth of gaming in land-based venues is driven by the opening of new casinos in both new and existing jurisdictions and the expansion of existing casinos. In addition, the land-based gaming business is significantly impacted by the rate at which casinos and other gaming operators replace their gaming machines, which depends on a number of factors, including their capital budgets. Virtually all sectors of the gaming industry are impacted by changes in economic conditions that impact players disposable incomes. 
 A substantial portion of our U.K. gaming business benefits from a contract with the large U.K. bookmaker Entain PLC, which represents a significant portion of our U.K. LBO server-based gaming business. 
 
 Competition 
 The gaming machine sector is highly competitive and is characterized by the continuous introduction of new games, gaming machines and related technologies. We compete primarily with Ainsworth Game Technology Ltd., Aristocrat Leisure Ltd., Aristocrat ), Aruze Gaming America, Inc., Bluberi Gaming USA, Inc., Everi Games, Inc., Incredible Technologies, Inc., International Game Technology IGT (a subsidiary of International Game Technology PLC), Inspired Entertainment Inc., Konami Digital Entertainment, Inc. Konami ), the Novomatic Group of Companies, Interblock Gaming, and Play AGS , Inc. AGS ). 
 The CMS business is also highly competitive. Product features and functionality, accuracy, reliability, service level and pricing are among the factors that determine how successful systems providers are in selling their systems. Our principal competitors in CMSs include Aristocrat, IGT and Konami. Competition for these products is intense due to the number of providers and the limited number of casinos and jurisdictions in which they operate. 
 With respect to our table products, we compete on the basis of the breadth of our Shuffler products and services and PTGs, product reliability, service, the strength of our intellectual property and our extensive sales, regulatory and distribution channels. 
 Our automated Shufflers also compete against hand shuffling, which remains the most competitive shuffling option for casino card games around the world. Finally, since the need for our Shuffler products depends upon a casino s use of live table games, our Shufflers also compete against any products that live table games compete against. 
 Competition for PTG content is based on player appeal, brand recognition, price and the strength of the underlying intellectual property. We compete on this basis and on the strength of our extensive sales, service, marketing and distribution channels. We also compete with non-PTGs such as blackjack and baccarat and several companies that primarily develop and license PTGs such as AGS, Galaxy Gaming, Inc. and Masque Publishing, Inc. Finally, some of our product lines may compete against one another for space on the casino floor. 
 
 SciPlay Segment 
 SciPlay is a leading developer and publisher of digital games on mobile and web platforms. SciPlay operates primarily in the social gaming market, which is characterized by gameplay online or on mobile devices that is social, competitive and self-directed in pace and session length. SciPlay also operates in the hyper-casual space, which is characterized by simpler core loops and more repetitive gameplay than casual games. SciPlay generates a substantial portion of its revenue from in-app purchases in the form of virtual coins, chips and cards, which players can use to play slot games, table games or bingo games. Players who install SciPlay s games typically receive free coins, chips or cards upon the initial launch of the game and additional free coins, chips or cards at specific time intervals. Players may exhaust the coins, chips or cards that they receive for free and may choose to purchase additional coins, chips or cards in order to extend their time of game play. Once obtained, coins, chips and cards (either free or purchased) cannot be redeemed for cash nor exchanged for anything other than game play within SciPlay s apps. SciPlay generates additional revenue through advertising arrangements in SciPlay s hyper-casual games. Players who install SciPlay s hyper-casual games receive free, unlimited gameplay that requires viewing of periodic in-game advertisements. 
 SciPlay currently offers a variety of social casino games, including JACKPOT PARTY Casino , GOLD FISH Casino , QUICK HIT Slots , 88 FORTUNES Slots , MONOPOLY Slots and HOT SHOT CASINO . SciPlay continues to pursue its strategy of expanding into the online and mobile games market. Current casual game titles include BINGO SHOWDOWN and Backgammon Live as well as other titles in the hyper-casual space, including games such as CANDY CHALLENGE 3D , BOSS LIFE and DEEP CLEAN INC. 3D . SciPlay continually develops and tests various new games. SciPlay s social casino games typically include slots-style game play and occasionally include table games-style game play, while its casual games blend solitaire-style or bingo game play with adventure game features, and its hyper-casual games include many simple core loop mechanics. All of SciPlay s games are offered and played across multiple platforms, including APPLE , GOOGLE , FACEBOOK , AMAZON , and MICROSOFT . SciPlay launched a proprietary in-app purchase platform during 2023, with the 
 9 

goals of improving players experience and reducing costs of revenue given the lower payment processing fees and other related expenses for in-app purchases made through the proprietary platform, as compared to the platform fee charged by third-party platforms. Currently, revenue generated via the proprietary platform is not material. In addition to original game content, SciPlay s content library includes recognizable game content across our other platforms within Gaming and iGaming. This content allows players who like playing land-based game content to enjoy some of those same titles in SciPlay s free-to-play games. SciPlay has access to a library of more than 1,500 iconic casino titles, including titles and content from third-party licensed brands such as MONOPOLY and JAMES BOND . SciPlay s access to this content, coupled with years of experience developing in-house content, uniquely positions SciPlay to create compelling digital games. 
 A number of trends and opportunities are driving significant changes in digital gaming, which we believe are causing growth in the online and mobile games market and providing opportunities for SciPlay to grow our social casino games and expand into other areas of the online and mobile games market, such as: 
 Digital gaming is an engaging form of entertainment; 
 Mobile devices are a leading medium to consume content such as games; 
 Increasing number of players with the emergence of casual games; 
 Scale is increasingly strategic in order to succeed in mobile gaming; 
 Social casino gaming is an attractive market within digital gaming; and 
 Additional market opportunities within the broader mobile gaming landscape. 
 
 Competition 
 Our SciPlay business segment faces significant competition in all aspects of its business. SciPlay s primary social casino game competitors include Playtika, Playstudios, Product Madness/Big Fish Games (subsidiaries of Aristocrat), DoubleU Games Co., Ltd/Double Down Interactive, GSN Games/Bash Gaming (subsidiaries of Scopely, Inc.), AppLovin Corporation and Huuuge Games. SciPlay s competitors in the broader social game market include Activision Blizzard, Electronic Arts, Kabam, Take-Two Interactive, Tencent Holdings and Rovio. SciPlay also competes with platforms that host real money gambling, including those provided by our iGaming business segment. On the broadest scale, we compete for the leisure time, attention and discretionary spending of our players versus other forms of online entertainment, including social media and other video games, on the basis of a number of factors, including quality of player experience, brand awareness and reputation and access to distribution channels. 
 
 iGaming Segment 
 Our iGaming business segment provides a comprehensive suite of digital gaming content, distribution platforms, player account management systems, as well as various other iGaming content and services. The majority of our revenue is derived from casino-style game content, including a wide variety of internally developed and branded games as well as popular third-party provider games. These games are made available to iGaming operators via content aggregation platforms, including our Open Gaming System network that connects players with studios and operators globally, remote gaming servers and various other platforms. We also provide our Open Platform System OPS ), a player account management system which offers a wide range of reporting and administrative functions and tools providing operators full control over all areas of digital gaming operations. Generally, we host the play of our game content which is integrated with the online casino operators websites. We also offer live casino services and are positioned to do so in more jurisdictions that may authorize online gaming in the future. 
 
 Competition 
 In our iGaming business, we compete for the discretionary spending of consumers with other digital gaming entertainment companies that offer real-money digital casino games. Our primary real-money online casino games competitors include Evolution Gaming, Games Global, IGT, and Playtech. We also compete for the leisure time and attention of our players versus other forms of online gaming and entertainment, on the basis of a number of factors, including quality of player experience, brand awareness and reputation and access to distribution channels. 
 
 Research and Development 
 We believe our ability to attract new Gaming, SciPlay and iGaming customers and retain existing customers depends in part on our ability to evolve and continue to develop our product lines and service offerings by continually developing differentiated products, hardware and systems technology and functionality to enhance player entertainment and/or customer profitability. Additionally, our ability to execute on our strategy (see above) is highly dependent on developing great game content and franchises across all three of our segments along with expanding the use of digital technologies to increase cross- 
 10 

platform play. Our gaming machines are usually designed and programmed by our internal engineering staff, and our game content is designed primarily by internal game development studios who consider market trends and customer feedback. 
 We have Gaming R D personnel primarily located in our Las Vegas, Nevada; Chicago, Illinois and Bangalore, India facilities. We have SciPlay personnel located primarily in Austin, Texas; Cedar Falls, Iowa; and Tel Aviv, Israel. We have iGaming R D personnel based primarily in the United Kingdom, Greece and India. We also have game development studios in Las Vegas; Sydney, Australia; Bristol, England; Montreal, Canada; Stockholm, Sweden and additional R D staff in Reno, Nevada and in various other smaller locations. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 Many of our products use intellectual property rights, including trademarks, trade dress, copyrights, patents and trade secrets. We consider our intellectual property rights to be, in the aggregate, material to our business. We protect our investment in R D by seeking intellectual property protection as appropriate for our technologies and content. We also acquire and license intellectual property from third parties. 
 The terms of our patents vary based on the type of patent and the date and jurisdiction of filing or grant. The term of U.S. design patents expires 15 years from the date of grant, and the term of utility patents generally expires 20 years from the date of filing of the first non-provisional patent application in a family of patents. The actual protection afforded by a patent depends upon the type of patent, the scope of its coverage and the availability of legal remedies in the applicable country. Certain technologies, which are material to our businesses, are the subject of patents issued and patent applications currently pending in the U.S. and certain other countries. Our Gaming, SciPlay and iGaming businesses use our patented and patent-pending technologies in games and associated platforms and systems. In addition, under a patent cross-licensing agreement with IGT, we can offer games using patented game features from the patent portfolios of other members of IGT s slot game features program. 
 We market many of our products under trademarks and copyrights that provide product differentiation and recognition and promote our portfolio of product offerings. All of our games feature elements that are subject to copyright rights and protection. In addition, we generally obtain trademark protection and often seek to register trademarks for the names and designs under which we market and license our products and games. Protections for trademarks exist in many countries, including the U.S., for as long as the trademark is registered and/or used. Registrations are generally issued for fixed, but renewable terms, although trademark rights may exist whether or not a mark is registered, and the duration of the registrations varies by country. 
 We believe that our use of both our own and third-party licensed brand names and related intellectual property contributes to the appeal and success of our products, and that our future ability to license, acquire or develop new brand names is important to our continued success. Therefore, we continue to invest in the recognition of our brands and brands that we license. Certain of our games are based on popular brands licensed from third parties, such as Hasbro, Inc.; Warner Bros. Consumer Products Inc.; ABG EPE IP LLC, Elvis Presley Enterprises, LLC.; Danjaq, LLC and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer; John R. Cash Revocable Trust; Universal Studios, parent company NBC Universal Film and Entertainment; and Netflix, Inc. 
 From time to time, we become aware of potential infringement of our intellectual property by competitors and other third parties and consider what action, if any, to take in that regard, including litigation where appropriate. We are also subject to threatened or actual intellectual property-related claims by third parties from time to time. See the risk factors captioned Our business depends on the protection of our intellectual property and proprietary information , We rely on the ability to use the intellectual property rights of third parties , and The intellectual property rights of others may prevent us from developing new products and services, entering new markets or may expose us to liability or costly litigation under the heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Production Processes, Sources and Availability of Components 
 We currently produce substantially all of our gaming machines through a mix of our manufacturing facilities and contracted third parties. We have finishing lines in Las Vegas; Sydney, Australia; Barcelona, Spain; Midrand, South Africa; and Manchester, England. These finishing lines allow for the completion and testing of our gaming machine assemblies from our facilities. We also refurbish used gaming machines primarily at our Las Vegas and Manchester facilities. 
 Manufacturing commitments are generally based on expected quarterly sales orders from customers. Due to uneven order flow from customers, component parts for gaming machines are purchased and assembled into partial products that are scheduled for just in time delivery to allow final assembly lead time to meet agreed customer delivery dates. Our gaming machine manufacturing processes generally consist of assembling component parts and sub-assemblies into a complete gaming machine. The level of completion and assembly varies by product platform and geographic region. 
 11 

Shufflers are assembled in our Las Vegas facility and by third parties near Salzburg, Austria. The assembly of Shufflers includes various levels of sub-assemblies with completion and testing at one of our finishing lines described above. We do remanufacturing and refurbishment of shufflers in Las Vegas. 
 Hardware and component parts associated with our CMSs are purchased directly from the contract manufacturers and flow through our facilities, finishing lines as indicated in the above locations, with final assembly, testing and shipment to customers. These parts do not require a significant amount of assembly and are used primarily in systems implementations, which take place at customer locations. 
 We place advance orders for certain gaming components with long lead times based on projected customer demand through our sales and operations planning process. The purchase horizon of components has largely normalized after it had previously increased as a result of the exceeding demand following the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 We believe we currently have an adequate supply of component parts and raw materials used in the manufacturing of our gaming machines, shufflers and CMSs. We are continuously assessing any potential supply chain challenges in order to meet customer demand. We actively manage and mitigate supply chain risk in collaboration with engineering to specify and approve alternative components, dual sourcing, safety stock to deal with volatility in supply and demand, and management of the purchase lead time horizon to ensure we have sufficient materials available. 
 
 Seasonality 
 Our results of operations can fluctuate due to seasonal trends and other factors. Sales of our gaming machines to casinos are generally strongest in the second half of the year and slowest in the first half of the year, while revenue from our Participation gaming machines is generally highest in the spring and summer. Player activity for SciPlay is generally slower in the second and third quarters of the year, particularly during the summer months. Player activity for our iGaming business, specifically digital casino operations, is generally slower in the third quarter during the summer months and is generally higher in the fourth quarter. See the risk factor captioned Our results of operations fluctuate due to seasonality and other factors and, therefore, our periodic operating results are not guarantees of future performance under the heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Human Capital 
 Our global reach is made possible through the expertise, skill and dedicated efforts of our employees who serve customers in more than 100 countries on 6 continents. As of December 31, 2023, we employed approximately 6,500 persons worldwide, with approximately 2,700 employed domestically and 3,800 employed internationally. 
 We aim to serve as responsible corporate stewards for our employees, customers, players, and communities by upholding the following five core values: Dare to be Bold; Celebrate Perspectives; Never Settle; Uphold Integrity; and Win as a Team. These core principles unite our teams globally, guide our actions, drive our growth and foster a highly inclusive culture. 
 We strive to honor and celebrate the perspectives of our employees through equity and belonging initiatives. To that end, our people strategy is focused on supporting career growth, development and the advancement for all employees; increasing opportunities for underrepresented groups; crafting policies that aim to be fair and equitable; attracting diverse, underrepresented talent from colleges and universities; recruiting with inclusive hiring practices; creating spaces where everyone belongs and feels empowered to contribute; adhering to policies that prohibit discrimination and promote equal opportunities; and providing employee wellness initiatives and programs to support the overall well-being and health of our workforce. 
 We have formulated a Diversity, Equity Inclusion DEI strategy as part of our Corporate Social Responsibility CSR program, Game Changers for Light Wonder, and established a DEI Council in 2020 with representation from our Board of Directors and other senior executives as members. The DEI Council routinely makes key decisions, reviews progress and identifies areas that require further development to advance the goals of our DEI strategy. We continue to implement and enhance hiring, training, recruiting and retention initiatives across our workforce in line with our DEI strategic plan. We also strive to develop strong connections with diverse suppliers that share our values. We endeavor to drive diversity across our industry by including minority, women, disabled and/or veteran-owned businesses in our supply chain and by counting small businesses and those in historically underutilized business zones among our suppliers. Across our supply chain, we aim to promote transparency and sustainability, commit to compliance and have zero tolerance for any form of human rights violations, including modern slavery and human trafficking. 
 We seek feedback from our employees through our annual Global Engagement Survey which aims to measure culture and improve our organization and work environment based on employee insights. We assess crucial areas such as engagement, leadership and management, communication and teamwork and core values. We are proud that our overall employee 
 12 

participation consistently remains high and increased in 2023 at 93 participation compared to 2022 at 81 participation. We believe this upward trend is a testament to our ongoing efforts to create a work environment that promotes open feedback from employees, allowing us to better engage with them and enhance company culture. 
 Growth and Development 
 We believe in the value of ongoing education for employees and provide internal training and professional development opportunities. Our learning and development programs aim to empower our employees with the knowledge, skills and tools they need to embrace diversity, challenge biases and celebrate the unique contributions of each team member, cultivating an environment where everyone feels valued and supported. We also offer a tuition reimbursement program to encourage ongoing professional development. 
 Health and Safety 
 The health and safety of our employees is a significant priority of our leaders. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented work procedures that allow employees to work from home and collaborate remotely. We also maintain measures to keep our workforce safe by monitoring and reducing the impact of the outbreak, including putting in place a global crisis monitoring team, protocols for responding when employees are infected and enhanced cleaning procedures at all sites. 
 We aim to ingrain Environmental, Health Safety EHS best practices into our operations. We have implemented comprehensive safety measures and strive to create an environment where everyone our employees, contractors and visitors can feel secure and protected. EHS aims to mitigate risk across our organization with a systematic and evidence-based approach. Through diligent oversight, we work to prevent a wide range of potential safety concerns, including ergonomic hazards, work at heights, material handling and accidents and injuries. By regularly enhancing and reinforcing our safety measures, we seek to create an environment where all of our employees can thrive. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 L W provides a competitive and comprehensive benefits program that is aligned with our business objectives and attempts to inspire employees to drive innovation and improve the Company s performance. In addition to cash and equity compensation, L W offers medical, dental and vision plans; employee stock purchase plans; paid time off and paid holidays; company-paid disability; life insurance; 401(k) plans; flexible spending accounts; and employee assistance programs. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance ESG 
 We believe that ESG priorities are a part of shaping our competitive edge, enabling L W to attract investments, optimize operating costs and drive revenues. During 2023, we established an internal ESG Council to serve as the governing body of our ESG efforts across the organization to make key decisions, support enterprise value creation, monitor regulatory requirements, collaborate on ESG risk mitigation and identify ESG opportunities. The ESG Council comprises senior members of the management team, including the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Legal Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. The ESG Council will provide updates on ongoing ESG efforts to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors with further reporting to the Board of Directors at least annually. 
 Our CSR priorities support responsible business development, protect local communities and improve economic outcomes of these communities. Our CSR program, known as Game Changers by Light Wonder, encapsulates our commitment to evolve the gaming landscape in these key pillars that align to ESG standards: 
 Game Changers for our Community: Charitable contributions, community impact and employee volunteerism; 
 Game Changers for our People: Fostering diversity, equity, inclusion, belonging and culture; 
 Game Changers for our Planet: Environmental sustainability, responsible operations and preservation of natural resources; 
 Game Changers for our Players: Responsible gaming, advocacy and stewardship, education, awareness and treatment; 
 Corporate Governance: System of corporate responsibility, code of conduct and ethics by which we operate and govern; 
 Supplier Diversity: Providing economic and business opportunities for a diverse group of suppliers. 
 Environmental Sustainability 
 We aim to include environmental sustainability and social responsibility as a part of L W s operations. We aim to align to the requirements of the International Organization for Standardization ISO 14001 guidelines and align to the UN Sustainable Development Goals UNSDG in order to aid in the preservation of natural resources. We continually seek to 
 13 

look for opportunities that foster sustainable operations in all our facilities and reduce negative impact on the environment to include the preservation of resources, energy efficiency and waste management. 
 Social Impact 
 We consider responsible gaming and philanthropy to be ESG priorities. For example, we support public education and awareness campaigns as well as seek to comply with the American Gaming Association AGA Responsible Gaming Code of Conduct for advertising and marketing. In addition, a number of our employees have served on several boards and committees relating to responsible gaming. We utilize responsible gaming software, which provides players the ability to personalize a gaming budget on a given device, on all our games in use in casinos located in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the U.S. 
 We are active in our charitable giving, employee volunteerism and community outreach programs. We continue to give back to communities and charities globally that support, among others, education, environmental sustainability, food insecurities, responsible gaming, diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives. 
 More information about our CSR initiatives can be found on our website. Nothing on our website shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 ESG Reporting 
 Our first annual Global CSR Report was published on our website in July of 2023. We expect to publish on our website our second annual Global CSR Report and ESG Report in 2024. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 General 
 Each of our business segments is generally subject to extensive and evolving regulation. For the Gaming business segment, regulation customarily includes some form of licensing or regulatory screening of operators, suppliers, manufacturers and distributors and their applicable affiliates, their major shareholders, officers, directors and key employees. In addition, certain of our gaming products and technologies must be certified or approved in certain jurisdictions in which we operate. Regulators review many facets of an applicant or holder of a license, including its financial stability, integrity and business experience. Any failure to receive a license or the loss of a license that we currently hold could have a material adverse effect on us or on our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. Each of our business segments is subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the internet and over mobile networks, especially in relation to privacy and security. Furthermore, for the SciPlay business segment, there is also significant opposition in some jurisdictions to interactive social gaming, including social casino gaming. For our iGaming business segment, although some states are expanding the availability of digital gaming, there have also been various state and federal bills proposed recently in the U.S. to restrict or prohibit digital gaming. Significant resources are being devoted to supporting these efforts. Although these efforts have generally not been successful, we cannot assure that laws restricting digital gaming will not be passed at either the federal or state level. 
 While we believe that we are in compliance with all material laws and regulatory requirements applicable to us, we cannot assure that our activities or the activities of our customers will not become the subject of any regulatory or law enforcement proceeding or that any such proceeding would not have a material adverse impact on us or our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. 
 We have developed and implemented a rigorous internal compliance program in an effort to ensure that we comply with legal requirements imposed in connection with our Gaming, SciPlay, and iGaming activities, as well as those generally applicable to all publicly traded companies. The compliance program is run on a day-to-day basis by our Chief Compliance Officer with legal advice provided by attorneys in our legal and compliance departments and outside experts. The compliance program is overseen by the Compliance Committee of our Board of Directors, which is comprised of employee and non-employee directors and a non-employee gaming law expert. While we are firmly committed to full compliance with all applicable laws, we cannot assure that our compliance program will prevent the violation of one or more laws or regulations, or that a violation by us or an employee will not result in the imposition of a monetary fine or suspension or revocation of one or more of our licenses. 
 While we believe that we have developed appropriate procedures and policies to comply with the requirements of these evolving laws and legal pronouncements, we cannot assure that our activities or the activities of our customers will not become the subject of law enforcement proceedings or that any such proceedings would not have a material adverse impact on us or our business plans. Furthermore, laws and regulations applicable to gaming in U.S. and international jurisdictions are subject to change, and the effect of such changes on our ongoing and potential operations cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 14 

From time to time, we retain government affairs representatives in various U.S. and international jurisdictions to advise elected and appointed officials and the public concerning our views on gaming legislation, monitor such legislation and advise us in our relations with gaming authorities. 
 Gaming 
 We provide our games, gaming machines, gaming systems, table products and related products and services in legal gaming jurisdictions worldwide. The manufacture, distribution, provision and operation of our gaming products and services is subject to regulation and approval by various city, county, state, provincial, federal, tribal and foreign agencies. The primary purposes of these rules are to (1) ensure the responsibility, financial stability and character of the parties involved in these activities through licensing and registration requirements, (2) ensure the integrity and compliance of our gaming products and services and (3) prohibit the use of gaming products and services at unauthorized locations or for the benefit of undesirable parties. 
 Typically, gaming regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate are established by statute and are administered by a regulatory agency with broad authority to interpret gaming regulations and to regulate gaming activities. Among other things, gaming authorities in the various jurisdictions in which we are licensed: 
 adopt additional rules and regulations under the implementing statutes; 
 investigate violations of gaming regulations; 
 enforce gaming regulations and impose disciplinary sanctions for violations of such laws, including fines, penalties, suspension and/or revocation of gaming licenses; 
 review the character and fitness of manufacturers, distributors and operators of gaming products and services and make determinations regarding their suitability or qualification for licensure; 
 grant licenses for the manufacture, distribution and operation of gaming products and services; 
 review and approve transactions (such as acquisitions, material commercial transactions, securities offerings and debt transactions); and 
 establish and collect related fees and/or taxes. 
 We believe we hold all of the licenses and permits necessary to conduct our business. We are authorized to manufacture, sell, lease or operate our gaming products and services in approximately 457 jurisdictions worldwide (including jurisdictions that do not require licensing), including approximately 173 international gaming jurisdictions. 
 In addition, a number of U.S. states authorize wagering on VLTs at state regulated and licensed facilities. Although some states restrict VLTs to already existing wagering facilities, others permit these machines to be placed at venues such as bars, restaurants, truck stops and other specifically licensed gaming facilities. In addition, all of the Canadian provinces and various other international jurisdictions have authorized VLTs. 
 Regulatory requirements vary among jurisdictions, but the majority of jurisdictions require licenses, permits or findings of suitability for our company, individual officers, directors, major stockholders and key employees. Our gaming hardware and software also must be approved either by a gaming authority laboratory or a private laboratory authorized by the gaming authority. 
 SciPlay 
 SciPlay is subject to foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect companies operating online, including over the internet and mobile networks, many of which are still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could negatively impact business, revenue and results. SciPlay is also subject to federal, state and foreign laws related to the privacy and protection of player data. Such regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR from the European Union EU ), the California Consumer Privacy Act and the California Privacy Rights Act are recent, untested laws and regulations that have and could further affect SciPlay s operations and business. The extent of the potential impact is unknown. 
 There is significant opposition in some jurisdictions to social and social casino gaming. Anti-gaming groups that specifically target social casino games are located in several states and countries. Such opposition could lead these jurisdictions to adopt legislation or impose a regulatory framework to govern social gaming or social casino gaming specifically. These opposition efforts could lead to a prohibition on social gaming or social casino gaming altogether, restrict SciPlay s ability to advertise its games or substantially increase costs to comply with regulations, all of which could have an adverse effect on results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. We cannot predict the likelihood, timing, scope or terms of any such legislation or regulation or the extent to which they may affect SciPlay s business. 
 15 

iGaming 
 In the U.S., the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act of 2006 UIGEA prohibits, among other things, the acceptance by a business of a wager by means of the internet where such wager is prohibited by any federal or state law where initiated, received or otherwise made. Under UIGEA severe criminal and civil sanctions may be imposed on the owners and operators of such systems and on financial institutions that process wagering transactions. The law contains a safe harbor for wagers placed within a single state (disregarding intermediate routing of the transmission) where the method of placing the bet and receiving the bet is authorized by that state s law, provided the underlying regulations establish appropriate age and location verification. 
 In late 2011, the Office of Legal Counsel of the DOJ (the OLC issued an opinion which concluded that the prohibitions of the Federal Wire Act of 1961 (the Wire Act were limited to sports gambling and thus did not apply to other forms of wagering (the 2011 DOJ opinion ). In January 2019, the OLC published a legal opinion dated November 2, 2018 (the 2018 DOJ opinion ), which concluded that the 2011 DOJ opinion had incorrectly interpreted the Wire Act and that the restrictions on the transmission in interstate or foreign commerce of bets and wagers in the Wire Act were not limited to sports gambling but instead applied to all bets and wagers. The OLC also found that the enactment of the UIGEA described above did not modify the scope of the Wire Act. The DOJ later issued memoranda directing federal law enforcement agencies to refrain from enforcing the conclusions of the 2018 DOJ opinion for activities other than sports betting until June 30, 2020. No official extension of the forbearance period was ever announced, but on January 20, 2021, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit issued an opinion that the Wire Act applies only to the interstate transmission of wire communications related to sports gambling and not to all bets and wagers. With the DOJ s subsequent announcement that it would not seek review by the U.S. Supreme Court, it would seem to be settled that the Wire Act applies to interstate sports wagering only. However, we are unable to determine what future impact the 2018 DOJ opinion, or the impact of any other challenge to the 2018 DOJ opinion, will have on our iGaming business or our customers. 
 Currently we have launched in six states in the U.S. A number of states in the U.S. are currently considering regulation of iGaming. We cannot assure that laws permitting digital gaming will be enacted. 
 On December 19, 2019, the U.K. Government confirmed the proposed review of the Gambling Act 2005. The review started on December 8, 2020 with the publication of terms of reference. The call for evidence ran for 16 weeks and closed on March 31, 2021, with the U.K. Government receiving 16,000 responses. On April 27, 2023, the U.K. Government published a White Paper (policy paper) setting out its comprehensive package of reform proposals, many of which are subject to further consultation with the U.K. Government or British Gambling Commission. Since publication of the White Paper, the U.K. Government and the British Gambling Commission have each launched a series of consultations on the options for reform. The outcome of certain of these consultations is currently awaited and may have impact on our revenues from the U.K. We believe most of the proposed reforms can be achieved through secondary legislation and regulation using existing powers under the U.K. Gambling Act 2005, although a few require primary legislation. The timing of the implementation of these reforms is not yet confirmed. We continue to monitor the reform process, though it may take a number of years to implement. 
 To varying degrees, a number of international governments have taken steps to change the regulation of internet wagering (also known as online gambling) through the implementation of new or revised licensing and taxation regimes, with increasingly stringent requirements particularly on business-to-consumer businesses in relation to responsible gambling and affordability checks. Also, some jurisdictions impose sanctions on unlicensed providers of internet wagering products and services. Countries outside Europe and the U.S. have also begun evaluating digital gaming regulation and an increase in regulated markets outside of the U.S. and Europe is likely to continue. 
 We continue to devote significant attention to monitoring these developments. However, we cannot predict the timing, scope or terms of any state, federal or foreign regulations relating to digital gaming and sports betting. 
 Additional Information Regarding Government Regulations 
 We are subject to specific gaming requirements in the different jurisdictions in which we operate. For additional information, we have filed a summary of the gaming regulations that govern our businesses as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Exhibit 99.5 Gaming Regulations . In addition, see Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of risk factors related to regulations to which we may be subject. 
 16 

Executive Officers of the Company 
 Certain information regarding each of our executive officers is set forth below. 
 Name Age Position Matthew R. Wilson 42 President and Chief Executive Officer and Director Oliver Chow 43 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer James Sottile 63 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Siobhan Lane 42 Executive Vice President and Group Chief Executive, Gaming 
 
 Matthew R. Wilson has served as President and Chief Executive Officer since October 2022. Mr. Wilson joined L W as Executive Vice President and Group Chief Executive, Gaming, in March 2020. Mr. Wilson has over 17 years of gaming industry experience. Before joining L W, he was the Managing Director of the Americas at Aristocrat, one of the world s leading providers of gaming solutions, from February 2017 until August 2019. Mr. Wilson began his tenure at Aristocrat in 2004 and held several significant positions in a variety of Aristocrat s markets during his time there, including serving as Senior Vice President, Sales Marketing for the Americas from September 2014 until October 2015. His other roles at Aristocrat included Regional Sales Manager and Vice President of Marketing for the Americas. 
 Oliver Chow has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer for L W since December 2023. He served as Senior Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer from August 2023 to December 2023. Mr. Chow joined L W as Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance in October 2022. Prior to joining the Company, he spent five years serving in senior-level finance roles at Aristocrat, most recently serving as Chief Financial Officer Americas, EMEA and Customer Experience. Previously, he served in various financial roles with Universal Pictures, Deluxe Entertainment Services and JPMorgan Chase Co. Mr. Chow has more than 15 years of financial leadership experience across the entertainment and gaming industries. 
 James Sottile has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since September 2018, and as Corporate Secretary since August 2023. Prior to this role, Mr. Sottile was with Jones Day, where he was a partner in its New York office. Mr. Sottile was named a notable practitioner by Chambers USA: America s Leading Business Lawyers from 2005 to 2018 and was recognized in The Best Lawyers in America from 2011 to 2018. 
 Siobhan Lane has served as Executive Vice President and Group Chief Executive of Gaming since October 2022. Before this role, Ms. Lane served as Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer of Gaming from February 2020 to October 2022. Prior to joining L W, she spent 12 years at Aristocrat in roles of increasing responsibility, finishing as Senior Vice President, Marketing and Gaming Operations, during which time she helped lead the organizational transformation and market turnaround of Aristocrat in the North American region. 
 
 Access to Public Filings 
 We file annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports, proxy statements and other documents with the SEC under the Exchange Act. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
 We make the following information, among others, available as soon as practically possible free of charge through the Investors link on our website at explore.investors.lnw.com and we use our website as a means of disclosing material information to the public in a broad, non-exclusionary manner for purposes of the SEC s Regulation Fair Disclosure (Reg FD): 
 our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed electronically with or furnished to the SEC; 
 Section 16 ownership reports filed by our executive officers, directors and 10 stockholders on Forms 3, 4 and 5 and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed electronically with the SEC; and 
 our Code of Business Conduct, which applies to all of our officers, directors and employees (which is also our required code of ethics applicable to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer in keeping with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) and includes, among other policies, our whistleblower policy. 
 The above details about our website and its content are only for information. The contents of our website are not, nor shall they be deemed to be, incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 17 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The risks described below are not the only risks facing us. Please be aware that additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial could also materially and adversely affect our business operations. You should also refer to the other information contained in our periodic reports, including the Forward-Looking Statements section, our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a further discussion of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our business. Except where the context otherwise indicates, references below to the Company, we, our, ours and us include all of our subsidiaries. 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 The following is a summary of some of the risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. 
 Risks Relating to Economic and Current Conditions Impacting us and our Business 
 Failure to successfully execute on our strategy could negatively impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial information. 
 Our future results of operations may be negatively impacted by slow growth or declines in the replacement cycle of gaming machines and by the slow growth of new gaming jurisdictions or slow addition of casinos in existing jurisdictions. 
 We have foreign operations which expose us to business and legal risks, including compliance with anti-corruption laws, and a portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in British Pounds Sterling, Australian Dollars and Euros, which subjects us to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and other risks. 
 Unfavorable U.S. and international economic conditions, decreased discretionary spending, travel or operational disruptions due to other factors such as inflation, rising benchmark interest rates, terrorist activity or threat thereof, armed conflicts or hostilities, civil unrest, health epidemics, contagious disease outbreaks, or public perception thereof, other economic or political uncertainties, or other events beyond our control have adversely affected and may in the future adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 SciPlay becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company subjects us to a number of risks and uncertainties, including whether it will yield additional value for our stockholders and adversely impact our business, financial results, results of operations, cash flows or stock price. 
 Public perception of the Company s response to ESG issues could adversely affect our reputation, our customer base and business and financial results. 
 The effects of health epidemics, contagious disease outbreaks and public perception thereof, have impacted and, in the future, could impact our operations and, should negative impacts such as significant negative player engagement develop, adversely affect and continue to adversely affect our operations, business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Risks Relating to our Business and our Industries 
 We operate in highly competitive industries, and our success depends on our ability to effectively compete with numerous domestic and foreign businesses. 
 Our success depends upon our ability to adapt to, and offer products and services that keep pace with, changing technology and evolving industry standards. 
 We invest significant resources in our R D efforts, which may not lead to successful or commercially viable new technologies, services or products. 
 Our success depends on our ability to produce new and innovative products and services that respond to customer demand and create strong and sustained player appeal. 
 Risks Relating to our Capital Structure 
 Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 18 

We may not have sufficient cash flows from operating activities to service all of our indebtedness and other obligations, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations, which may not be successful. 
 Agreements governing our indebtedness impose certain restrictions that may affect our ability to operate our business. Failure to comply with any of these restrictions could result in the acceleration of the maturity of our indebtedness and require us to make payments on our indebtedness. Were this to occur, we would not have sufficient cash to pay our accelerated indebtedness. 
 We may not have sufficient cash flows from operating activities, cash on hand and available borrowings under our credit facilities to finance required capital expenditures under new contracts and meet our other cash needs or satisfy our minimum liquidity covenant. These obligations require a significant amount of cash, which would reduce our available liquidity. 
 Our secondary listing of the Company s common stock on the Australian Securities Exchange could lead to price variations and other impacts on holders of our common stock. 
 We may incur significant costs as a result of being publicly traded in the United States and Australia. 
 Risks Relating to our Technology 
 Our success depends on the security and integrity of the systems and products we offer, and security breaches, including cybersecurity breaches, or other disruptions could compromise our information or the information of our customers and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 Our business depends on the protection of our intellectual property and proprietary information. 
 We rely on the ability to use the intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 Risks Relating to Legal, Political or Other Regulatory Factors 
 We and our industries are subject to strict government regulations that may limit our existing operations, have an adverse impact on our ability to grow and affect our license eligibility or expose us to fines or other penalties. 
 Legislative interpretation and enforcement of certain gaming activities could adversely affect financial performance and reputation. 
 We may not be able to capitalize on the expansion of internet or other forms of digital gaming or other trends and changes in the industries in which we operate, including due to laws and regulations governing these industries. 
 Changes in tax laws or tax rulings, or the examination of our tax positions could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 General Risks 
 We have incurred, and may continue to incur, restructuring costs, the benefits of which are unpredictable and may not be achieved. 
 We may incur additional impairment charges. 
 We depend on our key employees and rely on skilled employees with creative and technical backgrounds. 
 You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating us and our common stock. The risk factors generally are separated into six groups: risks relating to economic and current conditions impacting us and our business, risks relating to our capital structure, risks relating to our business and our industries, risks relating to our technology, risks relating to legal, political and other regulatory factors, and general risk factors. 
 Risks Relating to Economic and Current Conditions Impacting us and our Business 
 Failure to successfully execute on our strategy could negatively impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial information. 
 We are executing on our strategy to become the leading, cross-platform global games company (more fully described in in Part I, Item 1 above). Jointly with our strategy, in May 2023, our common stock was listed as CDIs on the ASX, and in October 2023, we acquired the publicly held shares in SciPlay, making it our wholly-owned subsidiary. Successful execution on our strategy may present unexpected challenges and uncertainties. We may incur integration and optimization expenses to execute and facilitate our strategies. 
 19 

Our business strategy is to invest in great content and franchises across land-based, digital and mobile platforms, expand in high-growth markets, enable a seamless player experience with innovative platforms, deleverage and maximize cash flow to fuel investment and be driven by high-performing talent and culture. Our strategy is focused upon growth including growing our digital revenue mix and pursuit of acquisitions supportive of our strategic goals. For additional information on risks related to our acquisition strategy, see the risk factor captioned Our inability to complete acquisitions and integrate those businesses successfully could limit our growth or disrupt our plans and operations. If we are not successful in accomplishing each component of our new business strategy, we may suffer negative impacts on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Additionally, the success of our new brand and name will be integral in allowing our new strategy and business focus to be successful. Developing and maintaining awareness of our Company and our brand is important to attracting new and existing customers to our products. The importance of brand recognition will increase as competition in our industry intensifies. Successful promotion of our brand will depend on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. Although we plan to invest substantial resources to promote our brand, there is no guarantee that we will be able to achieve or maintain brand name recognition or status under the new brand that is comparable to the recognition and status previously enjoyed under our former brand. Even if our brand recognition and loyalty increases, this may not result in increased revenue and profitability. For these reasons, our rebranding initiative may not produce the benefits expected, could adversely affect our ability to retain and attract customers, and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Our future results of operations may be negatively impacted by slow growth or declines in the replacement cycle of gaming machines and by the slow growth of new gaming jurisdictions or slow addition of casinos in existing jurisdictions. 
 Demand for our Gaming products and services is driven by the replacement of existing gaming machines in existing casinos, the establishment of new jurisdictions, the opening of additional casinos in existing jurisdictions and the expansion of existing casinos. Slow growth or declines in the replacement cycle of gaming machines have historically reduced and could again reduce the demand for our products and negatively impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and have resulted and could continue to result in material inventory charges, which could increase our cost of products and decrease our gross margin. We have previously recorded charges related to inventory due to disruptions impacting future demand and reassessment of our product strategy. Our inventory charges incurred in the normal course of operations were 14 million, 5 million and 12 million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The opening of new casinos, expansion of existing casinos and replacement of existing gaming machines in existing casinos fluctuate with demand, economic conditions, regulatory approvals and the availability of financing. Originally these had been negatively affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. While those negative effects have abated, there is still potential for negative effects of other potential health epidemics or contagious disease outbreaks. In addition, the expansion of gaming into new jurisdictions can be a protracted process. In the U.S., U.K. and other international jurisdictions in which we operate, governments usually require a public referendum and legislative action before establishing or expanding gaming. Any of these factors could delay, restrict or prohibit the expansion of our business and negatively impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We have foreign operations which expose us to business and legal risks, including compliance with anti-corruption laws, and a portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in British Pounds Sterling, Australian Dollars and Euros, which subjects us to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and other risks. 
 We are a global business and derive a substantial portion of our revenue from operations outside of the U.S. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we derived approximately 33 of our revenue from sales to customers outside of the U.S. 
 Our consolidated financial results are affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations. We are exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations because portions of our revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, particularly the British Pound Sterling, the Euro and the Australian dollar. Such fluctuations may arise from inflation, government debt or other causes. Exchange rate fluctuations have in the past adversely affected our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition and may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition and the value of our assets outside the U.S. in the future. If a foreign currency is devalued in a jurisdiction in which we are paid in such currency, we may require our customers to pay higher amounts for our products, which they may be unable or unwilling to pay. This uncertainty could have a material adverse effect on our foreign operations. In addition, if such events occurred, the financial and capital markets within and outside Europe could constrict and negatively impact our ability to finance our business. Such events could also cause a substantial reduction in consumer confidence and spending that could negatively impact our customers and our business. 
 Our operations in foreign jurisdictions subject us to additional risks customarily associated with such operations, including: the complexity of foreign laws, regulations and markets; the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in foreign 
 20 

jurisdictions; the impact of foreign labor laws and disputes; the ability to attract and retain key personnel in foreign jurisdictions; the economic, tax and regulatory policies of local governments; compliance with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and anti corruption laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.K. Bribery Act and other anti corruption laws that generally prohibit us and our agents from offering, promising, authorizing or making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business; compliance with applicable sanctions regimes regarding dealings with certain persons or countries; import and export restrictions and other trade barriers, including imposition of tariffs; and increased trade tensions between countries or political and economic unions. Certain of these laws also contain provisions that require accurate record keeping and further require companies to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. 
 Although we have policies and controls in place that are designed to ensure compliance with these laws, if those controls are ineffective or an employee or intermediary fails to comply with the applicable regulations, we may be subject to criminal and civil sanctions and other penalties. Any such violation could disrupt our business and adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, our international business operations could be interrupted and negatively affected by terrorist activity, political unrest or other economic or political uncertainties. Moreover, U.S. and foreign jurisdictions could impose tariffs, quotas, trade barriers and other similar restrictions on our international sales. 
 For example, in 2018 the U.S. announced certain trade actions under Section 232, and Section 301 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, including tariff increases on several imported products. These U.S. tariffs, along with other U.S. trade actions, have triggered retaliatory actions by certain affected countries, such as the People s Republic of China PRC ). In January 2020, the United States and the PRC signed a limited trade deal in which the PRC agreed to purchase more products from the U.S. in exchange for a reduction in planned and existing tariffs. Given the uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of these trade actions by the U.S. and other countries, and trade negotiations between the U.S. and the PRC, we cannot predict whether, or to what extent, tariffs and other trade restrictions may be imposed on or otherwise become applicable to our product offerings or supply chain, and the impact of these trade actions on our business remains uncertain. While tariffs and other trade actions by the U.S. and other countries have not yet had a significant impact on our business and we are implementing measures to limit the impact of tariffs on our cost structure, we cannot predict further developments. Tariffs and other trade actions could result in increases in our cost of doing business and in the sale prices of certain of our products and could negatively impact demand for our products, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial conditions. 
 Further, our ability to expand successfully in foreign jurisdictions involves other risks, including difficulties in integrating foreign operations, risks associated with entering jurisdictions in which we may have little experience and the day to day management of a growing and increasingly geographically diverse company. We may not realize the operating efficiencies, competitive advantages or financial results that we anticipate from our investments in foreign jurisdictions, and our failure to effectively manage the risks associated with our operations in foreign jurisdictions could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Unfavorable U.S. and international economic conditions, decreased discretionary spending, travel or operational disruptions due to other factors such as inflation, rising benchmark interest rates, terrorist activity or threat thereof, armed conflicts or hostilities, civil unrest, health epidemics, contagious disease outbreaks, or public perception thereof, other economic or political uncertainties, or other events beyond our control have adversely affected and may in the future adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Unfavorable economic conditions, including recession, inflation, rising benchmark interest rates, economic slowdown, decreased liquidity in the financial markets, decreased availability of credit, relatively high rates of unemployment and inflation, have had, and may continue to have, a negative effect on our business. Socio-political factors such as terrorist activity or threat thereof, armed conflicts or hostilities, civil unrest or other economic or political uncertainties, or health epidemics, contagious disease outbreaks, or public perception thereof, or other events beyond our control that contribute to consumer unease may also result in decreased discretionary spending or travel by consumers and have a negative effect on our businesses. Such factors out of our control may also have effects beyond discretionary spending or travel, such as disruptions to our operations and productivity, which could also have a negative effect on our businesses. Prolonged or more severe economic weakness, particularly from inflation, rising interest rates, and foreign currency volatility, could materially adversely impact our business, including causing our expected expenses to increase materially. We cannot fully predict the effects that unfavorable social, political and economic conditions, economic uncertainties and public health crises and any resulting decrease in discretionary spending or travel would have on us, as they would be expected to impact our customers, suppliers, employees, consultants and business partners in varied ways. 
 In our Gaming business, especially our Participation gaming business, our revenue is largely driven by players disposable incomes and level of gaming activity which may be reduced by unfavorable economic conditions. A further or extended decline in disposable income may result in reduced play levels on our Participation gaming machines, causing our 
 21 

results of operations and cash flows from these products to decline. Additionally, higher travel and other costs may adversely affect the number of players visiting our customers casinos. Adverse changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences, resulting in fewer patrons visiting casinos and reduced play levels, could also be driven by factors such as an unstable job market, outbreaks of contagious diseases or public perception thereof or fears of terrorism or other violence. A decline in play levels has negatively impacted the results of operations, cash flows and financial condition of our casino customers and their ability to purchase or lease our products and services. 
 Unfavorable economic conditions have also impacted, and could continue to impact, the ability of our Gaming customers to make timely payments to us. These conditions, and the concentration of certain outstanding Gaming segment receivables, may increase our collection risks and materially impact our estimate of receivables allowance for credit losses. In addition, unfavorable economic conditions have caused, and may cause in the future, some of our Gaming customers to temporarily close gaming venues or ultimately declare bankruptcy, which adversely affects our business. Consistent with other suppliers in the gaming industry, our Gaming business offers extended payment term financing for gaming machine purchases, and we expect to continue to provide extended payment term financing in this business until demand from our customers for such financings abates or our business model changes. These financing arrangements may increase our collection risk, and if customers are not able to pay us, whether as a result of financial difficulties, bankruptcy or otherwise, we may incur provisions for bad debt related to our inability to collect certain receivables. In addition, both extended payment term financing and operating leases result in a delay in our receipt of cash, which reduces our cash balance, liquidity and financial flexibility to respond to changing economic events. Unfavorable economic conditions may also result in volatility in the credit and equity markets. The difficulty or inability of our customers to generate or obtain adequate levels of capital to finance their ongoing operations may reduce their ability to purchase our products and services. Refer to Note 7 for international locations with significant concentrations of our receivables with terms longer than one year. 
 In our iGaming business based on a Participation model, our revenue is largely driven by disposable incomes and level of player activity. Unfavorable economic conditions have previously reduced and may later reduce the disposable incomes of end users consuming the services, which could negatively impact revenues for the iGaming business. Suppliers to our iGaming business may suffer financial difficulties and may not be able to offer their services and products, which could restrict the provision of our services and negatively impact our revenues. Various gambling regulators have implemented additional responsible and safer gambling measures relating to online casinos, including the implementation of bet limits, spin speeds, deposit limits and bonusing, which could negatively impact our revenues, particularly if additional gambling regulators follow suit or additional measures are introduced. 
 In our SciPlay business, while we maintain offices in the U.S., we have employees and consultants operating in foreign jurisdictions, including Israel, Turkey and Ukraine. In the foreign jurisdictions in which SciPlay operates, conditions such as political instability, terrorist activity or threat thereof, armed conflicts or hostilities and civil unrest could adversely affect our business and results of operations. For example, political, economic and military conditions in Israel, including acts of terrorism, war or other armed conflicts, which have impacted our employees and operations in Israel, could in the future cause business interruptions or other spillover effects that could materially adversely affect SciPlay s business and results of operations. 
 Additionally, in our Gaming business, we monitor for any potential disruptions in our supply chain, such as those due to health epidemics, contagious disease outbreaks, or public perception thereof, terrorist activity or threat thereof, armed conflicts or hostilities, civil unrest or other economic or political uncertainties, or other events beyond our control, and we may by required to increase our inventory positions when deemed necessary to mitigate any expected or unexpected delays and fulfill customer orders timely. The current conflict in Israel has delayed passage of supplier vessels through the Red Sea and could require us to increase our inventory positions and/or could result in higher holding and freight costs, which could adversely impact our operations and/or gross margin. 
 There are ongoing concerns regarding the debt burden of certain countries, particularly in Europe and South America, and their ability to meet their future financial obligations, which have resulted in downgrades of the debt ratings for these countries. We currently operate in, and our growth strategy may involve pursuing expansion or business opportunities in certain of these jurisdictions, such as Argentina, Brazil, Greece, Italy, Puerto Rico, Turkey and Ukraine among others. These sovereign debt concerns, whether real or perceived, could result in a recession, prolonged economic slowdown, or otherwise negatively impact the general health and stability of the economies in these countries or more broadly. In more severe cases, this could result in a limitation on the availability or flow of capital, thereby restricting our liquidity and negatively impacting our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 22 

Public perception of the Company s response to ESG issues could adversely affect our reputation, our customer base and business and financial results. 
 Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, clients, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their ESG practices and disclosure. Unfavorable perception regarding our environmental policies, social initiatives, governance practices, diversity initiatives, the perceived or actual impacts of our games on user well-being, the actions of companies that provide similar products to ours, or other growing concerns of our stakeholders, could adversely affect our reputation. Any negative effect on our reputation could have an adverse effect on the size, engagement and loyalty of our customer base, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 Additionally, we are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the SEC, the Nasdaq Stock Market, the Australian Securities and Investment Commission and the FASB. These rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity, making compliance difficult and uncertain. Additionally, we or our suppliers may become subject to new laws enacted with regards to climate change and other environmental issues. If new laws are enacted, or current laws are modified in countries in which we or our suppliers operate, we could face increased costs to comply with these laws. 
 The effects of health epidemics, contagious disease outbreaks and public perception thereof, have impacted and, in the future, could impact our operations and, should negative impacts such as significant negative player engagement develop, adversely affect and continue to adversely affect our operations, business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 The outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, and public perception thereof, had contributed to consumer unease and led to decreased discretionary spending and consumer travel, which, in turn, had a negative effect on us, especially in our Gaming business. Other future health epidemics or contagious disease outbreaks could do the same. We cannot predict the ultimate effects that the outbreak of COVID-19, any resulting unfavorable social, political and economic conditions and decrease in discretionary spending or travel would have on us, as they would be expected to impact our customers, suppliers and business partners in varied ways in different communities. In our Gaming business, especially our Participation gaming, SciPlay business segment and iGaming business segment, our revenue is largely driven by players disposable incomes and level of gaming activity. The outbreak of COVID-19 led to economic and financial uncertainty for many consumers and reduced, and may continue to reduce or maintain at low amounts, the disposable incomes of players across all of our business units. This resulted in fewer patrons visiting casinos, whether land-based or online, and lower amounts spent per casino visit. 
 Various gambling regulators have implemented additional responsible and safer gambling measures relating to our iGaming casino business including the implementation of bet limits, spin speeds, deposit limits and bonusing, which could negatively impact our operations, business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition, particularly if additional gambling regulators follow suit. 
 The extent to which future health epidemics, contagious disease outbreaks and public perception thereof further impacts our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and unpredictable. 
 Risks Relating to our Business and our Industries 
 We operate in highly competitive industries, and our success depends on our ability to effectively compete with numerous domestic and foreign businesses. 
 Gaming 
 Our Gaming business faces significant competition, not only from traditional gaming suppliers, but also from a number of other domestic and foreign providers, some of which have substantially greater financial resources and/or experience than we do. In some cases, we compete against gaming operators, including illegal or unregulated operators. Additionally, we face competition from smaller gaming companies that have established certain competitive products in recent years and are able to focus their resources on developing a smaller number of high-performing products. 
 We compete on the basis of the content, features, quality, functionality, accuracy, reliability, price and financing terms of our products and services, and the responsiveness of our services. If we do not consistently deliver popular, high-quality games in a timely manner, or if consumers prefer competing products, our business might suffer. Consumer preferences for games are usually cyclical and difficult to predict, and even the most successful content remains popular for only limited periods of time, unless refreshed with new content or otherwise enhanced. In order to remain competitive, we must continuously develop new products or enhancements to our existing products. These products or enhancements may not be well-received by consumers, even if well-reviewed and of high quality. Further, competitors may develop content that imitates 
 23 

or competes with our best-selling games, potentially taking sales away from them or reducing our ability to charge the same prices we have historically charged for our products. We have experienced pricing pressures in the past, including over the past three years. These competing products may take a larger share of consumer spending than anticipated, which could cause product sales to fall below expectations. We also compete based on the extent of our sales, service, marketing and distribution channels. We on occasion provide extended payment term financing for product purchases or to certain concentrations of customers. We have also offered customers discounts and other offers and modified pricing and other contractual terms in connection with the sale or placement of our products and services. Our competitors may provide a greater amount of financing or better offers and terms than we do, and this may impact demand for our Gaming products and services. We cannot assure that competitive pressure will not cause us to increase the incentives that we offer to our customers or agree to modify contractual terms in ways that are unfavorable to us, which could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We also compete to obtain space and favorable placement on casino gaming floors, and some of our product lines may compete against each other for this space. Consolidation of casino and other operators, increased competition among operators and reductions in capital expenditures by operators have significantly increased the level of competition among gaming suppliers and may do so in the future. Casino operators focus on performance, longevity, player appeal and price when making their purchasing decisions. Competitors with a larger installed base of gaming machines and more game themes than ours may have an advantage in obtaining and retaining placements in casinos. Our Shufflers also compete against hand shuffling, which remains the most competitive shuffling option for casino card games around the world. 
 We also face high levels of competition in the supply of products and services for newly legalized gaming jurisdictions and for openings of new or expanded casinos. Our success depends on our ability to successfully enter new markets and compete successfully for new business. 
 SciPlay 
 SciPlay, which includes social casino games and from which we derive substantially all of our SciPlay revenue, is a rapidly evolving industry with low barriers to entry. Businesses can easily launch online or on mobile platforms and applications at nominal cost by using commercially available software or partnering with various established companies in these markets. The market for our games is also characterized by rapid technological developments, frequent launches of new games and features, changes in player needs and behavior, disruption by innovative entrants and evolving business models and industry standards. As a result, our industry is constantly changing games and business models in order to adopt and optimize new technologies, increase cost efficiency and adapt to player preferences. 
 Successful execution of our strategy depends on our continuous ability to attract and retain players, adapt to the emergence of new mobile hardware or operating systems, expand the market for our games, maintain a technological edge and offer new capabilities to players. We also compete with social gaming companies, including those that offer social casino games such as Playtika, Playstudios, Product Madness/Big Fish Games (subsidiaries of Aristocrat), DoubleU Games Co., Ltd/Double Down Interactive, GSN Games/Bash Gaming (subsidiaries of Scopely, Inc.), AppLovin Corporation and Huuuge Games, some of which have no connection to regulated real money gaming, and many of those companies have a base of existing players that is larger than ours. In some cases, we compete against real money gaming operators who have expanded their games to include social casino games and have in the past leveraged their land-based gaming relationship with us to license social casino game content from us. In those cases, customers of such real money gaming operators may choose to play our content as it is offered by the operator and not as it is offered by our social casino games, detrimentally impacting our results. 
 Some of our current and potential competitors enjoy substantial competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, local language capabilities, greater financial, technical, and other resources and, in some cases, the ability to rapidly combine online platforms with traditional staffing and contingent worker solutions. These companies may use these advantages to develop different platforms and services to compete with our games, spend more on advertising and brand marketing, invest more in research and development or respond more quickly and effectively than we do to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, regulatory conditions or player preferences or requirements. As a result, our players may decide to stop playing our games or switch to our competitors games. 
 Moreover, current and future competitors may also make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with others, including our current or future third-party suppliers. By doing so, these competitors may increase their ability to meet the needs of existing or prospective freelancers and players. These developments could limit our ability to obtain revenue from existing and new buyers. If we are unable to compete effectively, successfully and at reasonable cost against our existing and future competitors, our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely impacted. 
 24 

We offer players regular free play and frequent discounts for purchases of coins, chips or cards to extend play in connection with our social casino gaming business. We cannot assure that competitive pressure will not cause us to increase the incentives that we offer to our players, which could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 iGaming 
 Our iGaming business is also subject to significant competition. Our iGaming business focuses on the supply of game content to online casino operators, and there are a number of competitors in that industry, including from illegal or unregulated operators. 
 We cannot assure that we will be successful in offering our technology, content and services to digital gaming operators as we expect to face intense competition from our traditional competitors in the iGaming industry and a number of other domestic and foreign providers (or, in some cases, the operators themselves), some of which have substantially greater financial resources and/or experience in this area than we do. In addition, there is a risk that the authorization of the provision of gaming offerings via interactive channels in a particular jurisdiction could, under certain circumstances, adversely impact our Gaming offerings through traditional channels in such jurisdiction. Any such adverse impact would be magnified to the extent we are not involved in, and generating revenue from, the provision of iGaming products or services in such jurisdiction. 
 In order to stay competitive in our iGaming business, we will need to continue to create, source and market game content that attracts players and invest in new and emerging technologies. Some of our competitors may be more willing to provide internet wagering in countries where the relevant laws and regulations are unclear or not uniformly enforced, putting us at a competitive disadvantage if we do not provide services related to internet wagering in such countries. 
 Our success depends upon our ability to adapt to, and offer products and services that keep pace with, changing technology and evolving industry standards. 
 Our ability to anticipate or respond to changing technology and evolving industry standards and to develop and introduce new and enhanced products and services, including, but not limited to, gaming content, gaming machines, CMSs, table products and digital gaming products and services, on a timely basis or at all is a significant factor affecting our ability to remain competitive, retain existing contracts or business and expand and attract new customers and players. We cannot assure that we will achieve the necessary technological advances or have the financial resources needed to introduce new products or services on a timely basis or at all. 
 Rules governing new technological developments, such as developments in generative artificial intelligence AI ), remain unsettled, and these developments may affect aspects of our existing business model, including how we create our gaming products. 
 Introducing new and innovative products and services requires us to adapt and refine our manufacturing, operations and delivery capabilities to meet the needs of our product innovation. If we cannot efficiently adapt our manufacturing infrastructure to meet the needs associated with our product innovations, or if we are unable to develop products or upgrade our production capacity in a timely manner, our business could be negatively impacted. In the past, we have experienced delays in launching new products and services due to the complex or innovative technologies embedded in our products and services. Such delays can adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We invest significant resources in our R D efforts, which may not lead to successful or commercially viable new technologies, services or products. 
 We have invested, and intend to make future investments of, significant resources in R D efforts. We invest in a number of areas, including product development for game and system based hardware, software and game content. In addition, because of the sophistication of our newer products and the resources committed to their development, they are generally more expensive to produce and, for SciPlay and iGaming technologies, to maintain. If our new services and products do not gain market acceptance or the increase in the average selling price of these new products is not proportionate to the increase in production cost, in each case as compared to our prior products, or if the average cost of production does not go down over time, whether by reason of long-term customer acceptance, or if we are unable to successfully execute on our cross-platform strategy, our ability to find greater efficiencies in the manufacturing process as we refine our production capabilities or a general decrease in the cost of the technology, our margins will suffer and could negatively impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. We cannot assure that our investment in R D will lead to successful new technologies or products. If a new service or product is not successful, we may not recover our development, regulatory approval or promotion costs. 
 25 

Our success depends on our ability to produce new and innovative products and services that respond to customer demand and create strong and sustained player appeal. 
 Our success depends upon our ability to respond to dynamic customer demand by producing new and innovative products and services. The process of developing new products and services is inherently complex and uncertain. If we fail to accurately anticipate customer needs and end user preferences through the development of new products and services, we could lose business to our competitors, which would adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Our businesses develop and source game content both internally and through third party suppliers. We also seek to secure third party brands for incorporation into our game content. We believe that creative and appealing game content produces more revenue for our gaming machine customers and provides them with a competitive advantage, which in turn enhances our revenue and our ability to attract new business and to retain existing business. We cannot assure that we will be able to sustain the success of our existing game content or effectively develop or obtain from third parties game content or licensed brands that will be widely accepted both by our customers and players. 
 Our success also depends on creating products and services with strong and sustained player appeal. We are under continuous pressure to anticipate player reactions to, and acceptance of, our new products, avoid declining play levels on our leased gaming machines and continue to provide successful products that generate a high level of play. In some cases, a new game or gaming machine will only be accepted by our casino or digital gaming customers if we can demonstrate that it is likely to produce more revenue and Net win and/or has more player appeal than our existing products and services or our competitors products and services. WAP, premium and daily fee Participation gaming machines are replaced on short notice by casino operators if they do not meet and sustain revenue and profitability expectations. Customers may cancel pending orders with us if our products are not performing to expectations at other casinos. 
 In addition, the social gaming landscape is rapidly evolving and is characterized by major fluctuations in the popularity of social products and platforms, such as the dramatic increase in the popularity of mobile platforms. We may be unable to develop products at a rate necessary to respond to these changes, or at all, or that anticipate the interests of social players. Likewise, our SciPlay offerings operate largely through Facebook, Google, Apple , Amazon and Microsoft platforms. If alternative platforms increase in popularity, we could be adversely impacted if we fail to timely create compatible versions of our products. 
 Competition is intense in the digital and social gaming landscape. The increased importance of digital content delivery in our industry increases the potential competition in our SciPlay and iGaming businesses, as the minimum capital needed to produce and publish a digitally delivered game, particularly a new game for mobile platforms, may be significantly less than that needed to produce and publish one that is purchased through retail distribution. As more competitors enter the market, our operating results may be negatively impacted. 
 Our inability to complete acquisitions and integrate those businesses successfully could limit our growth or disrupt our plans and operations. 
 Our growth strategy might include our pursuit of strategic acquisitions. Our ability to succeed in implementing our acquisition strategy will depend to some degree upon our ability to identify and complete commercially viable acquisitions, including multiple acquisitions carried out simultaneously and in short time frames. We cannot assure that acquisition opportunities will be available on acceptable terms or at all, or that we will be able to obtain necessary financing or regulatory approvals to complete potential acquisitions. 
 We may not be able to successfully integrate any businesses that we acquire or do so within the intended timeframes. We could face significant challenges in managing and integrating our acquisitions and our combined operations, including acquired assets, operations and personnel. Our recent acquisition of the remaining approximately 17 equity interest in SciPlay not already owned by us pursuant to the SciPlay Merger has required us to take certain actions to appropriately integrate into our operations in compliance with the terms of the merger agreement. In addition, the expected cost synergies or any other anticipated benefits associated with such acquisitions may not be fully realized in the anticipated amounts or within the contemplated timeframes or cost expectations, which could result in increased costs and have an adverse effect on our prospects, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. We expect to incur incremental costs and capital expenditures related to our contemplated integration activities. 
 Acquisition transactions may disrupt our ongoing business. The integration of acquisitions requires significant time and focus from management and may divert attention from the day to day operations of the combined business or delay the achievement of our strategic objectives. 
 26 

We depend on our suppliers and contract manufacturers, and any failure of these parties to meet our performance and quality standards or requirements could cause us to incur additional costs or lose customers. 
 Our operating results could be adversely affected by an interruption or cessation in the supply of these items or a serious quality assurance lapse, including as a result of the insolvency of any of our key suppliers. 
 Similarly, the manufacture and maintenance of our gaming machines and gaming systems are dependent upon a regular and continuous supply of raw materials and components, many of which are manufactured or produced outside of the U.S. Certain of the components we use are customized for our products. The assembly of certain of our products and other hardware is performed by third parties. Any interruption or cessation in the supply of these items or services or any material quality assurance lapse with respect thereto could materially adversely affect our ability to fulfill customer orders, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. We may be unable to find adequate replacements for our suppliers within a reasonable time frame, on favorable commercial terms or at all. The impact of the foregoing may be magnified as we continue to seek to streamline our gaming supply chain by reducing the number of our suppliers. Further, manufacturing costs may unexpectedly increase and we may not be able to successfully recover any or all of such cost increases. Additionally, in 2021, we experienced pressures on the supply chain related to parts sourcing, which contributed to approximately 5 million of inventory obsolescence charge. Because of the use of certain shared parts in some of our gaming machines in both old and new cabinets, supply chain pressures on availability of these parts may require us to re-allocate shared parts, rendering further units obsolete if such conditions sustain for an extended period of time. 
 In all of our businesses, we rely upon a number of significant third-party suppliers and vendors delivering parts, equipment and services on schedule in order for us to meet our contractual commitments. Furthermore, we outsource the manufacturing of certain of our sub-assemblies to third parties in the U.S., Europe, Central America and Asia. The willingness of such third parties to provide their services to us may be affected by various factors. Changes in law or regulation in any jurisdiction in which we operate may make the provision of key services to us unlawful in such jurisdictions. To the extent that third parties are unwilling or unable to provide services to us, this may have an adverse impact on our operations, financial performance and prospects. Failure of these third parties to meet their delivery commitments could result in us being in breach of, and subsequently losing, the affected customer orders, which loss could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. We rely on network and/or telecommunications services for certain of our products. For instance, any disruption to our network or telecommunications could impact our linked or networked games, which could reduce our revenue. 
 In our SciPlay and iGaming businesses, we often rely on third-party data center providers to, among other things, host our remote game servers. Our SciPlay and iGaming businesses could be adversely impacted by breaches of or disruptions to these third-party data centers, including through disruptions in our RMG business, potential service level penalties with respect to our customers, reputational harm, the disclosure of proprietary information or the information of our customers or the theft of our or our customers assets, and to the extent any such data center provider was unable or unwilling to continue to provide services to us. 
 In certain regions, we enter into agreements with local distributors for the distribution of our land-based gaming products to one or more customers. Changes to these distributor relationships, including modification or termination of our agreements or difficulties with any such distributor could prevent us from delivering products or services to our customers on a timely basis, or at all, and could negatively impact our business. 
 Our SciPlay business largely depends upon our relationships with key third-party platform providers, who we rely on to make our games available to players and to collect revenue, and changes in those relationships could negatively impact our SciPlay business. 
 In our SciPlay business, our social gaming offerings operate through Apple , Google , Facebook and Amazon , which also serve as significant online distribution platforms for our games, and some of our games are also available on the Microsoft platform. Substantially all of our SciPlay revenue was generated by players using those platforms. 
 Consequently, our expansion and prospects of our SciPlay offerings depend on our continued relationships with these providers, and any emerging platform providers that are widely adopted by our target player base. We are subject to the standard terms and conditions that these platform providers have for application developers, which govern the promotion, distribution and operation of games and other applications on their platforms, and which the platform providers can change unilaterally on short or without notice. Version updates, such as Apple's iOS 14.5 update in April 2021, which included changes to its AppTracking Transparency policy, now require user permission before developers can track a user across apps and websites owned by other companies or access a user s device s identifier for advertisers IDFA ), which has reduced the quantity and quality of data available to us. This change has particularly impacted SciPlay s strategy for the games produced by its subsidiary Alictus, with Alictus having begun preparing its games primarily for Google s Android platform. Google s 
 27 

planned Google advertising identification deprecation, expected in 2024 or thereafter, may further impact SciPlay strategy. These changes could, among other things, have a detrimental impact on our ability to conduct targeted advertising on platforms, increase the cost to obtain new users and impact the return on investment of advertising spend. The impact of these changes has been a catalyst for SciPlay to explore, and continue to engage with, traditional media, expanded relationships with social media influencers and other innovative marketing solutions. Our SciPlay business will also be adversely impacted if we are unable to continue these relationships in the future or if the terms and conditions offered by these providers are altered to our disadvantage. For instance, if any of these providers were to increase their fees, our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition would suffer. Additionally, our SciPlay business would be harmed if: 
 these platform providers discontinue or limit our access to their platforms; 
 governments or private parties, such as internet providers, impose bandwidth restrictions or increase charges or restrict or prohibit access to those platforms; 
 these platforms decline in popularity; 
 these platforms modify their current discovery mechanisms, communication channels available to developers, respective terms of service or other policies, including fees; 
 these platforms impose restrictions or make it more difficult for players to buy coins, chips and cards; or 
 these platforms change how the personal information of players is made available to developers or develop their own competitive offerings. 
 If alternative platforms increase in popularity, we could be adversely impacted if we fail to create compatible versions of our games in a timely manner, or if we fail to establish a relationship with such alternative platforms. Likewise, if our platform providers alter their operating platforms, we could be adversely impacted as our offerings may not be compatible with the altered platforms or may require significant and costly modifications in order to become compatible. If our platform providers were to develop competitive offerings, either on their own or in cooperation with one or more competitors, our growth prospects could be negatively impacted. If our platform providers do not perform their obligations in accordance with our platform agreements, we could be adversely impacted. 
 In the past, some of these platform providers have been unavailable for short periods of time or experienced issues with their features that permit our players to purchase coins, chips and cards, and these events may occur again. Circumstances such as platform software updates, platform system changes or general outages may impair our players ability to access their previously acquired coins, chips and cards and purchase additional coins, chips and cards. We attempt to work with our internal publishing and developer partners to resolve such events timely. However, if such events recur on a prolonged basis or other similar issues arise that impact players ability to download our games, access social features or purchase coins, chips and cards, it could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, operating results and brand. 
 Our future results of operations may be negatively impacted by ownership changes and consolidation in the gaming industry, including by casino operators. 
 As repeat customers represent a substantial part of our Gaming business revenue, our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition could be negatively affected if our casino customers are sold to or merge with other entities. Such entities may purchase more products and services from our competitors, reduce spending on our products or cause downward pricing pressures. Consolidation among casino operators could result in order cancellations or a slowing in the replacement cycle for existing gaming machines, or could require our current customers to purchase our competitors products, any of which could negatively impact our Gaming business. 
 Our results of operations fluctuate due to seasonality and other factors and, therefore, our periodic operating results are not guarantees of future performance. 
 Our results of operations can fluctuate due to seasonal trends and other factors. Sales of our gaming machines to casinos are generally strongest in the second half of the year and slowest in the first half of the year, while revenue from our Participation gaming machines is generally highest in the spring and summer. Player activity for SciPlay is generally slower in the second and third quarters of the year, particularly during the summer months. Player activity for our iGaming business, specifically digital casino operators, is generally slower in the third quarter during the summer months and is generally higher in the fourth quarter. Certain other seasonal trends and factors that may cause our results to fluctuate include: the geographies where we operate; holiday and vacation seasons; climate and weather; economic and political conditions; timing of the release of new products; significant equipment sales or the introduction of gaming activities in new jurisdictions or to new customers; and other factors. 
 28 

In light of the foregoing, results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved in another quarter or for the full fiscal year. We cannot assure that the seasonal trends and other factors that have impacted our historical results will repeat in future periods as we cannot influence or forecast many of these factors. 
 Risks Relating to our Capital Structure 
 Changes in, or the elimination of, our share repurchase program could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock . 
 As part of our capital allocation strategy, our Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program under which the Company is authorized to repurchase, from time to time, through February 25, 2025, up to an aggregate amount of 750 million of our outstanding stock. Decisions regarding share repurchases are within the discretion of the Board of Directors and can be influenced by a number of factors, including the price of our common stock, general business and economic conditions and our financial condition and operating results and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Even if fully implemented, our share repurchase program may not enhance long-term stockholder value. Changes in, or the elimination of, our share repurchase program could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. For more information on our share repurchase program, refer to Note 17. 
 Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We have a history of significant indebtedness. As of December 31, 2023, we had total indebtedness of 3.9 billion, net of unamortized discounts and deferred financing costs, consisting primarily of borrowings under the LNWI Credit Agreement, and Senior Notes. As of December 31, 2023, our total available liquidity was 1.2 billion, which included 740 million of undrawn availability under the LNWI Revolver. 
 Our level of indebtedness could affect our ability to obtain financing or refinance existing indebtedness; require us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to interest and principal payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic, industry or competitive developments or conditions; and limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the industries in which we operate or in pursuing our strategic objectives. In addition, we are exposed to the risk of higher interest rates as a significant portion of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest. If interest rates continue to increase, the interest payment obligations under our non-hedged variable rate indebtedness would increase even if the amount borrowed remained the same, and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition would be negatively impacted. All of these factors became more severe given the unfavorable economic conditions and uncertainties and decrease in discretionary spending and consumer travel as a result of rising inflation and could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that may have less debt than we do. 
 We may not have sufficient cash flows from operating activities, to service all of our indebtedness and other obligations, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations, which may not be successful. 
 Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and other obligations depends on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, which in turn are subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness and our other obligations. 
 We are required to make scheduled payments of principal on the term loans borrowed under our credit facilities, and our credit facilities require that a portion of our excess cash flow be applied to prepay amounts borrowed under our credit facilities. We are also required to repay the entire principal amount of our Senior Notes at their maturity (see Note 15). We have also, from time to time, repurchased or otherwise retired or refinanced our debt, through our subsidiaries or otherwise and may continue to do so in the future. Such activities, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, contractual restrictions and other factors, and the amounts involved may or may not be material. If we need to refinance all or part of our indebtedness at or before maturity, we cannot assure that we will be able to obtain new financing or to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 Our lenders, including the lenders participating in the LNWI Revolver under the LNWI Credit Agreement, may become insolvent or tighten their lending standards, which could make it more difficult for us to borrow under the LNWI Revolver or to obtain other financing on favorable terms or at all. Our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition would be adversely affected if we were unable to draw funds under the LNWI Revolver because of a lender default or to obtain other cost-effective financing. Any default by a lender in its obligation to fund its commitment under the LNWI Revolver (or its participation in letters of credit) could limit our liquidity to the extent of the defaulting lender s commitment. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow in the future to meet our commitments, we will be required to adopt one or more alternatives, 
 29 

such as refinancing or restructuring our indebtedness, selling material assets or operations or seeking to raise additional debt or equity capital. We cannot assure that any of these actions could be completed on a timely basis or on satisfactory terms or at all, or that these actions would enable us to continue to satisfy our capital requirements. Moreover, our existing debt agreements contain, and our future debt agreements may contain, restrictive covenants that may prohibit us from adopting these alternatives. Our failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of our debt. 
 Agreements governing our indebtedness impose certain restrictions that may affect our ability to operate our business. Failure to comply with any of these restrictions could result in the acceleration of the maturity of our indebtedness and require us to make payments on our indebtedness. Were this to occur, we would not have sufficient cash to pay our accelerated indebtedness. 
 Agreements governing our indebtedness, including the LNWI Credit Agreement and the indentures governing our Senior Notes, impose, and future financing agreements are likely to impose, operating and financial restrictions on our activities that may adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in new business activities. Subject to certain exceptions, our credit facilities and/or indentures restrict our ability to, among other things: 
 declare dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock; 
 prepay, redeem or purchase other debt; 
 incur liens; 
 make loans, guarantees, acquisitions and investments; 
 incur additional indebtedness; 
 engage in sale and leaseback transactions; 
 amend or otherwise alter debt and other material agreements; 
 engage in mergers, acquisitions or asset sales; 
 engage in transactions with affiliates; 
 enter into arrangements that would prohibit us from granting liens or restrict our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends, make loans or transfer assets; and 
 alter the business we conduct. 
 In connection with the April 2022 Refinancing, we entered into the LNWI Credit Agreement. The LNWI Credit Agreement contains a covenant that is tested at the end of each fiscal quarter and requires us to not exceed a maximum Consolidated Net First Lien Leverage Ratio (as defined in the LNWI Credit Agreement) of 4.50x Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the LNWI Credit Agreement); provided that such Consolidated Net First Lien Leverage Ratio is only tested if the aggregate revolving extensions of credit (excluding certain letters of credit) exceeds 30 of the aggregate revolving commitments under the LNWI Credit Agreement. 
 Various risks, uncertainties and events beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with these covenants. Accordingly, we cannot assure that we will continue to maintain liquidity sufficient to satisfy our current obligations or comply with the Consolidated Net First Lien Leverage Ratio covenant set forth in the LNWI Credit Agreement. 
 We also cannot assure that we will be granted waivers or amendments to the agreements governing our indebtedness if for any reason we are unable to comply with these obligations or that we will be able to refinance our debt on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 
 We may not have sufficient cash flows from operating activities, cash on hand and available borrowings under our credit facilities to finance required capital expenditures under new contracts and meet our other cash needs or satisfy our minimum liquidity covenant. These obligations require a significant amount of cash, which would reduce our available liquidity. 
 Our Gaming operations business generally requires significant upfront capital expenditures for gaming machine, software customization and implementation, systems and equipment installation and telecommunications configuration. In connection with a Gaming operations contract, our customers often obtain new gaming machines, which may require additional capital expenditures in order to fulfill the contract. 
 Historically, we have funded these upfront cash outflows through cash flows generated from operations, available cash on hand and borrowings under our credit facilities. Our ability to generate revenue and to continue to procure new contracts will depend on, among other things, our then present liquidity levels or our ability to obtain additional financing on commercially reasonable terms. 
 30 

If we do not have adequate liquidity or are unable to obtain financing for these upfront cash outflows and other cash needs on favorable terms or at all, we may not be able to fulfill certain contracts, which could result in our losing business or restrict our ability to grow, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Moreover, we may not realize the return on investment that we anticipate on such contracts due to a variety of factors, including lower than anticipated retail sales or amounts wagered, higher than anticipated capital or operating expenses and unanticipated regulatory developments or litigation. We may not have adequate liquidity to pursue other aspects of our strategy, including bringing our products and services to new customers or new or underpenetrated geographies or pursuing strategic acquisitions. In the event we pursue significant acquisitions or other expansion opportunities, conduct significant repurchases of our outstanding securities, or refinance or repay existing debt, we may need to raise additional capital either through the public or private issuance of equity or debt securities or through additional borrowings under our existing financing arrangements, which sources of funds may not necessarily be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all, especially under the current unfavorable economic conditions. 
 Under LNW s Credit Agreement we currently have restrictions on our ability to incur indebtedness and liens, make restricted payments and investments and prepay junior indebtedness, subject to certain exceptions. 
 Our secondary listing of the Company s common stock on the Australian Securities Exchange could lead to price variations and other impacts on holders of our common stock. 
 On May 22, 2023 (AEST), our common stock was listed as CDIs on the ASX and commenced active trading under the ASX code LNW, in addition to our existing primary listing on The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq ). Dual listing may result in price variations between our securities listed on the different exchanges due to a number of factors, including that our common stock listed on the Nasdaq is traded in U.S. dollars and any CDIs listed on the ASX are traded in Australian Dollars, volatility in the exchange rate of the two currencies and differences between the vacation schedules, trading schedules and time zones of the two exchanges, among other factors. A decrease in the price of our securities in one market may result in a decrease in the price of our securities in the other market. Dual listing also presents us with the opportunity to raise additional funds through the issuance of CDIs, which could cause dilution to existing stockholders. 
 SciPlay becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company subjects us to a number of risks and uncertainties, including whether it will yield additional value for our stockholders and adversely impact our business, financial results, results of operations, cash flows or stock price. 
 On October 23, 2023, we acquired the remaining approximately 17 equity interest in SciPlay not already owned by us pursuant to the SciPlay Merger in an all-cash transaction for 496 million, excluding transaction fees and expenses. SciPlay becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company exposes us to a number of risks and uncertainties, including that L W may be unable to achieve the expected operational, strategic and financial benefits of the SciPlay Merger; difficulties in retaining or motivating key management personnel of SciPlay; and exposure to potential litigation. Any of these factors could disrupt our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or stock price. 
 We may incur significant costs as a result of being publicly traded in the United States and Australia. 
 Our common stock is publicly traded in both the United States and Australia, which causes us to incur significant legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses related to compliance with applicable regulations. To meet the challenges posed by being publicly traded in the United States and Australia, our management and other key personnel devote significant time and effort on compliance initiatives. Our compliance efforts increase our legal and financial costs and could require our personnel to devote greater time to ensure compliance with the relevant rules and regulations in both jurisdictions. In addition, our failure to successfully satisfy our obligations could subject us to delisting of our common stock, fines, sanctions, and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation. 
 Moreover, to comply with the ASX Listing Rules, we have policies and procedures that we believe are designed to successfully satisfy our obligations under the ASX Listing Rules. Failure or inability to follow these procedures and policies, or they are not sufficient to prevent non-compliance, could subject us to liability, fines and lawsuits. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, which could result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue generating activities to compliance activities. If, notwithstanding our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards, we fail to comply, regulatory actions against us could harm our business. 
 31 

Risks Relating to our Technology 
 Our success depends on the security and integrity of the systems and products we offer, and security breaches, including cybersecurity breaches, or other disruptions could compromise our information or the information of our customers and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 We believe that our success depends, in large part, on providing secure products, services and systems to our customers, and on our ability to avoid, detect, replicate and correct software and hardware anomalies and fraudulent manipulation of our products and services. Our businesses sometimes involve the storage, processing and transmission of players proprietary, confidential and personal information. We also maintain certain other proprietary and confidential information relating to our business and personal information of our personnel. All of our products and services are designed with security features to prevent fraudulent activity. However, we cannot guarantee that these security features will effectively stop all fraudulent activities. Despite our security measures, our products, services and systems are vulnerable to attacks by hackers, customers, retailers, vendors or employees and could be breached due to malfeasance or other disruptions. Any security breach or incident that we experience could result in unauthorized access to, misuse of, or unauthorized acquisition of our or our players data, the loss, corruption or alteration of this data, interruptions in our operations, or damage to our computers or systems or those of our players or third-party platforms. Any of these could expose us to claims, litigation, fines and potential liability. 
 Our ability to prevent anomalies and monitor and ensure the quality and integrity of our products and services is periodically reviewed and enhanced, but may not be sufficient to prevent future attacks, breaches or disruptions. Similarly, we regularly assess the adequacy of our security systems, including the security of our games and software, to protect against any material loss to any of our customers and our players, as well as the integrity of our products and services to end users and the integrity of our games to players. We develop and maintain an information security program to identify and mitigate cyber risks, but the development and maintenance of this program is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Accordingly, expanded use of the internet and other interactive technologies may result in increased security risks for us and our customers. We cannot assure that our business or a business we acquire will not be or has not been affected by fraudulent activities or a security breach or lapse, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Online transactions may be subject to sophisticated schemes to defraud, launder money or other illegal activities. There is a risk that our products or systems may be used for those purposes by our customers players. There is also a risk that we will be subject to fraudulent activities by our employees. In addition, our gaming machines have experienced anomalies and fraudulent manipulation in the past. Games and gaming machines may be replaced by casinos and other gaming machine operators if they do not perform according to expectations, or they may be shut down by regulators. The occurrence of anomalies in, or fraudulent manipulation of, our gaming machines or our other products and services (including our SciPlay and iGaming products and services), may give rise to claims from players or customers, may lead to claims for lost revenue and profits and related litigation by our customers and may subject us to investigation or other action by regulatory authorities, including suspension or revocation of our licenses or other disciplinary action. Additionally, in the event of the occurrence of any such issues with our products and services, substantial engineering and marketing resources may be diverted from other projects to correct these issues, which may delay other projects and the achievement of our strategic objectives. 
 An increasing number of online services have disclosed security breaches, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks on portions of their services. If our information or cybersecurity systems or data are compromised in a material way, our ability to conduct our business may be impaired, we may lose profitable opportunities or the value of those opportunities may be diminished. If personal information of our customers or employees is misappropriated, our reputation with our customers and employees may be damaged resulting in loss of business or morale. The gaming industry, specifically, has been, and could remain, a common target of cyber-attacks. We, and the gaming industry as a whole, expect to face continued attempts to gain unauthorized access to or through our information systems, including cyber-attacks by computer programmers and hackers who may develop and deploy malicious software programs to gain access to our users information. These attacks could target our information systems as well as those of our business partners, employees, service providers, or other third parties. To date, attacks in the gaming industry have not had a material impact on our operations or financial results. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not foreseeable or recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or perceived breach of our security, or the security of a business we acquire, occurs, public perception of the effectiveness of our security measures and brand, or the security measures and brand of a business we acquire, could be harmed, and we could lose players. Data security breaches and other data security incidents may also result from non-technical means, for example, actions by employees or contractors. Any compromise of our security, or the security of a business we acquire, could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, regulatory or other governmental investigations, enforcement actions, and legal and financial exposure, including potential contractual liability that 
 32 

is not always limited to the amounts covered by our insurance. Any such compromise could also result in damage to our reputation and a loss of confidence in our security measures. Any of these effects could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Our business depends on the protection of our intellectual property and proprietary information. 
 We believe that our success depends, in part, on protecting our intellectual property in the U.S. and in foreign countries. Our intellectual property includes certain patents, trademarks and copyrights relating to our products and services (including gaming machines, digital gaming products, table games, shufflers and accessories, and gaming systems), and proprietary or confidential information that is not subject to patent or similar protection. Our success may depend, in part, on our ability to obtain protection for the trademarks, trade dress, names, logos or symbols under which we market our products and to obtain and maintain copyright and patent protection for our proprietary technologies, designs, software and innovations. We cannot assure that we will be able to build and maintain consumer value in our trademarks, obtain patent, trademark or copyright protection or that any patent, trademark or copyright will provide us with competitive advantages. In particular, the U.S. Supreme Court recently tightened the standard for patent eligibility of software patents. Despite revised U.S. Patent and Trademark Office guidelines in 2019, similar decisions in the future may negatively impact the validity or enforceability of certain of our patents, our ability to protect our inventions, innovations and new technology and the value of our substantial patent portfolio. Under a patent cross-licensing agreement with IGT, which relates to technology that is used in substantially all of our gaming machines, we can offer games using patented game features from the patent portfolios of other members of IGT s slot game features program, and such members can likewise offer games using patented game features from our patent portfolio. This arrangement may diminish the competitive advantage our slot games may derive from our patents. 
 Our intellectual property protects the integrity of our games, systems, products and services. Competitors may independently develop similar or superior products, software or systems, which could negatively impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In cases where our technology or product is not protected by enforceable intellectual property rights, such independent development may result in a significant diminution in the value of such technology or product. 
 We also rely on trade secrets and proprietary knowledge. We enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees and independent contractors regarding our trade secrets and proprietary information, but we cannot assure that the obligation to maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets and proprietary information will be honored. 
 We are currently making, and in the future may make, claims of infringement, invalidity or enforceability against third parties. For example, with the emergence of digital gaming, we have increased enforcement against parties that infringe our intellectual property. 
 This enforcement could: 
 cause us to incur greater costs and expenses in the protection of our intellectual property; 
 potentially negatively impact our intellectual property rights; 
 cause one or more of our patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property interests to be ruled or rendered unenforceable or invalid; or 
 divert management s attention and our resources. 
 In addition, the availability of certain legal protections for intellectual property generated by new technologies, such as generative AI, is uncertain. Successful challenges to our rights in intellectual property may result in increased costs for obtaining rights or the loss of the opportunity to earn revenue from or utilize the intellectual property that is the subject of challenged rights. 
 We rely on the ability to use the intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 We rely on products, technologies and intellectual property that we license from third parties, including from our competitors, for use in our Gaming, SciPlay and iGaming businesses. Substantially all of our gaming machines and portions of our SciPlay and iGaming offerings and services use intellectual property licensed from third parties. The future success of our business may depend, in part, on our ability to obtain, retain and/or expand licenses for popular technologies and games in a competitive market. We cannot assure that these third party licenses, or support for such licensed products and technologies, will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. In the event that we cannot renew and/or expand existing licenses, we may be required to discontinue or limit our use of the products that include or incorporate the licensed intellectual property. 
 Some of our license agreements contain minimum guaranteed royalty payments to the third party. If we are unable to generate sufficient revenue to offset the minimum guaranteed royalty payments, it could have a material adverse effect on our 
 33 

results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Our license agreements typically contain restrictions on our ability to use or transfer the licensed rights in connection with certain strategic transactions. Certain of our license agreements grant the licensor rights to audit our use of the licensor s intellectual property. Disputes with licensors over uses or terms could result in the payment of additional royalties or penalties by us, cancellation or non renewal of the underlying license or litigation. 
 The regulatory review process and licensing requirements also may preclude us from using technologies owned or developed by third parties if those parties are unwilling to subject themselves to regulatory review or do not meet regulatory requirements. Some gaming authorities require gaming manufacturers to obtain approval before engaging in certain transactions, such as acquisitions, mergers, reorganizations, financings, stock offerings and share repurchases. Obtaining such approvals can be costly and time consuming, and we cannot assure that such approvals will be granted or that the approval process will not result in delays or disruptions to our strategic objectives. 
 We rely on information technology and other systems, and any failures in our systems or errors, defects or disruptions in our products and services could diminish our brand and reputation, subject us to liability and have disrupted and could disrupt our business and adversely impact our results. 
 We rely on information technology systems that are important to the operation of our business, some of which are managed by third parties. These third parties are typically under no obligation to renew agreements and there is no guarantee that we will be able to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. These systems are used to process, transmit and store electronic information, to manage and support our business operations and to maintain internal control over our financial reporting. In addition, we collect and store certain data, including proprietary business information, and may have access to confidential or personal information in certain of our businesses that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and customer-imposed controls. We could encounter difficulties in developing new systems, maintaining and upgrading current systems and preventing security breaches. Among other things, our systems are susceptible to damage, outages, disruptions or shutdowns due to fire, floods, power loss, break ins, cyber attacks, network penetration, denial of service attacks and similar events. While we have and will continue to implement information security measures and data protection safeguards, our servers and other computer systems are vulnerable to any number of threats, including viruses, ransomware, malicious software, hacking, break ins or theft, data privacy or security breaches, third party security breaches, employee error or malfeasance and similar events. Failures in our systems or services or unauthorized access to or tampering with our systems and databases could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Any failures in our computer systems or telecommunications services could affect our ability to operate our linked games or otherwise conduct business. 
 A meaningful portion of our SciPlay and iGaming gaming traffic is hosted by third-party data centers, such as Amazon Web Services , CONTINENT 8 and CLARANET . Such third parties provide us with computing and storage capacity, and are under no obligation to renew the agreements related to these services with us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms, or if one of our data center operators is acquired, we may be required to transfer our servers and other infrastructure to new data center facilities and we may incur significant costs and possible lengthy service interruptions in connection with doing so, potentially causing harm to our reputation. If a game is unavailable or operates more slowly than anticipated when a player attempts to access it, that player may stop playing the game and be less likely to return to the game. 
 Portions of our information technology infrastructure, including those operated by third parties, have and may again experience interruptions, delays or cessations of service or produce errors in connection with systems integration or migration work that takes place from time to time. We may not be successful in implementing new systems and transitioning data, which could cause business disruptions and be more expensive, time-consuming, disruptive and resource-intensive. We have no control over third parties that provide services to us and those parties could suffer problems or make decisions adverse to our business. We have contingency plans in place to prevent or mitigate the impact of these events. However, such disruptions could materially and adversely impact our ability to deliver products or services to customers and interrupt other processes. For example, in 2019, the content delivery tool Flash was deprecated by its manufacturer Adobe , resulting in player friction and disruptions in delivering our SciPlay and iGaming services to our customers. If our information systems do not allow us to transmit accurate information, even for a short period of time, to key decision makers, the ability to manage our business could be disrupted and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. Failure to properly or adequately address these issues could impact our ability to perform necessary business operations, which could materially and adversely affect our reputation, competitive position, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Several of our products and services rely on data transferred over the internet. Access to the internet in a timely fashion is necessary to provide a satisfactory user experience to the consumers of our products. Third parties, such as telecommunications companies, could prevent access to the internet or limit the speed of our data transmissions, with or without reason, causing an adverse impact on our user experience that may materially and adversely affect our reputation, competitive position, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, telecommunications companies may implement 
 34 

certain measures, such as increased cost or restrictions based on the type or amount of data transmitted, that would impact consumers ability to access our products, which could materially and adversely affect our reputation, competitive position, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Furthermore, internet penetration may be adversely affected by difficult global economic conditions or the cancellation of government programs to expand broadband access. 
 If we or a company we acquire sustains cyber-attacks or other privacy or data security incidents that result in security breaches, we could suffer a loss of sales and increased costs, exposure to significant liability, reputational harm, regulatory fines or punishment and other negative consequences. 
 Our information technology systems and infrastructure are subject to cyber-attacks from vectors, including but not limited to viruses, ransomware, malicious software, break-ins, theft, computer hacking, employee error or malfeasance or other security breaches. Hackers and data thieves are increasingly sophisticated and operate large-scale and complex automated attacks. The gaming industry, specifically, has been, and could remain, a heightened target of cyber-attacks. Threats to our information technology systems and infrastructure include: 
 experienced computer programmers and hackers who are able to penetrate our security controls and misappropriate or compromise sensitive personal, proprietary or confidential information, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns or who are able to develop and deploy malicious software programs that attack our systems or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities; 
 security incidents, acts of vandalism or theft, coordinated attacks by activist entities, misplaced or lost data, human errors or other similar events that could negatively affect our systems and the data stored on those systems, and the data of our business partners; and 
 third parties, such as hosted solution providers, that provide services to us, are also a source of security risk in the event of a failure of their own security systems and infrastructure. 
 The costs to eliminate or address the foregoing security threats and vulnerabilities before or after a cyber incident could be significant. Our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays or cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential suppliers or customers. In addition, breaches of our security measures and the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal, proprietary or confidential information about us, our business partners or other third parties could expose us to significant potential liability and reputational harm. We have made, and will continue to make, significant investments in the protection of our systems, networks and intellectual property. We conduct a program of continuous self-evaluation and improvement as we seek to mitigate cyber risk. However, as threats related to cyber-attacks develop and grow, we may also find it necessary to make further investments to protect our data and infrastructure, which may impact our results of operations. Although we have insurance coverage for protecting against damages resulting from cyber-attacks, it may not be sufficient to cover all possible claims, and we may suffer losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our insurance coverage for protecting against damages resulting from cyber-attacks does not cover incidents which occur at companies we acquire after such cyber-attack. Any successful cyber-attack or breach of our cybersecurity measures, or those of our service providers or other third parties, could violate various privacy, data protection, data security, network and information systems security and other laws, resulting in legal and financial exposure. In addition, such an attack could cause adverse publicity and a loss of confidence in our security measures. If our information or cybersecurity systems or data are compromised in a material way, our ability to conduct our business may be impaired, we may lose profitable opportunities or the value of those opportunities may be diminished. As a global enterprise, we could also be negatively impacted by existing and proposed U.S. and non-U.S. laws and regulations, and government policies and practices related to cybersecurity, data privacy, data localization and data protection. 
 In addition, our customers may encourage, or require, compliance with certain security standards, such as the voluntary cybersecurity framework released by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), which consists of controls designed to identify and manage cyber-security risks, and we could be negatively impacted to the extent we are unable to meet such standards. 
 The intellectual property rights of others may prevent us from developing new products and services, entering new markets or may expose us to liability or costly litigation. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to continually adapt our products and systems to incorporate new technologies and to expand into markets that may be created by new technologies. If technologies are protected by the intellectual property rights of our competitors or other third parties, we may be prevented from introducing products based on these technologies or expanding into markets created by these technologies. If the intellectual property rights of others prevent us from taking advantage of innovative technologies, our prospects, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 35 

We cannot assure that our business activities, games, products, services and systems will not infringe upon the proprietary rights of others, or that other parties will not assert infringement claims against us. In addition to infringement claims, third parties may allege claims of invalidity or unenforceability against us or against our licensees or manufacturers in connection with their use of our technology. A successful challenge to, or invalidation of, one of our intellectual property interests, a successful claim of infringement by a third party against us, our products or services, or one of our licensees in connection with the use of our technologies, or an unsuccessful claim of infringement made by us against a third party or its products or services could adversely affect our business or cause us financial harm. Any such claim and any resulting litigation, should it occur, could: 
 be expensive and time-consuming to defend or require us to pay significant amounts in damages; 
 invalidate our proprietary rights; 
 cause us to cease making, licensing or using products or services that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; 
 require us to redesign, reengineer or rebrand our products or services or limit our ability to bring new products and services to the market in the future; 
 require us to enter into costly or burdensome royalty, licensing or settlement agreements in order to obtain or retain the right to use a product, process or component; 
 impact the commercial viability of the products and services that are the subject of the claim during the pendency of such claim; and/or 
 require us by way of injunction to remove products or services on lease or stop selling or leasing new products or services. 
 Failure of our technological blocking systems could result in violations of laws or regulations and have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial performance and prospects. 
 There is no guarantee that the technical blocks we implement and which our customers implement will be effective. These systems and controls are intended to ensure that our customers do not accept bets from end-users located in those jurisdictions where we have made a decision not to offer all or certain of our products and services. Any failure of such systems and controls may result in violations of applicable laws or regulations. Any claims in respect of any such violations could have cost, resource, and, in particular if successful, reputational implications, and implications on our ability to retain, renew or expand our portfolio of licenses, and so have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial performance and prospects. 
 Moreover, there is an additional, ongoing risk that the current list of jurisdictions from which our customers and the Company must block access is enlarged, as there is a possibility that regulators who grant licenses to customers and/or the Company will require the blocking of specific additional jurisdictions. Similarly, jurisdictions may update their laws or regulations in such a way as to render the supply of gaming services into that jurisdiction legally or commercially unsustainable. In all such circumstances, additional blocking activity may have a detrimental effect on our financial position. 
 If we are unable to successfully implement our global enterprise resource planning system conversion, it could disrupt our business or have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We are engaged in a multi-year conversion from certain legacy enterprise resource planning ERP systems to our primary global ERP system. The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain our books and records and provide information on our operations to management. Our ERP system migration will continue to require significant investment of human and financial resources. There are inherent risks associated with upgrading or changing systems, including inaccurate data or reporting. The process of upgrading and standardizing our ERP system is complex, time consuming and expensive. Although we believe we are taking appropriate action to mitigate these risks through, among other things, testing, training and staging implementations, we cannot assure that we will not experience data loss, disruptions, delays or negative business impacts from the upgrades. Any operational disruptions during the course of this process and any delays or deficiencies in the design and implementation of the new ERP system or in the performance of our legacy systems could materially and adversely affect our ability to operate our businesses. Additionally, while we have spent considerable efforts to plan and budget for the implementation of the new ERP system, changes in scope, timeline or cost could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Risks Relating to Legal, Political or Other Regulatory Risks 
 We and our industries are subject to strict government regulations that may limit our existing operations, have an adverse impact on our ability to grow and affect our license eligibility or expose us to fines or other penalties. 
 In the U.S. and many other countries, the provision of Gaming, SciPlay and iGaming products and services is subject to extensive and evolving regulation. These regulatory requirements vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Therefore, we are 
 36 

subject to a wide range of complex laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we are licensed or operate. Most jurisdictions require that we be licensed, that our key personnel and certain of our security holders be found suitable or be licensed, and that our products be reviewed and approved before placement. Licenses, approvals or findings of suitability may be revoked, suspended or conditioned. If a license, approval or finding of suitability is required by a regulatory authority and we fail to seek or do not receive the necessary approval, license or finding of suitability, or if it is granted and subsequently revoked, then we may be prohibited from providing our products or services for use in the particular jurisdiction. In addition, the loss of a license in one jurisdiction could trigger the loss of a license, or affect our eligibility for a license, in other jurisdictions. We may also become subject to regulation in any new jurisdictions in which we decide to operate in the future, including due to expansion of a customer s operations. Gaming authorities have levied and may levy fines against us or seize certain of our assets if we violate gaming regulations. We cannot assure that we will be able to obtain or maintain the necessary licenses or approvals or that the licensing process will not result in delays or adversely affect our operations. The failure to obtain or retain a required license or approval in any jurisdiction would decrease the geographic areas where we are permitted to operate and generate revenue, may limit our ability to obtain a license in other jurisdictions and may put us at a disadvantage relative to our competitors. 
 We cannot assure that authorities will not seek to restrict our business in their jurisdictions or institute enforcement proceedings against us. We cannot assure that any instituted enforcement proceedings will be favorably resolved, or that such proceedings will not have a material adverse impact on our ability to retain and renew existing licenses or to obtain new licenses in other jurisdictions. Our reputation may also be damaged by any legal or regulatory investigation, regardless of whether or not we are ultimately accused of, or found to have committed, any violation. 
 Often, our games, Gaming product hardware and software and our iGaming RMG must be approved in the jurisdictions in which they are operated, and we cannot assure you that such products or services will be approved in any jurisdiction. Our networked gaming technology requires regulatory approval in gaming jurisdictions prior to the shipment or implementation of any gaming machines, products or services and, although we have received approvals from the jurisdictions in which we currently operate this technology, we cannot assure that we will receive the approvals necessary to offer it in additional gaming jurisdictions. Many of our customers are required to be licensed, and delays in approvals of our customers operations or expansions may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, current regulations in a number of jurisdictions where our customers operate, such as Macau SAR and Singapore, limit the amount of space allocated to our products or limit the amount of new product available to operators to an amount that has been pre-approved by regulators. Substantial changes in any such regulations could adversely affect demand for our products. 
 On April 27, 2023, the U.K. Government published a white paper (a policy paper) setting out its comprehensive package of reform proposals, with many of those proposals subject to further consultation by the U.K. Government or British Gambling Commission. On February 23, 2024, and following its consultation that launched on July 26, 2023, the U.K. Government announced that, from September 2024, it will introduce statutory maximum online slots stake limits at 5 for those aged 25 and above and 2 for those aged 18 to 24. Additionally, the U.K. Government has also issued consultations on the land-based liberalization proposals (also closed on October 4, 2023) and the statutory levy (closed on December 14, 2023), and responses are also awaited. We also await the British Gambling Commission s response on its recent closed consultations, which are expected in March 2024, and further consultations are both pending and expected. We will continue to monitor the reform proposals and their impact on our iGaming and Gaming business segments and overall business. 
 We and certain of our affiliates, major stockholders (generally persons and entities beneficially owning a specified percentage (typically 5 or more) of our equity securities), directors, officers and key employees are subject to extensive background investigations and suitability standards in our businesses. For additional details regarding the background investigations, the risk of failure of any such individuals or entities to submit to such background investigations, the significant approval and licensing discretion of regulatory authorities, and the authority granted to these regulatory authorities, see Government Regulation in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Exhibit 99.5 Gaming Regulations. Our failure, or the failure of any of our major stockholders, directors, officers, key employees, products or technology, to obtain or retain a required license or approval in one jurisdiction could negatively impact our ability (or the ability of any of our major stockholders, directors, officers, key employees, products or technology) to obtain or retain required licenses and approvals in other jurisdictions. 
 In light of these regulations and the potential impact on our business, our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws allow for the restriction of stock ownership by persons or entities who fail to comply with informational or other regulatory requirements under applicable gaming laws, who are found unsuitable to hold our stock by gaming authorities, whose stock ownership adversely affects our ability to obtain, maintain, renew or qualify for a license, contract, franchise or other regulatory approval from a gaming authority or a purported transferee of a stockholder who acquires shares made invalid pursuant to our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws. The licensing procedures and background investigations of the authorities that regulate our businesses and the restriction in our 
 37 

amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may inhibit potential investors from becoming significant stockholders or inhibit existing stockholders from retaining or increasing their ownership. 
 There are instances where a state in which a Native American tribe conducts Class III gaming activities disagrees with such tribe regarding the regulation of gaming, including the regulation of gaming suppliers. In those instances, we make every effort to comply with both state and tribal regulation and fulfill our contractual obligations. However, there may be and have been situations where any such disagreement impedes or creates uncertainty with respect to our ability to supply gaming products and services to such tribal customer or otherwise negatively impacts our relationship with such customer or gaming regulators. There are additional complexities that may impact disputes or other interactions with Native American tribe customers. For example, Native American tribes generally enjoy sovereign immunity from lawsuits, similar to the sovereign immunity enjoyed by the individual states and the U.S. In addition, certain commercial agreements with Native American tribes are subject to review by regulatory authorities such as the National Indian Gaming Commission, and, among other things, any such review could require substantial modifications to any such agreement we enter into with a Native American tribe customer. 
 Our customers are required to comply with all applicable laws. In addition, we maintain and update a list of jurisdictions where we believe there is legal or regulatory risk associated with remote gaming and require that our customers contractually agree not to offer our games or accept wagers from end users in such jurisdictions. Despite our efforts, we cannot assure you that our customers will remain in compliance with laws or with the terms of their contracts with us or that a breach of any of the foregoing will be identified or cured in a timely manner. 
 We have developed and implemented an internal compliance program in an effort to ensure that we comply with legal requirements imposed in connection with our Gaming, SciPlay and iGaming activities and legal requirements generally applicable to all publicly traded companies. Refer to Government Regulation - General in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional details about the compliance program. We cannot assure that such steps will prevent the violation of one or more laws or regulations, or that a violation by us or an employee will not result in the imposition of a monetary fine, suspension or revocation of one or more of our licenses or other penalties. 
 Laws and regulations relating to our SciPlay and iGaming businesses are evolving. For additional discussion regarding risks associated with the evolving regulatory landscape for digital gaming, see the risk factors captioned We may not be able to capitalize on the expansion of internet or other forms of digital gaming or other trends and changes in the industries in which we operate, including due to laws and regulations governing these industries Legislative interpretation and enforcement of certain gaming activities could adversely affect financial performance and reputation Failure of our technological blocking systems could result in violations of laws or regulations and have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial performance and prospects Expectations of a shift to regulated digital gaming may not come to fruition We may incur additional impairment charges and We rely on the ability to use the intellectual property rights of third parties and Government Regulation in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Exhibit 99.5 Gaming Regulations for additional information regarding certain of the regulations that govern our Gaming, SciPlay and iGaming businesses. 
 Legislative interpretation and enforcement of certain gaming activities could adversely affect financial performance and reputation. 
 Some jurisdictions are seeking to regulate gaming; others are seeking to prohibit it. We generate a portion of our operating results through licensing our proprietary software technology and games to enable gaming operators to provide gaming services to customers where such services are dependent on that software and the functionality it provides. Laws and regulations relating to the supply of such services are complex, inconsistent and evolving, and we may be subject to such laws either directly through explicit service provision or indirectly insofar as we have assisted the supply to customers who are themselves subject to such laws. For example, where supply by the Company to the customer is critical to the gaming transaction, there is a risk that a regulator could take direct enforcement action against us. 
 Many jurisdictions have not updated their laws to address the supply of remote gaming, which by its nature may be a multi-jurisdictional activity. Moreover, the legality of such activities and related services is subject to uncertainties arising from differing approaches by legislatures, regulators and enforcement agents including in relation to determining in which jurisdiction the gaming takes place and therefore which law applies and in relation to regulations being interpreted in unfavorable or unanticipated ways. 
 We monitor legal and regulatory developments in all of our material gaming markets and generally seek to keep abreast of legal and regulatory developments affecting our industries. However, we do not necessarily monitor, on a continuous basis, the laws and regulations in every jurisdiction where we or our customers do business and, therefore, we or our customers may operate in jurisdictions where we may be unaware of the full extent of the legal or regulatory risk. 
 38 

Sometimes we are able to take the additional precautionary step of blocking wagers from jurisdictions where we are aware of material legal or regulatory risk associated with remote gaming. In addition, the Company protects itself through contractual mechanisms with our customers explicitly allowing us to suspend or terminate services if such customers offer our games or accept wagers from end users in certain jurisdictions. 
 Despite the monitoring we have undertaken and the other precautions we take, it is possible that, due to the above factors, such measures are not sufficient and that criminal or regulatory actions could be brought against us or our employees or directors, any or all of which could have a detrimental effect on our financial performance and reputation. Furthermore, actions brought against our customers could also have a detrimental effect on our financial performance or reputation, including if such actions prevent or delay the receipt of revenue from such customers. 
 We may not be able to capitalize on the expansion of internet or other forms of digital gaming or other trends and changes in the industries in which we operate, including due to laws and regulations governing these industries. 
 We participate in the new and evolving digital gaming industries through our SciPlay and iGaming offerings. Part of our strategy is to take advantage of the liberalization of digital gaming, both within the U.S. and internationally. These industries involve significant risks and uncertainties, including legal, business and financial risks. The success of these industries and of our digital gaming products and services may be affected by future developments in social networks, including Facebook , mobile platforms, regulatory developments, data privacy laws and other factors that we are unable to predict and are beyond our control. This fast changing environment can make it difficult to plan strategically and can provide opportunities for competitors to grow their businesses at our expense. Consequently, our future results of operations, cash flows and financial condition relating to our products and services are difficult to predict and may not grow at the rates we expect, and we cannot assure that these products and services will be successful in the long term. 
 There are still significant forces working to limit or prohibit digital gaming in the U.S. For additional information regarding proposed laws at the federal or state level, see Government Regulation - iGaming in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The enactment of digital gaming legislation that federalizes significant aspects of the regulation of digital gaming and/or limits the forms of internet wagering that are permissible at the state or federal level could have an adverse impact on our ability to pursue our digital gaming strategy in the U.S. 
 Internationally, laws relating to digital gaming are evolving, particularly in Europe. For additional information, including steps taken by European governments, the European Commission dropping enforcement actions, and regulatory developments in countries outside Europe and the U.S., regarding how laws relating to digital gaming are evolving internationally, see Government Regulation - iGaming in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We cannot predict the timing, scope or terms of any such state, federal or foreign laws and regulations, or the extent to which any such laws and regulations will facilitate or hinder our interactive strategy. 
 Our business is subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the internet, and laws and regulations governing data privacy and security, including with respect to the collection, storage, use, transmission and protection of personal information and other consumer data. The scope of data privacy and security regulations continues to evolve, and we believe that the adoption of increasingly restrictive regulations in this area is likely within the U.S. and other jurisdictions. Our SciPlay and iGaming businesses are subject to evolving regulations, and the status of any particular jurisdiction may change at any time. The regulatory structure surrounding certain aspects of these businesses is currently in flux in some jurisdictions. See the risk factor captioned Gaming opponents persist in their efforts to curtail the expansion of legalized gaming, which, if successful, could limit the growth of our operations and Government Regulation - SciPlay and Government Regulation - iGaming in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on evolving regulations applicable to our SciPlay and iGaming businesses. 
 Know-your-customer and geo-location programs and technologies supplied by third parties are an important aspect of certain internet and mobile gaming products and services because they confirm certain information with respect to players and prospective players, such as age, identity and location. Payment processing programs and technologies, typically provided by third parties, are also a necessary feature of interactive wagering products and services. These programs and technologies are costly and may have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Additionally, we cannot assure that products containing these programs and technologies will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, or that they will perform accurately or otherwise in accordance with our required specifications. See the SciPlay and iGaming sections in the risk factor captioned We operate in highly competitive industries, and our success depends on our ability to effectively compete with numerous domestic and foreign businesses for additional information on risks regarding internet and mobile gaming products and services. 
 39 

The provisions of our bylaws requiring exclusive forum in the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada for certain types of lawsuits may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 
 Our bylaws provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada, will be the sole and exclusive forum for any actions, suits or proceedings, whether civil, administrative or investigative or that assert any claim or counterclaim (i) brought in our name or right or on our behalf, (ii) asserting a claim for breach of any fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or agents to us or our stockholders, (iii) arising or asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of Nevada Revised Statutes NRS ), Chapters 78 or 92A or any provision of our articles of incorporation or our bylaws or (iv) asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Our bylaws further provide that, in the event that the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada does not have jurisdiction over any such action, suit or proceeding, then any other state district court located in the State of Nevada will be the sole and exclusive forum therefor and in the event that no state district court in the State of Nevada has jurisdiction over any such action, suit or proceeding, then a federal court located within the State of Nevada will be the sole and exclusive forum therefor. Application of the choice of forum provisions may be limited in some instances by law. Section 27 of the Exchange Act establishes exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. In addition, Section 22 of the Securities Act provides that federal and state courts have concurrent jurisdiction over lawsuits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. To the extent our bylaws restrict the courts in which claims arising under the federal securities laws may be brought, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a provision and we note that our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Although we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Nevada law in the types of lawsuits to which they apply, these provisions may have the effect of increasing the costs to bring a claim and limiting a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors and officers, which may discourage lawsuits against us or our directors and officers. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies articles of incorporation and bylaws has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with any applicable action brought against us, a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. If a court were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Changes in tax laws or tax rulings, or the examination of our tax positions, could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are issued or applied. Our existing corporate structure and intercompany arrangements have been implemented in a manner we believe is in compliance with current prevailing tax laws. 
 However, the tax benefits that we intend to eventually derive could be undermined due to future changes in tax laws. In addition, the taxing authorities in the U.S. and other jurisdictions where we do business regularly examine income and other tax returns and we expect that they may examine our income and other tax returns. The ultimate outcome of these examinations cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 Effective January 1, 2022, pursuant to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, our R D expenses are required to be capitalized and amortized for U.S. tax purposes, which has delayed the ability to deduct these expenses and potentially increased the amount of cash taxes we will pay for the taxable year ended December 31, 2023. We will recover these expenses in subsequent years such that the increased cash outlay is generally expected to be temporary. In the future, the U.S. Congress may consider legislation that would defer the capitalization requirement to later years or eliminate the provision, possibly with a retroactive effect. In the meantime, we expect to continue to make additional federal tax payments based on the current tax law. The impact of this tax legislation on our cash from operations depends on the amount of R D expenditures incurred by the Company and whether the IRS issues guidance on the legislation which differs from our current interpretation, among other things. 
 On August 16, 2022, the United States enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IR Act ), which, among other things, introduces a 15 minimum tax based on adjusted financial statement income of certain large corporations with a three-year average adjusted financial statement income in excess of 1 billion and a 1 excise tax on corporate stock buybacks. The Company was not materially impacted by this tax in 2023, nor does the Company expect to be significantly negatively impacted in future years by this tax. 
 40 

Over the last several years, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD has been working on a Base Erosion and Profits Shifting project that, if implemented, would change various aspects of the existing framework under which our tax obligations are determined in many of the countries in which we do business. In December 2021, the OECD/G20 inclusive framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (the Inclusive Framework published a statement updating and finalizing the key components of a two-pillar plan on global tax reform which has now been agreed upon by the majority of OECD members. Pillar One allows countries to reallocate a portion of residual profits earned by multinational enterprises MNEs ), with an annual global turnover exceeding 20 billion and a profit margin over 10 , to other market jurisdictions. Pillar Two requires MNEs with an annual global turnover exceeding 750 million to pay a global minimum tax of 15 . The OECD has since issued administrative guidance providing transition and safe harbor rules around the implementation of the Pillar Two global minimum tax. A number of countries, including the U.K., are currently proposing or have enacted legislation to implement core elements of the Pillar Two proposal by the start of 2024. On February 1, 2023, the FASB indicated that they believe the minimum tax imposed under Pillar Two is an alternative minimum tax, and, accordingly, deferred tax assets and liabilities associated with the minimum tax would not be recognized or adjusted for the estimated future effects of the minimum tax but would be recognized in the period incurred. We will continue to monitor the implementation of the Inclusive Framework agreement by the countries in which we operate. The Company does not expect to be significantly impacted by these rules. 
 Gaming opponents persist in their efforts to curtail the expansion of legalized gaming, which, if successful, could limit the growth of our operations. 
 There is significant debate over, and opposition to, land based and interactive RMG. We cannot assure that this opposition will not succeed in preventing the legalization of gaming in jurisdictions where it is presently prohibited, prohibiting or limiting the expansion of gaming where it is currently permitted or causing the repeal of legalized gaming in any jurisdiction. Any successful effort to curtail the expansion of, or limit or prohibit, legalized gaming could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 In addition, there is significant opposition in some jurisdictions to interactive social and digital gaming, including social casino gaming. Some states or countries have anti-gaming groups that specifically target social casino games. Such opposition could lead these jurisdictions to adopt legislation or impose a regulatory framework to govern interactive social gaming, social casino games specifically. These could result in a prohibition on interactive social gaming, or social casino gaming altogether, restrict our ability to advertise our games, or substantially increase our costs to comply with these regulations, all of which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. We continue to devote significant attention to monitoring these developments. However, we cannot predict the likelihood, timing, scope or terms of any state, federal or foreign legislation or regulations relating to our SciPlay and iGaming businesses or the extent to which they may affect our SciPlay and iGaming businesses. 
 Expectations of a shift to regulated digital gaming may not come to fruition. 
 Our business strategy includes a gradual shift into new, regulated digital gaming markets. We expect there to be an opportunity to grow revenue by being among the first systems providers to obtain a license to operate digital gaming systems in markets where end-users historically have been reliant on unregulated digital gaming. However, there is no guarantee that end users who are currently engaging in unregulated digital gaming (in the U.S. or elsewhere) will transition away from unregulated gaming to regulated gaming in the wake of regulation, which is itself uncertain as to timing and scope and varies on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. Our ability to influence end-user tastes and habits is limited, and if the introduction of regulation fails to result in a migration of end-users from unregulated gaming to regulated gaming, this may have an adverse impact on our operations, financial performance and prospects. 
 Data privacy and security laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business could increase the cost of our operations and subject us to possible sanctions and other penalties. 
 We collect, process, store, use and share data, some of which contains personal information. Our businesses are therefore subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations governing data privacy and security, including with respect to the collection, storage, use, transmission, sharing and protection of personal information and other consumer and employee data . Such laws and regulations may be inconsistent among states, countries or between states and countries or conflict with other rules. In particular, the EU has adopted strict data privacy and security regulations. Following certain developments in the EU, including the EU s GDPR and proposed Regulation on Privacy and Electronic Communications (the ePrivacy Regulation ), data privacy and security compliance in the EU are increasingly complex and challenging. The GDPR created new compliance obligations applicable to our business and some of our players and imposed increased financial penalties for noncompliance (including possible fines of up to four percent of global annual revenue for the preceding financial year or 20 million (whichever is higher) for the most serious violations). Compliance with the GDPR and similar regulations increases our operational costs and can impact operational efficiencies. 
 41 

The scope of data privacy and security regulations worldwide continues to evolve, and we believe that the adoption of increasingly restrictive regulations in this area is likely within the U.S. and other jurisdictions. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA went into effect on January 1, 2020. This law, among other things, requires new disclosures to California consumers, imposes new rules for collecting or using information about minors, and affords consumers new abilities to opt out of certain disclosures of personal information. It remains unclear how courts will interpret the CCPA. The U.S. Congress may also pass a law to preempt all or part of the CCPA. Further, California subsequently passed the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which became effective January 1, 2023. The CPRA amends the CCPA to provide more comprehensive privacy protections to consumers and established the California Privacy Protection Agency as the primary body responsible for safeguarding digital privacy. The effects of the CCPA and CPRA may be significant, and the CCPA required us to update our policies to include CCPA-specific clauses and procedures. A number of other proposals related to data privacy or security are pending before federal, state, and foreign legislative and regulatory bodies. For example, the EU began final negotiations with the European Commission and European Parliament in 2022 regarding the adoption of the ePrivacy Regulation that would govern data privacy and the protection of personal data in electronic communications, in particular for direct marketing purposes. Efforts to comply with these and other data privacy and security restrictions that may be enacted could require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and increase the cost of our operations. Failure to comply with such restrictions could subject us to criminal and civil sanctions and other penalties. In part due to the uncertainty of the legal climate, complying with regulations, and any applicable rules or guidance from self-regulatory organizations relating to privacy, data protection, information security and consumer protection, may result in substantial costs and may necessitate changes to our businesses practices, which may compromise our growth strategy, adversely affect our ability to attract or retain players, and otherwise adversely affect our businesses, financial condition and operating results. 
 Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our posted privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to players or other third parties, or any other legal obligations or regulatory requirements relating to privacy, data protection, or information security may result in governmental investigations or enforcement actions, litigation, claims, or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could result in significant liability, cause our players to lose trust in us, and otherwise materially and adversely affect our reputation and businesses. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations, and policies that are applicable to us may limit the adoption and use of, and reduce the overall demand for, our games. Additionally, if third parties we work with violate applicable laws, regulations, or agreements, such violations may put our players data at risk, could result in governmental investigations or enforcement actions, fines, litigation, claims or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could result in significant liability, cause our players to lose trust in us and otherwise materially and adversely affect our reputation and businesses. Further, public scrutiny of, or complaints about, technology companies or their data handling or data protection practices, even if unrelated to our businesses, industry or operations, may lead to increased scrutiny of technology companies, including us, and may cause government agencies to enact additional regulatory requirements, or to modify their enforcement or investigation activities, which may increase our costs and risks. 
 General Risk Factors 
 We have incurred, and may continue to incur, restructuring costs, the benefits of which are unpredictable and may not be achieved. 
 In the past, we have implemented various business improvement, strategic, optimization and restructuring initiatives in an effort to streamline our organization, leverage our resources more efficiently, and reduce our operating costs. These initiatives encompassed a combination of headcount reductions, facilities streamlining, and reductions in other operating costs. Most recently, we have incurred additional restructuring costs related to our recent strategic review, the Divestitures, our ASX listing and the SciPlay Merger. We have engaged, and may continue to engage, in similar or additional future restructuring initiatives. Because we are not able to predict with certainty when we will reorganize portions of our business, we cannot predict the extent, timing and magnitude of additional restructuring charges. We may also not realize the anticipated reduction in operating costs. 
 We may incur additional impairment charges. 
 We review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. We test goodwill assets for impairment at least annually. Factors that may indicate a change in circumstances, such that the carrying value of our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets or other non-amortizing assets may not be recoverable, include a decline in our stock price and market capitalization, reduced future cash flow estimates, and slower growth rates in industry segments in which we participate. We may be required to record a significant charge in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or intangible assets is determined, which would negatively affect our results of operations. COVID-19 disruptions in the first quarter of 2020 led to widespread closures of LBO shops across the U.K., global economic uncertainty and deterioration in business conditions, which resulted in our most recent goodwill impairment charge, 54 million for our U.K Gaming reporting unit during the first quarter 
 42 

of 2020. Based on the results of our annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1, 2023, we concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair value of each of our reporting units substantially exceeded their respective carrying values (greater than 20 and no impairment charges were warranted. However, this could change in the future depending on prevailing conditions or adverse changes to our projections that could negatively impact the recoverability of the remaining carrying value of our goodwill and other assets for our reporting units, which might result in additional material impairment charges. For more information on the assessment and the goodwill impairment charge, see section captioned Critical Accounting Estimates Goodwill Impairment Assessment in Item 7 . Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 11. 
 Moreover, application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. We cannot predict the occurrence of impairments, and we cannot assure that we will not have to record additional impairment charges in the future. 
 We depend on our key employees and rely on skilled employees with creative and technical backgrounds. 
 We depend on the continued performance of our executive officers and key personnel. We face strong competition to recruit and retain key personnel from other top companies in our industry. If we lose the services of any of our executive officers or key personnel and cannot find suitable replacements for such persons in a timely manner, it could have an adverse impact on our business. Our ability to expand is dependent on our ability to recruit and retain talented employees in the U.S. and internationally who are capable of leading our employees to achieve our strategic objectives. 
 We also rely on our highly skilled, technically trained and creative employees to develop new technologies and create innovative products. Such employees, particularly game designers, engineers and project managers with desirable skill sets are in high demand, and we devote significant resources to identifying, hiring, training, successfully integrating and retaining these employees. 2021 and 2022, in particular, were marked by a labor shortage that made hiring and retaining skilled employees to support our products highly competitive. 
 We have adopted a hybrid work policy for our employees. Many companies, including companies that we compete with for talent, have announced plans to adopt full time remote work arrangements or more flexible hybrid work arrangements, which may impact our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel if potential or current key employees prefer these policies. In addition, as a result of our recent move to a hybrid work environment, we expect to face challenges in retention of personnel who prefer to only work from home. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to recruit or retain highly qualified personnel, including individuals in key areas such as game design, engineering and project management in the future. The loss or inability to hire highly skilled employees could result in significant disruption to our business. In addition, the training and integration of replacement personnel could be time-consuming and expensive while also causing disruption to our business and harm to our reputation in the market for highly skilled employees. A lack of skilled technical workers could delay or negatively impact our business plans, ability to compete, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 If we are not able to maintain adequate internal control over our financial reporting, it could adversely affect our reputation and business. 
 We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. If we cannot maintain and execute adequate internal control over financial reporting or when necessary implement new or improved controls that provide reasonable assurance of the reliability of the financial reporting and preparation of our financial statements for external use, we may suffer harm to our reputation, fail to meet our public reporting requirements on a timely basis or be unable to properly report on our business and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Additionally, the inherent limitations of internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements or fraud, regardless of the adequacy of those controls. We are currently undertaking an ERP system implementation in our largest business segment. In addition, the adoption of any new accounting standards may require us to add new or change existing internal controls, which may not be successful. Each of the preceding changes could materially impact our internal control over financial reporting. As of December 31, 2023, we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on criteria outlined in Part II, Item 9A Controls and Procedures of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, however, we cannot assure that material weaknesses will not be identified in the future. 
 Our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be affected by severe weather and other geological events in the locations where we or our customers, suppliers or regulators operate. 
 We may be impacted by severe weather and other geological events, including hurricanes, earthquakes, floods or tsunamis, that could disrupt our operations or the operations of our customers, suppliers, data service providers and regulators. Natural disasters or other disruptions at any of our facilities or our suppliers facilities, such as Amazon Web Services , Apple , Google , Facebook , Amazon and Microsoft , may impair or delay the operation, development, provisions or delivery of our 
 43 

products and services. Additionally, disruptions experienced by our regulators due to natural disasters or otherwise could delay our introduction of new products or entry into new jurisdictions where regulatory approval is necessary. While we insure against certain business interruption risks, we cannot assure that such insurance will compensate us for any losses incurred as a result of natural or other disasters. Any serious disruption to our operations, or those of our customers, suppliers, data service providers or regulators could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We are subject to risks related to corporate and social responsibility and reputation. 
 Many factors influence our reputation, including the perception held by our customers, business partners and other key stakeholders. Our business faces increasing scrutiny related to ESG activities. We risk damage to our reputation if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as diversity and inclusion, sustainability and social responsibility. Any harm to our reputation could impact employee engagement and retention, our corporate culture and the willingness of customers and our partners to do business with us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We could incur costs in the event of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws, which may adversely affect our business and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Our operations and real property are subject to U.S. and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to air emissions, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. We could incur costs, including cleanup costs, fines or penalties, and third party claims as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws, which could negatively impact our business and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Some of our operations require environmental permits and controls to prevent or reduce environmental pollution, and these permits are subject to review, renewal and modification by issuing authorities. 
 Litigation and arbitration may adversely affect our business and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We are and may become subject to litigation and arbitration claims in the operation of our business, including, but not limited to, with respect to employee matters, alleged product and system malfunctions, alleged intellectual property infringement and claims relating to our contracts, licenses and strategic investments. We have incurred and may incur significant expense defending or settling any such litigation. Additionally, adverse judgments that have been and may be decided against us resulted and could result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For additional information regarding our litigation, see Note 20. 
 Failure to perform under our contracts may result in substantial monetary liquidated damages and contract termination. 
 Our contracts, including our Gaming contracts relating to the provision of VLTs, typically permit a counterparty to terminate the contract at any time for a material failure to perform, other specified reasons and, in many cases, for no reason at all. Upon such a termination or failure to perform, we may be required to refund fees paid to us for services performed or allow our customers to return our products to us for a full refund. In the past, we have paid or incurred liquidated damages and have been required to allow the return of VLTs for a full refund under our contracts, and material amounts of liquidated damages could be imposed on us in the future, which could, if imposed, have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We may be liable for product defects or other claims relating to our products. 
 Our products could be defective, fail to perform as designed or otherwise cause harm to our customers, their equipment or their products. If any of our products are defective, we may be required to recall the products and/or repair or replace them, which could result in substantial expenses and affect our profitability. Any problem with the performance of our products, such as a false jackpot or other prize, could harm our reputation, which could result in a loss of sales to customers and/or potential customers. In addition, the occurrence of errors in, or fraudulent manipulation of, our products or software may give rise to claims by our customers or by our customers patrons, including claims by our customers for lost revenues and related litigation that could result in significant liability. Any claims brought against us by customers may result in diversion of management s time and attention, expenditure of large amounts of cash on legal fees and payment of damages, lower demand for our products or services, or injury to our reputation. Our insurance may not sufficiently cover a judgment against us or a settlement payment and is subject to customary deductibles, limits and exclusions. In addition, a judgment against us or a settlement could make it difficult for us to obtain insurance in the coverage amounts necessary to adequately insure our businesses, or at all, and could materially increase our insurance premiums and deductibles. In addition, software bugs or malfunctions, errors in distribution or installation of our software, failure of our products to perform as approved by the 
 44 

appropriate regulatory bodies or other errors or malfunctions, may subject us to investigation or other action by gaming regulatory authorities, including fines. 
 Labor disputes and union organizing activities may have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 Certain of our employees are represented by unions or works councils, including employees in Europe, South America and Canada. In particular, the majority of our employees in Austria and Germany and a small number of employees in the U.S. are represented by unions or work councils. While we believe our relations with our employees are satisfactory, we cannot predict whether we will be successful in negotiating new collective bargaining agreements without any disruptions in our operations or higher labor costs. 
 We cannot assure that we will not encounter conflicts or strikes with any labor unions that represent our employees or union organizing activities at our non-unionized facilities. Any of the foregoing could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition or our customers operations, could cause us to lose customers, or could increase our labor costs. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 We have developed, implemented and maintained robust cybersecurity measures to safeguard our information systems and protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. These measures are included within our overall risk management process. As part of this process, all detected cybersecurity threats and incidents are logged and escalated to the Chief Information Security Officer CISO and Chief Compliance Officer, who report to our Chief Legal Officer. 
 We follow a formal cybersecurity incident response policy, which provides for use of third-party service providers where circumstances dictate it is necessary. Our cybersecurity incident response policy is aligned with the standards set forth by the International Organization for Standardization ISO and the National Institute of Standards and Technology NIST ), and it includes proactive steps to prepare for attempts to compromise our information systems. To provide for the availability of critical data and systems, maintain regulatory compliance, manage our material risks from cybersecurity threats and to protect against, detect and respond to cybersecurity incidents, we undertake the below activities: 
 closely monitor emerging data protection laws and implement changes to our processes designed to comply; 
 undertake an annual risk assessment and review of our consumer facing policies, business changes and statements related to cybersecurity, or more frequently as needed; 
 proactively inform our customers of substantive changes related to customer data handling; 
 conduct annual customer data handling and use requirements training for all our employees and contingent workers; 
 conduct annual cybersecurity management and incident training for employees and contingent workers involved in our systems and processes that handle sensitive data; 
 conduct regular phishing email simulations for all employees and all contingent workers with access to corporate email systems to enhance awareness and responsiveness to such possible threats; 
 through policy, practice and contract (as applicable) require employees, as well as third parties who provide services on our behalf, to treat customer information and data in accordance with local laws and regulations; 
 run tabletop exercises to simulate a response to a cybersecurity incident and use the findings to improve our processes and technologies; and 
 use an internal well-tested incident handling framework to help us identify, protect, detect, respond, and recover when there is an actual or potential cybersecurity incident. 
 Where circumstances dictate the use of third-party service providers, such services include regular assessments of our cybersecurity program including cyber maturity assessments and penetration tests; evaluation and approval of our critical business partners and vendors; and participating in incident response processes. As part of our cybersecurity incident response policy, we identify, evaluate and mitigate any risks posed from engaging with any third-party service provider. In 2023 we did not experience any cybersecurity incident that materially affected or was reasonably likely to materially affect our operations, business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 45 

Governance and Oversight 
 The Board of Directors is central to oversight of cybersecurity risks. The Board of Directors is composed of members with diverse expertise, including risk management, technology, finance and legal, and they have appropriate access to management and third parties (as deemed necessary), equipping them to oversee cybersecurity risks effectively. Day-to-day cybersecurity monitoring and oversight activities are delegated to management. 
 Our CISO is primarily responsible for assessing, monitoring and managing cybersecurity risks as well as overseeing employee training programs. Our CISO has served in this role since July 2019, has a Master s Degree in Information Security from the University of London, has been working in technology risk management since the early 1990s, holds Certified Information Systems Security Professional status and is a member in good standing of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers IEEE and the International Information System Security Certification Consortium ISC2 ). The CISO reports at least annually to the Board of Directors on material cyber risks, including those identified in our business and rising threats, and the current state of L W s information security and will continue to do so on a regular basis as needed. 
 The CISO and his team evaluate quantitative and qualitative factors to determine if a cybersecurity threat or incident needs to be escalated to other members of management and ultimately to the Board of Directors. The factors evaluated include but are not limited to: actual or potential monetary damages, number of impacted employees or customers, nature of the records compromised, potential impact on customer relationships, public knowledge and likely effect on L W s reputation. Depending on the severity of the impact on these factors, management, including the CISO, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Accounting Officer CAO and Chief Legal Officer, meets as part of a management committee to determine if an incident is material. In the event the management committee determines that a cybersecurity incident or threat is material, the incident or threat is elevated and reviewed with our Board of Directors. The management committee reports all incidents requiring a materiality assessment to the Chief Legal Officer, regardless of whether such committee ultimately determines a cybersecurity incident to be material. 
 For additional information regarding how cyber security threats could materially affect or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition, see the risk factors captioned Our success depends on the security and integrity of the systems and products we offer, and security breaches, including cybersecurity breaches, or other disruptions could compromise our information or the information of our customers and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer, We rely on information technology and other systems, and any failures in our systems or errors, defects or disruptions in our products and services could diminish our brand and reputation, subject us to liability and have disrupted and could disrupt our business and adversely impact our results, and If we or a company we acquire sustains cyber-attacks or other privacy or data security incidents that result in security breaches, we could suffer a loss of sales and increased costs, exposure to significant liability, reputational harm, regulatory fines or punishment and other negative consequences under the heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We occupy approximately 799,000 square feet of space in the U.S and approximately 742,000 square feet of space Internationally. We believe that these facilities are adequate for our business as presently conducted. Set forth below is an overview of the principal owned and leased real estate properties that support our corporate headquarters and Gaming, SciPlay and iGaming segments. 
 Location Sq. Ft. Supports Tenancy Las Vegas, Nevada 514,889 Corporate Headquarters, Gaming and iGaming Lease/Own (1) 
 India (Bangalore and Chennai) 151,563 Corporate, Gaming, SciPlay and iGaming Lease (1) Lease 362,889 sq. ft. and own 152,000 sq. ft. 
 Our owned Las Vegas facilities listed above are encumbered by mortgages securing indebtedness under the LNWI Credit Agreement and Secured Notes. In addition to those listed above, we own and lease a number of additional less significant properties in the U.S. and internationally that also support our operations. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For discussion of our legal proceedings, see Note 20, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 46 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market for our Common Stock 
 Our outstanding common stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol LNW. Our common stock is also listed as CDIs for trading on the ASX under the ticker symbol LNW. 
 On February 23, 2024, the closing sale price for our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market was 93.65 per share, and the closing sale price for our common stock listed as CDIs on the ASX was AU 139.00 per share. There were 559 holders of record of our common stock as of February 23, 2024. This does not include the number of stockholders who hold shares of our common stock through banks, brokers or other financial institutions. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not presently intend to pay cash dividends on common stock in the foreseeable future. Further, under the terms of certain of our debt agreements, we are limited in our ability to pay cash dividends or make certain other restricted payments (other than stock dividends) on our common stock. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 We repurchased 0.3 million shares under the share repurchase program during the three months ended December 31, 2023. 
 (in millions, except for price per share) ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Period Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Average Price Paid per Share (1) 
 Total Cost of Repurchase (1) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (1) 
 10/1/2023 - 10/31/2023 200 11/1/2023 - 11/30/2023 200 12/1/2023 - 12/31/2023 0.3 84.68 25 175 Total 0.3 84.68 25 175 (1) Average price paid per share is calculated on a settlement basis and excludes excise tax. As of January 1, 2023, our share repurchases in excess of issuances are subject to a 1 excise tax enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act. Any excise tax incurred is recognized in stockholders equity as part of the cost basis of the shares acquired. For the three months ended December 31, 2023, excise taxes totaled less than 1 million. 
 
 Stockholder Return Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return over the five-year period ended December 31, 2023 of our then outstanding common stock, the Nasdaq Composite Index, the S P/ASX 200 Index, an index of our peer group companies that operate in industries or lines of business similar to ours, and another of our former peer group previously selected by the Company prior to the completion of the Divestitures. The current peer group is intended to replace the former peer group. Management believes that the transition to the current peer group provides a better representation of industry performance. 
 Our current peer group companies consist of Aristocrat (Australian Securities Exchange: ALL), IGT (New York Stock Exchange: IGT), Everi Holdings Inc. (New York Stock Exchange: EVRI), Playtika Holding Corp. (New York Stock Exchange: PLTK), PlayAGS, Inc. (New York Stock Exchange: AGS) and Evolution AB (Stockholm Stock Exchange: EVO). Our former peer group companies consisted of Aristocrat (Australian Securities Exchange: ALL), IGT (New York Stock Exchange: IGT), Intralot, S.A. (Athens Stock Exchange: INLOT), Pollard Banknote Limited (Toronto Stock Exchange: PBL) and Everi Holdings Inc. (New York Stock Exchange: EVRI). 
 The companies in our peer group have been weighted based on their relative market capitalization each year. The graph assumes that 100 was invested in our then outstanding common stock, the Nasdaq Composite Index, the S P/ASX 200 Index and the peer group indices at the beginning of the five-year period and that all dividends were reinvested. The comparisons are not intended to be indicative of future performance of our common stock. 
 47 

12/18 12/19 12/20 12/21 12/22 12/23 Light Wonder, Inc. 100.00 149.78 232.05 373.77 327.74 459.23 Nasdaq Composite 100.00 136.69 198.10 242.03 163.28 236.17 S P/ASX 200 100.00 124.04 133.19 148.55 133.13 152.72 Prior Peer Group 100.00 148.94 144.97 211.99 152.39 201.57 Current Peer Group 100.00 212.06 484.11 741.72 575.70 688.94 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 48 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion is intended to enhance the reader s understanding of our operations and current business environment and should be read in conjunction with the description of our business (see Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) and our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes (see Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures and information contained and referenced under Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors at the beginning and in Part I, Item 1A , respectively, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As used in this MD A, the terms we, us, our and the Company mean L W together with its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless otherwise noted, amounts, percentages and discussion for all periods included below reflect the results of operations and financial condition from our continuing operations, as further discussed below. 
 
 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 We are a leading cross-platform global games company with a focus on content and digital markets. Our portfolio of revenue-generating activities primarily includes supplying game content and gaming machines, CMSs and table game products and services to licensed gaming entities; providing social casino and other mobile games, including casual gaming, to retail customers; and providing a comprehensive suite of digital gaming content, distribution platforms, player account management systems, as well as various other iGaming content and services. We also gain access to technologies and pursue global expansion through strategic acquisitions. 
 During 2022, we completed divestitures of the Lottery Business and Sports Betting Business and have reflected the financial results of the Divested Businesses as discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented. 
 Highlights and Recent Developments 
 In addition to our existing primary Nasdaq listing, our common stock is listed as CDIs on the ASX and commenced active trading on May 22, 2023 (AEST) under the ticker symbol LNW. We believe this secondary listing is creating substantial benefits for L W and its shareholders, including enhancing the Company s profile in Australia, one of the leading markets for the L W s Gaming business, and providing the Company access to new long-term Australian institutional investors that complement our strong existing base of shareholders. As of October 18, 2023, our common stock was added to the S P/ASX 200 Index, continuing to enhance the Company s profile with Australian investors. 
 On August 23, 2023, we issued 550 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2031 Unsecured Notes. The net proceeds of the 2031 Unsecured Notes offering, together with cash on hand, were used to redeem all 550 million of the 2025 Unsecured Notes and to pay accrued and unpaid interest thereon plus related premiums, fees and expenses (see Note 15 for additional information). The transaction resulted in an approximately 6 million reduction in annualized cash interest costs and extended our first major debt maturity to 2028. In January 2024, we repriced the LNWI Term Loan B, reducing our interest rate by 35 basis points and resulting in a reduction in annualized cash interest costs of approximately 8 million. 
 On October 23, 2023, we acquired the remaining approximately 17 equity interest in SciPlay not already owned by us pursuant to the SciPlay Merger in an all-cash transaction for 496 million, excluding transaction fees and expenses. As a result of the SciPlay Merger, SciPlay ceased to be publicly traded and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of L W. We believe that this transaction is enabling seamless collaboration with SciPlay, adding further momentum to our already robust cross-platform strategy, and providing flexibility for use of SciPlay cash flows for investments across the enterprise, all of which are expected to increase long-term shareholder value. 
 On February 25, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program under which the Company is authorized to repurchase, from time to time through February 25, 2025, up to an aggregate amount of 750 million of shares of our outstanding common stock. Repurchases may be made at the discretion of the Transaction Committee of the Board of Directors through one or more open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, accelerated share repurchases, issuer tender offers or other derivative contracts or instruments, or a combination of the foregoing. Since the initiation of the program on March 3, 2022 and through December 31, 2023, we returned 575 million of capital to shareholders through the repurchase of 9.4 million shares of common stock, or 77 of total program authorization. 
 We have a significant portion of SciPlay personnel located in Tel Aviv, Israel. In light of current circumstances in Israel, we are actively monitoring developments and are ready to redirect resources as needed to minimize impact on SciPlay operations. We do not have servers or infrastructure that are located in Israel that host our games. While we have not yet seen 
 49 

an impact on our business from current events, they could negatively affect the performance of the personnel in that area and have an adverse impact on our business if these events continue and/or escalate. Refer to Risk Factors under Part I, Item 1A in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 We closed the year strongly and delivered the 11 th consecutive quarter of consolidated revenue growth and sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth year-over-year. 2023 showcased our strong financial performance, execution on our growth strategy and transformation, and continued advancement towards our long-term financial targets. Consolidated revenue growth was driven by record performance across all of our businesses maintaining strong margins. 
 Trends and Uncertainties 
 We have a number of trends and uncertainties that have impacted and may continue to impact our business and results of operations. Such impacts have in some cases been material and could be material in the future should they continue. 
 Our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives. We completed our strategic review, set forth our strategy to become a leading cross-platform global games company with a focus on content and digital markets and have established a strategic roadmap to drive long-term value (more fully described in in Part I, Item 1 above). Successful execution on our strategy might present unexpected challenges and uncertainties, including actions that will result in increased restructuring charges as we incur integration and optimization expenses to execute and facilitate our strategies, and it may be impacted by economic cycle uncertainties. 
 Inflation and supply chain logistics. Our operating results have substantially recovered from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and 2021; however, lingering impacts on supply chains in numerous industries have caused shortages of inputs/outputs, which in turn put inflationary pressures on the economy as a whole. Inflationary pressures may have an impact on discretionary income as people allocate more of their disposable income toward higher priced necessity goods and services, which could impact our customers. These circumstances may change in the future and such changes could be material. 
 International operations and foreign currency. We face challenges related to expanding our footprint within international markets and the related process of obtaining regulatory approvals to provide services and products within these new and emerging markets. Our customers in the Latin America region operate in a difficult macroeconomic and political environment that has historically resulted in (a) a material reduction in revenue, (b) a reduction in the cash we have collected from these customers on previous sales and (c) charges for estimated credit losses. 
 Additionally, our international operations provide a significant portion of our total revenue and expenses. Many of these revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. As a result, changes in foreign exchange rates, including the recent strengthening of the U.S. Dollar, may significantly affect our results of operations. 
 A high level of competition, with competitor expansion. Our major competitors are expanding their product and service offerings with integrated products and solutions that compete directly with ours. For example, competition in our Gaming business segment is highly competitive and is characterized by the continuous introduction of new games, gaming machines and related technologies. Our iGaming business segment is facing challenges related to expanding our market share within new and emerging markets, while our SciPlay business segment continues to be highly competitive with low barriers to entry, rapid evolution, a fragmented market and is subject to changing technology, shifting needs and frequent introductions of new games, development platforms and services. See Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Business Segment Results below describing competition and factors impacting each of our business segments. 
 Seasonality. Our results of operations fluctuate due to seasonal trends and other factors impacting all of our business segments, particularly Gaming and SciPlay businesses. See Part I, Item 1 - Seasonality of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 For additional trends and uncertainties impacting our business segments, refer below to Business Segment Results , specifically the Current Year Update section for each business segment. 
 Reportable Segments 
 We report our operations in three business segments Gaming, SciPlay and iGaming representing our different products and services. See Notes 3 and 4 for additional information. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED RESULTS 
 The following presents information about our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 2022. See Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K for our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 50 

Year Ended December 31, Variance in millions) 2023 2022 2023 vs. 2022 
 Total revenue 2,902 2,512 390 16 Total operating expenses 2,384 2,239 145 6 Operating income 518 273 245 90 Net income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 205 (163) 368 nm Net income (loss) from continuing operations 180 (176) 356 nm Net income from discontinued operations, net of tax (1) 
 3,873 (3,873) nm Net income attributable to L W 163 3,675 (3,512) nm nm = not meaningful. 
 (1) The year ended December 31, 2022 includes a pre-tax gain of 4,927 million on the sale of discontinued operations (see Note 2). 
 
 Revenue 
 
 All lines of business within our Gaming business segment continue to experience growth and increased demand, driving 249 million or 16 Gaming revenue growth in 2023. More specifically, the increase in Gaming revenue was primarily driven by continued momentum in global Gaming machine sales, coupled with stronger performance in our U.S. and Canada premium install base, and increased demand for Table products and Systems. 
 SciPlay revenue increased by 106 million or 16 primarily due to increased average revenue per daily active user, social casino payer engagement and average monthly paying users. Average revenue per daily active user grew 21 in 2023, reaching a new record high of 0.94 for the year ended December 31, 2023, as a function of lower average daily active users coupled with an increase in payers. 
 iGaming revenue increased by 35 million or 15 primarily due to growth in both the U.S. and international markets, driven by the strength of our original content and growth in our partner network, and benefited from 6 million in certain termination fees. In October 2023, we launched our live casino operations in Michigan. 
 Our 2023 consolidated revenues were impacted by 9 million of unfavorable foreign currency exchange impact compared to 44 million of unfavorable impact in the prior year. 
 51 

Operating Expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 Variance in millions) 2023 2022 2023 vs. 2022 Operating expenses: Cost of services (1) 
 445 390 55 14 Cost of products (1) 
 427 348 79 23 SG A 808 717 91 13 R D 228 218 10 5 D A 384 420 (36) (9) Restructuring and other 92 146 (54) (37) Total operating expenses 
 2,384 2,239 145 6 (1) Excludes D A. 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased as a direct result of higher revenue as described above, driven by 79 million in higher cost of product revenue primarily associated with higher gaming machine sales, while increased cost of services was primarily driven by SciPlay, which increased 31 million compared to the prior year due to revenue growth. 
 SG A 
 SG A increased primarily due to higher stock-based compensation expense of 49 million, which increased as a result of changes in incentive compensation mix and outperformance of targets tied to incentive compensation, higher legal expenses of 14 million driven by pending litigation matters and higher salaries and benefits of 8 million as well as partially due to various other drivers. 
 R D 
 R D increased primarily due to higher salaries and benefits in the SciPlay segment. 
 D A 
 D A decreased primarily due to fully depreciated assets and amortized intangible assets related to certain of our legacy trade names as well as past acquisitions associated with our Gaming and iGaming segments, partially offset by an impairment charge of 5 million related to SciPlay restructuring of a certain foreign studio. Accelerated amortization related to the legacy trade names totaled 29 million and 59 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Restructuring and Other 
 The decrease in restructuring and other was primarily due to lower professional service, legal and other costs related to the strategic review and related transactions. The year ended December 31, 2023 included 15 million in costs associated with the SciPlay Merger and 7 million in professional services associated with the ASX listing. The years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 included contingent consideration remeasurement charges of 19 million and 21 million, respectively. See Note 16 for additional details. 
 52 

Other Factors Affecting Net Income Attributable to L W 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 Factors Affecting Net Income Attributable to L W (in millions) 2023 2022 2023 vs. 2022 Interest expense (309) (327) The decrease in interest expense is primarily due to lower outstanding debt resulting from the redemption of certain senior notes and refinancing through the LNWI Credit Agreement completed in the second quarter of 2022. Loss on debt financing transactions (15) (147) Loss on debt financing transactions included charges of 12 million in 2023 and 90 million in 2022 associated with premiums paid to redeem certain senior notes (see Note 15). Gain on remeasurement of debt and other 27 Gains are attributable to remeasurement of previously held Euro-denominated senior notes and reflect changes in the Euro vs. the U.S. Dollar foreign exchange rates. Other income, net 11 11 No change in other income, as increased interest income was mostly offset by the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange (F/X) 
 Our results are impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates used in the translation of foreign functional currencies into USD and the re-measurement of foreign currency transactions or balances. The impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations represents the difference between current rates and prior-period rates applied to current activity. Our exposure to foreign currency volatility on revenue is as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 in millions) 
 Revenue Consolidated Revenue F/X Impact on Revenue Revenue Consolidated Revenue F/X Impact on Revenue Foreign Currency: British Pound Sterling 138 5 2 125 5 (12) Euro 198 7 4 178 7 (21) 
 Discontinued Operations 
 As described above, we completed the Divestitures in 2022, received a total of 6.5 billion in gross proceeds and recorded a pre-tax gain on sale of discontinued operations of 4.9 billion. Refer to Note 2 for further information on discontinued operations. 
 BUSINESS SEGMENT RESULTS 
 The following presents information about our business segment results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 2022. See Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K for our business segment results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 The types of products and services from which our segments derive their revenues are further discussed in Notes 3 and 4. Certain financial information relating to our segments, including segment revenue, AEBITDA and total assets and certain financial information relating to our revenue derived from and assets located in the U.S. and other geographic areas is included in Note 3. 
 GAMING 
 Our Gaming business segment designs, develops, manufactures, markets and distributes a comprehensive portfolio of gaming content, products and services. We provide our Gaming portfolio of products and services to commercial casinos, Native American casinos, wide-area gaming operators such as LBOs, arcade and bingo operators in the U.K. and continental Europe, and government agencies and their affiliated operators. 
 53 

The following table summarizes the primary business activities included in our Gaming business segment. 
 Services Products Gaming operations Service revenues from gaming operations are derived from WAP, premium and daily-fee Participation gaming machines and other leased gaming machines (including VLTs and ETSs) and licensing arrangements. N/A Gaming machine sales N/A Sale of new and used gaming machines, ETSs and VLTs, conversion game kits and spare parts. Gaming systems We provide services which include installation and support of CMSs, including ongoing hardware and software maintenance and upgrade services of customer CMSs. We offer CMSs that help our customers improve communication with players, add excitement to the gaming floor and enhance operating efficiencies. Table products Revenue is generated from supplied table products (including Shufflers and other table products utilities) and services. Sale of table products (including Shufflers) and PTG licensing (including subscription arrangements). 
 Gaming Operations 
 Our services revenue includes revenue earned from Participation games, other gaming machine services and table product service arrangements. We categorize our Participation gaming machines as (1) U.S. and Canada units and (2) International units. The following are different types of Participation games from which we derive our revenue: 
 WAP Participation games: WAP Participation games are electronically linked gaming machines that are located across multiple casinos within both single and multiple gaming jurisdictions or across Native American gaming jurisdictions. Players across linked gaming machines contribute to and compete for system-wide progressive jackpots that are designed to increase gaming machine play for participating casinos by giving the players the opportunity to win a larger jackpot than on a non-WAP gaming machine. We are responsible for funding WAP jackpots. We create WAP games using our proprietary brands and also using licensed brands. We operate our WAP systems at commercial casinos in states throughout the U.S., where it is approved by the local regulatory bodies and in certain Native American casinos. 
 Premium and daily fee Participation games: We offer two categories of non-WAP premium and daily fee Participation games: LAP and standalone. LAP games are gaming machines that are located within a single casino and are electronically linked to a progressive jackpot for that specific casino. Our LAP gaming machines feature games including those offered as WAP and our proprietary brands such as ULTIMATE FIRE LINK , DRAGON SPIN , ULTRA HOT MEGA LINK , 88 FORTUNES , INVADERS FROM THE PLANET MOOLAH , 5 TREASURES , CASH SPIN , DANCING DRUMS EXPLOSION , GM ATLAS , and DIAMOND MILLIONS . Our LAP products leverage both exclusive brand names and game play intellectual property, and typically offer players the chance to win multiple progressive jackpots, all of which tend to result in higher play volumes. We also provide certain standalone Participation games that are not linked to other gaming machines. Our standalone games feature titles under both licensed brands and our proprietary brands. Our standalone Participation gaming machines generally feature larger, more elaborate top-boxes and provide game play experiences not possible on a single screen game or on gaming machines that we sell. 
 Server-based gaming : We provide wide-area gaming operators, such as LBOs, bingo halls and arcades, a comprehensive package of server-based products and services under long term contracts that typically include gaming machines, remote management of game content and management information, central computer systems, secure data communication and field support services. We are typically paid a fee based on the Net win generated by these gaming machines (subject to certain adjustments as may be specified in a particular contract, including adjustments for taxes and other fees). Our business in this category is primarily based in the U.K. 
 VLTs : For certain customers, we provide our multi-game and single-game VLTs, which include video gaming machines, mechanical reel gaming machines and video poker games. Our VLTs may be operated as standalone units or may interface with central monitoring systems operated by government agencies. Our VLTs are typically located in places where casino-style gaming is not the only attraction, such as racetracks, bars and restaurants. 
 Class II and centrally determined systems: We offer video and mechanical-reel gaming machines and VLTs for Class II and certain VLT jurisdictions where the game outcome is determined by a central server system that we provide. These Class II and centrally determined systems primarily operate in Native American casinos in Washington, Florida, 
 54 

Alabama and Oklahoma. We receive either a fixed daily fee or a percentage of the Net win generated by the gaming machines or VLTs connected to the central determination system and a small daily fee for the central determination system. 
 Gaming Machine Sales 
 The majority of our product sales are derived from sales of gaming machines and VLTs that use a combination of advanced graphics, mechanical reels, digital music and sounds and secondary bonus games. We also sell ETSs to either meet the needs of particular locations where live tables are not allowed or as productivity-enhancing solutions for other jurisdictions. 
 Gaming Systems 
 Our comprehensive suite of technology solutions provides gaming operations of every size with a wide range of marketing, data management and analysis, accounting, player tracking, security, loyalty and other applications and tools to more effectively manage their operations. Gaming systems products include the iVIEW touch screen display, which facilitates the player experience, bonus features, customer service, and employee functions. Gaming systems revenues related to core system solutions are highly dependent on new installations. Gaming system revenues are also generated through ongoing hardware and software maintenance services and upgrades. 
 Table Products 
 Our table product sales are generated primarily from the sale of products designed to enhance table game speed, productivity, profitability and security. Our product offerings include various models of Shufflers to suit specific games. 
 We also offer Shuffler products under month-to-month arrangements that primarily contain fixed monthly rates or to a lesser extent Participation rates. These arrangements include service of the product with back-up and replacement products available at the customer s request. 
 We license our PTG content to commercial, tribal and governmental casino operators typically under month-to-month arrangements based on fixed monthly rates or subscription arrangements to our PTG content library. PTGs, which are designed to enhance operators table-game operations, include our internally developed and acquired PTGs, progressive system software, side bets, add-ons and other progressive features. Our proprietary content and features are also added to public domain games such as poker, baccarat, pai gow poker, craps and blackjack table games and to electronic platforms . 
 Current Year Update 
 We continue to see elevated demand for our Gaming products and services, with Gaming operations and Gaming machine sales performing above pre-COVID levels. The increase in Gaming revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to the prior year, was primarily driven by strong momentum in Gaming machine sales growing 36 , coupled with growth in Table products and Systems. Gaming operations also benefited from higher average daily revenue per unit, the continued success of our cabinets and strong game content performance. While demand remains strong, we are actively monitoring any impact of inflationary pressures and macroeconomic uncertainty that may impact our operations. We are also monitoring for any potential disruptions in our supply chain, such as those due to armed conflicts or hostilities, and increase our inventory positions when deemed necessary to mitigate any expected or unexpected delays and fulfill customer orders timely. 
 Results of Operations and Key Performance Indicators 

55 

Year Ended December 31, Variance in millions, except per unit amounts) 2023 2022 2023 vs. 2022 Revenue: Gaming operations 661 635 26 4 Gaming machine sales 708 522 186 36 Gaming systems 268 255 13 5 Table products 213 189 24 13 Total revenue 1,850 1,601 249 16 F/X impact on revenue (27) 27 100 KPIs: U.S. and Canada units: Installed base at period end 31,220 30,630 590 2 Average daily revenue per unit (1) 
 47.86 45.99 1.87 4 International units (2) : 
 Installed base at period end 22,327 27,126 (4,799) (18) Average daily revenue per unit 15.14 13.51 1.63 12 Gaming machine sales: U.S. and Canada new unit shipments 18,500 16,890 1,610 10 International new unit shipments 19,136 9,913 9,223 93 Total new unit shipments 37,636 26,803 10,833 40 Average sales price per new unit 17,229 17,462 (233) (1) (1) We refined U.S. and Canada units average daily revenue per unit calculation to include certain Gaming operations revenue streams that were previously excluded and have revised prior periods to align with the new calculation. The change aligns more closely with how management evaluates the operating performance and was immaterial both quantitatively and qualitatively. Revised U.S. and Canada average daily revenue per unit for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 43.57. (2) Units exclude those related to game content licensing. 
 Revenue 
 As noted above, Gaming revenue increased in 2023 as demand for our Gaming products and services increased, and our Gaming operations and Gaming machine sales have exceeded pre-COVID levels. Increase in Gaming revenue was driven by all lines of our Gaming business year-over-year, including robust Gaming machine sales coupled with continued growth momentum in Gaming operations, which benefited from higher installed base for U.S. and Canada and higher average daily revenue per unit. 
 Gaming Operations 
 Gaming operations revenue for 2023 demonstrated continued momentum driven by strong game performance of hit franchises and premium games. Gaming operations installed base for U.S. and Canada increased from 30,630 units in 2022 to 31,220 units in 2023, along with an increase in average daily revenue per unit of 1.87, as growth in our premium games was only partially offset by reductions in our public gaming and leased core products. Average daily revenue per unit also increased for International units by 1.63. Alternatively, International ending installed base units decreased from 27,126 units in 2022 to 22,327 units in 2023, primarily due to the expected closure of certain LBOs in the U.K. along with the reduction of certain low-yielding units in Greece and Latin America. Gaming operations generated 36 and 40 of total Gaming segment revenues for 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Gaming Machine Sales 
 The increase in Gaming machine sales revenue was primarily driven by higher sales of replacement units globally and an increase in casino opening and expansion activity internationally, partially offset by lower average sales price per new unit mostly from a higher proportion of international lower priced unit sales. 
 56 

The following table summarizes Gaming machine sales changes: 
 Year Ended December 31, Variance 
 2023 2022 2023 vs. 2022 U.S. and Canada unit shipments: Replacement units 17,351 14,531 2,820 19 Casino opening and expansion units 1,149 2,359 (1,210) (51) Total unit shipments 18,500 16,890 1,610 10 International unit shipments: Replacement units 16,641 9,647 6,994 72 Casino opening and expansion units 2,495 266 2,229 838 Total unit shipments 19,136 9,913 9,223 93 
 Operating Expenses 
 The increase in operating expenses is primarily due to 91 million in higher cost of revenue associated with the increase in revenue as described above, coupled with 24 million in higher SG A, partially offset by 46 million in lower D A as a result of fully depreciated and amortized assets related to prior acquisitions and fully amortized legacy trade names during 2023. The increase in SG A was primarily comprised of higher stock-based compensation expense of 18 million and 4 million of increased provision for bad debts, partially offset by lower legal expenses of 6 million. 
 AEBITDA 
 AEBITDA increased by 151 million or 20 , and AEBITDA margin increased by 2 percentage points to 50 . These results were primarily driven by increased revenue and a favorable revenue mix as well as margin enhancement initiatives. AEBITDA also benefited from a change in the incentive compensation mix from cash to equity awards, resulting in an 10 million benefit, as well as lower legal expenses. 
 SCIPLAY 
 SciPlay is a leading developer and publisher of digital games on mobile and web platforms. SciPlay operates primarily in the social gaming market, which is characterized by gameplay online or on mobile devices that is social, competitive and self-directed in pace and session length. SciPlay also operates in the hyper-casual space, which is characterized by simpler core loops and more repetitive gameplay than casual games. SciPlay generates a substantial portion of its revenue from in-app purchases in the form of coins, chips and cards, which players can use to play slot games, table games or bingo games. Players who install SciPlay s social games typically receive free coins, chips or cards upon the initial launch of the game and additional free coins, chips or cards at specific time intervals. Players may exhaust the coins, chips or cards that they receive for free and may choose to purchase additional coins, chips or cards in order to extend their time of game play. Once obtained, coins, chips and cards (either free or purchased) cannot be redeemed for cash nor exchanged for anything other than game play within SciPlay s apps. SciPlay generates additional revenue through advertising arrangements in SciPlay s hyper-casual games. Players who install SciPlay s hyper-casual games receive free, unlimited gameplay that requires viewing of periodic in-game advertisements. 
 SciPlay currently offers a variety of social casino games, including Jackpot Party Casino, Gold Fish Casino, Quick Hit Slots, 88 Fortunes Slots, Monopoly Slots and Hot Shot Casino . SciPlay continues to pursue its strategy of expanding into the online and mobile games market. Current casual game titles include Bingo Showdown and Backgammon Live as well as other titles in the hyper-casual space, including games such as Candy Challenge 3D , Boss Life and Deep Clean Inc. 3D . SciPlay continually develops and tests various new games. SciPlay s social casino games typically include slots-style game play and occasionally include table games-style game play, while its casual games blend solitaire-style or bingo game play with adventure game features and its hyper-casual games include many simple core loop mechanics. All of SciPlay s games are offered and played across multiple platforms, including Apple, Google, Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft . SciPlay launched a proprietary in-app purchase platform during 2023, with the goals of improving players experience and reducing costs of revenue given the lower payment processing fees and other related expenses for in-app purchases made through the proprietary platform, as compared to the platform fee charged by third-party platforms. Currently, revenue generated via the proprietary platform is not material. In addition to original game content, SciPlay s content library includes recognizable game content across our other platforms within Gaming and iGaming. This content allows players who like playing land-based game content to enjoy some of those same titles in SciPlay s free-to-play games. SciPlay has access to a library of more than 1,500 iconic casino titles, including titles and content from third-party licensed brands such as Monopoly and James Bond . SciPlay s access 
 57 

to this content, coupled with years of experience developing in-house content, uniquely positions SciPlay to create compelling digital games. 
 Current Year Update 
 Throughout 2023, SciPlay deployed significant updates across a number of their portfolio games, and it expects to deploy further updates to games in future years. 
 2023 was another record year for total revenue and AEBITDA, and SciPlay continues to see higher player engagement compared with the pre-COVID-19 time period. SciPlay s year-over-year total revenue growth was 16 . This result is primarily attributable to the revenue generated by Jackpot Party Casino, Quick Hit Slots , and Gold Fish Casino . We believe that there is an opportunity for continued improvement of operating results in 2024 and beyond, as SciPlay continues to execute on its strategic game updates, enhanced analytics and international expansion. 
 Results of Operations and Key Performance Indicators 
 
 58 

Year Ended December 31, Variance (in millions unless otherwise noted) 2023 2022 2023 vs. 2022 Revenue: Mobile in-app purchases 681 584 97 17 Web in-app purchases and other (1) 
 96 87 9 10 Total revenue 777 671 106 16 F/X impact on revenue (9) (3) (6) (200) KPIs: 
 In-App Purchases: Mobile Penetration (2) 
 89 90 (1) pp nm Average MAU (3) 
 5.7 6.0 (0.3) (5) Average DAU (4) 
 2.2 2.3 (0.1) (4) ARPDAU (5) 
 0.94 0.78 0.16 21 Average MPUs (6) (in thousands) 
 606 572 34 6 AMRPPU (7) 
 104.82 94.58 10.24 11 Payer Conversion Rate (8) 
 10.6 9.6 1.0 pp nm nm = not meaningful. 
 pp = percentage points. 
 (1) Other primarily represents advertising revenue, which was not material for the periods presented. 
 (2) Mobile penetration is defined as the percentage of business to consumer SciPlay revenue generated from mobile platforms. 
 (3) MAU = Monthly Active Users is a count of visitors to our sites during a month. An individual who plays multiple games or from multiple devices may, in certain circumstances, be counted more than once. However, we use third-party data to limit the occurrence of multiple counting. 
 (4) DAU = Daily Active Users is a count of visitors to our sites during a day. An individual who plays multiple games or from multiple devices may, in certain circumstances, be counted more than once. However, we use third-party data to limit the occurrence of multiple counting. 
 (5) ARPDAU = Average Revenue Per DAU is calculated by dividing revenue for a period by the DAU for the period by the number of days for the period. 
 (6) MPU = Monthly Paying Users is the number of individual users who made an in-game purchase during a particular month. 
 (7) AMRPPU = Average Monthly Revenue Per Paying User is calculated by dividing average monthly revenue by average MPUs for the applicable time period. 
 (8) Payer conversion rate is calculated by dividing average MPU for the period by the average MAU for the same period. 
 
 Revenue 
 Revenue increased as social casino payer engagement increased with an increase in average monthly paying users and average monthly revenue per paying user. 
 Mobile penetration percentage remained relatively flat and reflected how players are continuing to use mobile platforms to play SciPlay s games. 
 Average MAU decreased due to the turnover in users. ARPDAU increased as a function of lower average DAU coupled with an increase in payers. AMRPPU and average MPU increased as payer conversion improved due to the continued improvement of content and features resulting in increased paying player interaction. 
 Payer conversion rates continue to be elevated due to consistent payer interaction with the games as a result of SciPlay s focus on introducing new content, features and live events in their games. 
 Operating Expenses 
 The increase in operating expenses correlated with the above-described increase in revenue as a result of higher platform fees, resulting in 31 million in higher cost of revenue, coupled with higher stock-based compensation of 24 million, an 18 million increase in salaries and benefits (excluding stock-based compensation) related to an increase in headcount, and an impairment charge of 5 million related to the restructuring of a certain foreign studio. 
 AEBITDA 
 AEBITDA increased by 56 million and AEBITDA margin increased by 3 percentage points to 31 , primarily due to revenue growth as discussed above, partially offset by the increase in operating costs resulting from increases in salaries and benefits. 
 59 

iGAMING 
 Our iGaming business segment provides a comprehensive suite of digital gaming content, distribution platforms, player account management systems, as well as various other iGaming content and services. The majority of our revenue is derived from casino-style game content, including a wide variety of internally developed and branded games as well as popular third-party provider games. These games are made available to iGaming operators via content aggregation platforms, including Open Gaming System, remote gaming servers and various other platforms. We also provide our OPS, a player account management system which offers a wide range of reporting and administrative functions and tools providing operators full control over all areas of digital gaming operations. The majority of our iGaming revenue is based on a Participation model. Generally, we host the play of our game content which is integrated with the online casino operators websites. 
 Current Year Update 
 We continue to expand our customer base and capitalize on growth in the European and North American markets by leveraging our industry leading platforms, content and solutions, as well as invest in our ability to scale our own original U.S. land-based content offering. Currently we have launched in six U.S. states, and we are positioned to enter others as additional state legislatures authorize online gaming. In October 2023, we launched our live casino operations in Michigan. 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Overall, iGaming revenue increased by 35 million or 15 primarily due to continuing momentum in the U.S. market, which delivered 24 year-over-year revenue growth, driven by the strength of our original content and growth in our partner network, as well as growth in international markets. U.S. revenue in the current year also benefited from 6 million in certain license termination fees. Wagers processed through our Open Gaming System increased to 82.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023, a 15 increase from the prior year. 
 Operating expenses increased in correlation with the increase in revenue. AEBITDA increased by 15 million or 19 , and AEBITDA margin increased to 35 , also primarily due to the increase in revenue described above. 
 RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING GUIDANCE 
 For a description of recently issued accounting pronouncements, see Note 1. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Information regarding significant accounting policies is included in Note 1 and in the relevant sections of applicable Notes. As stated in Note 1, the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may 
 60 

differ from these estimates. We believe that the estimates, assumptions, and judgments involved in the following accounting policies have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements: 
 Business combinations; 
 Revenue recognition; 
 Goodwill, long-lived and other intangible assets - impairment assessment; 
 Income taxes; and 
 Legal contingencies. 
 Business Combinations 
 As described in Note 10, we account for business combinations in accordance with ASC 805. This standard requires the acquiring entity in a business combination to recognize all (and only) the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction and establishes the acquisition-date fair value as the measurement objective for all assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination, with certain exceptions for contract assets and contract liabilities in accordance with ASC 606. 
 Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management judgment, the utilization of independent valuation experts and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the timing and amounts of future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, market prices and asset lives, among other items. Any changes in the underlying assumptions can impact the estimates of fair value by material amounts, which can in turn materially impact our results of operations. If the subsequent actual results and updated projections of the underlying business activity change compared with the assumptions and projections used to develop these fair values, we could record impairment charges. In addition, we have estimated the economic lives of certain acquired assets and these lives are used to calculate D A expense. If our estimates of the economic lives change, D A expense could be accelerated or slowed. For example, for the acquisitions completed during 2022, if the intangible assets useful lives were extended by two years, the total annual depreciation and amortization would decrease by approximately 2 million, and if the useful lives were shortened by two years, the total annual depreciation and amortization would increase by approximately 3 million. Additionally, we record contingent acquisition consideration as a liability when applicable, the value of which is generally based on reaching certain earnings-based metrics. The related liability is recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date as part of the consideration transferred and remeasured each reporting period, with any change in fair value recorded to restructuring and other. See Note 16 for additional details. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Our revenue recognition policies described in Note 4 require us to make significant judgments and estimates. The guidance requires that we apply judgments or estimates to determine the performance obligations, the stand-alone selling prices of our performance obligations to customers, and the timing of transfer of control of the respective performance obligations. The evaluation of each of these criteria in light of contract-specific facts and circumstances is inherently judgmental, but certain judgments could significantly affect the timing or amount of revenue recognized if we were to reach a different conclusion than we have. The critical judgments we are required to make in our assessment of contracts with customers that could significantly affect the timing or amount of revenue recognized are: 
 Contracts with multiple promised goods and services. Because we enter into contracts with customers that involve promises to transfer multiple products and services, the determination of the distinct performance obligations in contracts with multiple promises requires significant judgment. Our total gaming systems revenue that often contains multiple promised goods and services was 268 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, or approximately 9 of consolidated revenue, a portion of which would not be recognized if we had reached a different conclusion. 
 Determination of stand-alone selling prices. The guidance requires that we determine the stand-alone selling price for our goods and services as a basis for allocating the transaction price to the identified distinct performance obligations in our contracts with customers. Because we often bundle the selling price for multiple promised goods or services, the determination of a stand-alone selling price or the relative range may require significant judgment. Our total gaming systems revenue that could be subject to this judgment and thus allocated to distinct performance obligations differently was a portion of 268 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, or approximately 9 of consolidated revenue. 
 Goodwill - Impairment Assessment 
 We allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the business combination. We evaluate our reporting units on at least an annual basis and, if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. We determined that we have six reporting units: Gaming, U.K. Gaming, Casino Management Systems, 
 61 

Table Products, SciPlay, and iGaming. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operating segment) annually on October 1 and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. 
 Goodwill is reviewed for impairment using either a qualitative assessment or a quantitative one-step process. If we perform a qualitative assessment and determine that the fair value of a reporting unit more likely than not exceeds the carrying value, no further evaluation is necessary. For reporting units where we perform the quantitative test, we are required to compare the fair value of each reporting unit, which we primarily determine using an income approach based on the present value of discounted cash flows and a market approach, to the respective carrying value, which includes goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, the goodwill is not considered impaired. If the carrying value is higher than the fair value, we recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit s estimated fair value. 
 Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. Performance of the qualitative goodwill assessment requires judgment in identifying and considering the significance of relevant key factors, events and circumstances that affect the fair value or carrying amount of the reporting units. Such events and circumstances that we have considered include macroeconomic conditions, industry specific and market considerations, and reporting unit-specific factors such as overall actual and projected financial performance, among other factors. We also considered the results from the most recent date that a fair value measurement was performed as a part of a quantitative goodwill assessment and specifically the cushion between each reporting unit s fair value and carrying value. The estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit as a part of a quantitative goodwill assessment change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and goodwill impairment, if any, for each reporting unit. 
 We performed our annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1, 2023 using a quantitative test for our Table Products reporting unit and a qualitative assessment for all other reporting units. For our Table Products reporting unit, we determined that the fair value of the reporting unit substantially exceeded its carrying value (greater than 20 and no impairment charges were warranted. Based on the results of our qualitative impairment assessment for the other reporting units, we concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair values of these reporting units substantially exceeded their respective carrying values and there were no reporting units requiring further assessment. 
 Long-lived Assets and Finite-lived Intangible Assets 
 We evaluate the recoverability of intangible assets and other long-lived assets with finite useful lives by comparing the carrying value of the asset group to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows that we expect the asset to generate if events or changes in circumstances indicate that these assets are not recoverable. Any impairment is measured as the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds the estimated fair value. The fair value is determined using a discounted cash flow approach where projections of future cash flows generated by those assets are discounted using an estimated discount rate. Significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows and the relative risk of achieving those cash flows. We also make judgments about the remaining useful lives of intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite lives. While we believe our estimates of future operating results and projected cash flows are reasonable, any significant adverse changes in key assumptions (i.e., adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset or asset group is being used or expectation that, more likely than not, an asset or asset group will be sold or otherwise disposed of before the end of its useful life) or adverse changes in economic and market conditions may cause a change in our evaluation of recoverability or our estimation of fair value and could result in an impairment charge that could be material to our financial statements. 
 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to the income tax laws of the many jurisdictions in which we operate. These tax laws are complex, and the manner in which they apply to our facts is sometimes open to interpretation. In establishing the provision for income taxes, we must make judgments about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. 
 Despite our belief that our tax return positions are consistent with applicable tax laws, we believe that taxing authorities could challenge certain positions. Settlement of any challenge can result in no change, a complete disallowance, or some partial adjustment reached through negotiations or litigation. We record tax benefits for uncertain tax positions based upon management s evaluation of the information available at the reporting date. To be recognized in the financial statements, a tax benefit must be at least more likely than not of being sustained based on technical merits. The tax benefit for positions 
 62 

meeting the recognition threshold is measured as the largest benefit more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. Significant judgment is required in making these determinations, and adjustments to uncertain tax positions may be necessary to reflect actual taxes payable upon settlement. Adjustments related to positions impacting the effective tax rate affect the provision for income taxes. Adjustments related to positions impacting the timing of deductions impact deferred tax assets and liabilities. 
 Our income tax positions and analysis are based on currently enacted tax law. Future changes in tax law could significantly impact the provision for income taxes, the amount of taxes payable, and the deferred tax asset and liability balances in future periods. Deferred tax assets generally represent tax benefits for tax deductions or credits available in future tax returns. Certain estimates and assumptions are required to determine whether it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the benefit of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. In making this assessment, management analyzes and estimates the impact of future taxable income, available carry-backs and carry-forwards, reversing temporary differences and available prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. 
 We have recorded valuation allowances in certain jurisdictions to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not to be realized. Should a change in facts or circumstances lead to a change in judgment about the ultimate realizability of a deferred tax asset, we record or adjust the related valuation allowance in the annual period that the change in facts and circumstances occurs, along with a corresponding increase or decrease in the provision for income taxes. 
 Legal Contingencies 
 We are subject to certain legal proceedings, demands, claims and threatened litigation that arise in the normal course of our business. We review the status of each significant matter quarterly and assess our potential financial exposure. If the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we record a liability and an expense for the estimated loss. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the range of the loss can be reasonably estimated, then we disclose the range of the possible loss. Significant judgment is required in the determination of whether a potential loss is probable, reasonably possible, or remote and in the determination of whether a potential exposure is reasonably estimable. Our accruals are based on the best information available at the time. As additional information becomes available, we reassess the liabilities and disclosures related to our pending claims and litigation and may revise our estimates. Potential legal liabilities and the revision of estimates of legal liabilities could have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. For discussion of our legal proceedings, see Note 20, which is incorporated by reference into Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL RESOURCES AND WORKING CAPITAL 
 Cash and Available Liquidity 
 As of December 31, 2023, our principal sources of liquidity, other than cash flows provided by operating activities, were cash and cash equivalents as well as amounts available under the LNWI Revolver, discussed further in Note 15. 
 The following table summarizes our cash and available revolver capacity as of December 31, 2023 and 2022: 
 (in millions) Cash and cash equivalents Revolver capacity Revolver capacity drawn or committed to letters of credit Total L W total as of December 31, 2023 
 425 750 (10) 1,165 L W (excluding SciPlay) 584 750 (12) 1,322 SciPlay 330 150 480 Total as of December 31, 2022 
 914 900 (12) 1,802 
 Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 During 2023, we drew and repaid a total of 205 million under the LNWI Revolver. As of December 31, 2023, the LNWI Revolver is undrawn and available. 
 Total cash held by our foreign subsidiaries was 166 million as of December 31, 2023 as compared to 142 million as of December 31, 2022. We believe that substantially all cash held outside the U.S. is free from legal encumbrances or similar restrictions that would prevent it from being available to meet our global liquidity needs. 
 63 

Our Gaming operations generally require significant upfront capital expenditures, and we may need to incur additional capital expenditures in order to retain or increase market share and continue our product investments. Other capital requirements for the near term primarily include debt principal and interest payments and also include purchase obligations and supply contracts, license agreement minimum guaranteed payments and lease obligations. In January 2024, we repriced the LNWI Term Loan B, reducing our interest rate as described in Note 15. Based on prevailing interest rates at December 31, 2023, we expect to pay required principal and interest payments on our debt in 2024 totaling approximately 22 million and 299 million, respectively (inclusive of the impact of interest rate swap contracts). 
 In April 2023, we paid 32 million in cash taxes associated with the Divestitures. As required under our certain debt agreements, we used a portion of the proceeds received from the Divestitures to reinvest in our business through the SciPlay Merger (see Note 1 for additional details). On October 23, 2023, we paid 496 million to the holders of SciPlay Class A common stock in connection with the SciPlay Merger. Upon completion of the SciPlay Merger, SciPlay s revolving credit facility was terminated, and any SciPlay cash and cash equivalents became available for use by L W. 
 Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and other obligations depends on our ability to generate cash in the future. We may from time to time repurchase or otherwise repay, retire or refinance our debt, through our subsidiaries or otherwise. Such activities, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, contractual restrictions and other factors, and the amounts involved may or may not be material. If we need to refinance all or part of our indebtedness at or before maturity, we cannot assure that we will be able to obtain new financing or to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 On February 25, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program under which we are authorized to repurchase, from time to time through February 25, 2025, up to an aggregate amount of 750 million of our outstanding common stock. Since the initiation of the program and through December 31, 2023, we repurchased 9.4 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of 575 million. During the year ended December 31, 2023, SciPlay repurchased 1.4 million shares of Class A common stock at an aggregate cost of 23 million under its former share repurchase program, which was terminated upon completion of the SciPlay Merger. 
 In the event we pursue significant acquisitions or other expansion opportunities, or conduct significant repurchases of our outstanding securities, we may need to raise additional capital, either through the public or private issuance of equity or debt securities or through additional borrowings under our existing or additional financing arrangements, which sources of funds may not necessarily be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If we do not have adequate liquidity to support these activities, we may be unable to obtain financing for these cash needs on favorable terms or at all. For additional information regarding our cash needs and related risks, see Risk Factors under Part I, Item 1A . 
 
 Cash Flow Summary 
 Year Ended December 31, Variance (in millions) 2023 2022 2023 vs. 2022 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities from: Continuing operations 590 (425) 1,015 Discontinued operations 44 (44) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 590 (381) 971 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities from: Continuing operations (248) (252) 4 Discontinued operations (3) 6,368 (6,371) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (251) 6,116 (6,367) Net cash used in financing activities from: Continuing operations (788) (5,460) 4,672 Discontinued operations (3) 3 Net cash used in financing activities (788) (5,463) 4,675 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 3 (6) 9 (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (446) 266 (712) 
 64 

Cash flows from operating activities 
 Year Ended December 31, Variance (in millions) 2023 2022 2023 vs. 2022 Net income 180 3,697 (3,517) Less: Income from discontinued operations, net of tax (3,873) 3,873 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) from continuing operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities from continuing operations 576 643 (67) Changes in working capital accounts, excluding the effects of acquisitions (82) (863) 781 Changes in deferred income taxes and other (84) (29) (55) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities from continuing operations 
 590 (425) 1,015 
 Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations increased in 2023 primarily due to a 234 million increase in earnings and favorable changes in working capital. The changes in our working capital accounts for the year ended December 31, 2023 were primarily driven by the following: 
 32 million in cash taxes paid during 2023 related to the Divestitures, compared to 641 million in 2022; 
 68 million unfavorable change in receivables due to timing of collections and higher billing primarily associated with strong growth in Gaming business as well as timing of collections from SciPlay platform providers; 
 29 million unfavorable change in inventory due to timing of orders and shipments as well as higher inventory purchases in order to limit supply chain impacts and support future sale levels; 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations decreased primarily due to transactions in the prior year, including SciPlay s acquisition of Alictus Yazilim Anonim irketi, partially offset by the settlement of cross-currency interest rate swaps for 50 million and the sale of Class A common stock of Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc., which we received from the divestiture of the Sports Betting Business, for 48 million. We also incurred higher capital expenditures in the current year. Capital expenditures are composed of investments in systems, equipment and other assets related to contracts, property and equipment, intangible assets and software. 
 Net cash provided by investing activities from discontinued operations decreased primarily as a result of the receipt of 6.4 billion in gross cash proceeds, net of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash transferred, from the Divestitures in 2022. 
 Cash flows from financing activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities decreased primarily due to the refinancing debt transactions in April 2022, in which we repaid 7.0 billion in senior notes (including redemption premium) and outstanding term loan borrowings and received 2.2 billion in proceeds from the issuance of the LNWI Term Loan B. This decrease was partially offset by costs related to the debt transactions in August 2023, in which we paid 20 million in premiums, fees and expenses for the issuance of the 2031 Unsecured Notes and redemption of the 2025 Unsecured Notes, as well as 496 million paid to the holders of SciPlay Class A common stock in connection with the SciPlay Merger. We also purchased less of our outstanding common stock under our share repurchase program during the current year. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, we purchased 171 million and 405 million, respectively, of our common stock. 
 
 Credit Agreement and Other Debt 
 For additional information regarding the LNWI Credit Agreement and other debt, interest rate risk and interest rate hedging instruments, see Notes 15 and 16 as well as Part II , Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2023, we did not have any significant off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 
 ITEM 7A. DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates and commodity prices. The following describes our financial instruments which expose us to market risk. 
 65 

Interest Rate Risk 
 As of December 31, 2023, the face value of long-term debt was 3.9 billion, including 2.2 billion of variable rate obligations that fluctuate based on SOFR. Assuming a constant outstanding balance for our variable-rate long-term debt and excluding the impact of interest rate swap contracts, a hypothetical 1 change in interest rates would result in interest expense changing by approximately 22 million. All of our interest rate sensitive financial instruments are held for purposes other than trading. 
 We have attempted to limit our exposure to interest rate risk by using interest rate swap contracts to mitigate interest rate risk associated with a portion of our variable rate debt instruments. The objective of our interest rate swap contracts, which are designated as cash flow hedges of the future interest payments, is to eliminate the variability of cash flows attributable to the SOFR component of interest expense to be paid on a portion of our variable rate debt. 
 In April 2022, we entered into interest rate swap contracts to hedge a portion of our interest expense associated with our variable rate debt and effectively fix the interest rate that we pay. We pay interest at a weighted-average fixed rate of 2.8320 and receive interest at a variable rate equal to one-month Chicago Mercantile Exchange Term SOFR. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the one-month Chicago Mercantile Exchange Term SOFR was 5.35 . As of December 31, 2023, the total notional amount of these interest rate swaps was 700 million, which effectively fixes 700 million of the variable rate debt described above. These hedges mature in April 2027. 
 For additional information regarding our long-term debt and interest rate swap contracts, see Notes 15 and 16, respectively. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The financial statements and other information required by this item are included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are presented beginning on page 70 . 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The management of L W is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of L (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment we concluded that, as of December 31, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 66 

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm. Their report is included below. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 67 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Light Wonder, Inc.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Light Wonder, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, of the Company and our report dated February 27, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
 preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Las Vegas, NV 
 February 27, 2024 
 68 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies 
 Certain of our officers or directors have made elections to participate in, and are participating in, our 401(k) plan and have made, and may from time to time make, elections to have shares withheld to cover withholding taxes, which may be designed to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act or may constitute non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K). During the year ended December 31, 2023, no director or officer of the Company or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" as such term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct that applies to all of our officers, directors and employees (including our CEO, CFO and CAO) and have posted the Code of Business Conduct on our website at explore.investors.lnw.com/governance/governance-documents . In the event that we have any amendments to or waivers from any provision of the Code of Business Conduct applicable to our CEO, CFO or CAO, we intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K by posting such information on our website at explore.investors.lnw.com/governance . 
 Information relating to our executive officers is included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The other information called for by this item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC. If such proxy statement is not filed on or before April 30, 2024, the information called for by this item will be filed as part of an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K on or before such date. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC. If such proxy statement is not filed on or before April 30, 2024, the information called for by this item will be filed as part of an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K on or before such date. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC. If such proxy statement is not filed on or before April 30, 2024, the information called for by this item will be filed as part of an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K on or before such date. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC. If such proxy statement is not filed on or before April 30, 2024, the information called for by this item will be filed as part of an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K on or before such date. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC. If such proxy statement is not filed on or before April 30, 2024, the information called for by this item will be filed as part of an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K on or before such date. 
 69 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Form 10-K Page 1. Financial Statements: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 73 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 74 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 75 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 76 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 77 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 79 
 2. Financial Statement Schedule: Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 112 
 3. Exhibits 
 113 
 
 70 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Light Wonder, Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Light Wonder, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 27, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition Refer to Note 4 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Certain of the Company s revenue contracts with customers include multiple promises (such as hardware, software, professional services, and maintenance among others). The Company is required to evaluate the components of a contract using applicable GAAP, and determine whether each promise represents a performance obligation. The evaluation of the components of a contract, including lease and non-lease components and performance obligations, can require significant judgment and could change the amount of revenue recognized in a given period. 
 We identified the evaluation of components for contracts with higher contract values as a critical audit matter because of the judgments and estimates management makes to evaluate such contracts and the impact of such judgments on the amount of revenue recognized in a given period. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of testing. 
 71 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to testing revenue contracts with higher contract values for the determination of performance obligations included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over: 
 Preparation and review of accounting analyses. 
 Contract reviews to identify all promises and determine whether such promises are both capable of being distinct and distinct in the context of the contract such that they constitute performance obligations. 
 For selected contracts, we performed the following: 
 Obtained contract documents, including master agreements, and other documents that were relevant to the contract. 
 Tested management s identification of lease and non-lease components and performance obligations by evaluating whether the promises were both capable of being distinct and distinct within the context of the contract, including reading the selected contracts and inquiring of certain of the Company s accounting and operations personnel to understand the nature of the promises and how they are delivered to the customer. 
 Sent requests to customers for confirmation of key contract terms and compared responses to management s analysis and inspected other correspondence between the customer and the Company that could be relevant to the contract. As applicable, inspected the aging of outstanding receivables or credit memos. 

/s/ 
 
 February 27, 2024 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2003. 
 72 

LIGHT WONDER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenue: Services Products Total revenue Operating expenses: Cost of services (1) 
 Cost of products (1) 
 Selling, general and administrative Research and development Depreciation, amortization and impairments Restructuring and other Operating income Other (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) ) Loss on debt financing transactions ) ) Gain on remeasurement of debt and other Other income, net Total other expense, net ) ) ) Net income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Net income (loss) from continuing operations ) Net income from discontinued operations, net of tax (2) 
 Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to L W Per Share - Basic: Net income (loss) from continuing operations 
 ) Net income from discontinued operations Net income attributable to L W Per Share - Diluted: Net income (loss) from continuing operations 
 ) Net income from discontinued operations Net income attributable to L W Weighted average number of shares used in per share calculations: Basic shares 
 Diluted shares 
 million on the sale of discontinued operations (see Note 2). 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 73 

LIGHT WONDER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in millions) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation gain (loss), net of tax ) ) Derivative financial instruments unrealized (loss) gain, net of tax ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) Total other comprehensive loss from discontinued operations ) Total comprehensive income Less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income attributable to L W 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 74 

LIGHT WONDER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except par value) 
 As of December 31, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses, deposits and other current assets Total current assets Non-current assets: Restricted cash Receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Software, net Deferred income taxes Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Income taxes payable Total current liabilities Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Long-term debt, excluding current portion Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 20) 
 Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued, respectively, and and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost, and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total L W stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 75 

LIGHT WONDER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in millions) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Loss) Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interest Total December 31, 2020 
 ) ) ) ) Vesting of RSUs, net of tax withholdings and other ) ) Stock-based compensation Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) ) Settlement of liability awards Vesting of RSUs, net of tax withholdings and other ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Purchase of SciPlay Class A common stock ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) December 31, 2022 
 ) ) Settlement of liability awards Vesting of RSUs, net of tax withholdings and other ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Purchase of SciPlay Class A common stock ) ) Acquisition of SciPlay noncontrolling interest, net of tax effects ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Net income Other comprehensive income December 31, 2023 
 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 76 

LIGHT WONDER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Less: Income from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) from continuing operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities from continuing operations: Depreciation, amortization and impairments Contingent acquisition consideration fair value adjustments ) Change in deferred income taxes ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Non-cash interest expense Provision for bad debts and inventory charges Loss on debt financing transactions Gain on remeasurement of debt ) ) Foreign currency transaction net losses, (gain) on sale of assets and other, net ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions: Receivables ) ) Inventories ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) ) Income taxes payable, net ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities from continuing operations ) Net cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Acquisitions of businesses and assets, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from settlement of cross-currency interest rate swaps Proceeds from sale of investments and other, net ) Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities from discontinued operations (1) 
 ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) 
 77 

Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings under revolving credit facilities Repayments under revolving credit facilities ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of senior notes and term loans Repayments of notes and term loans (including redemption premium) ) ) Payments on long-term debt ) ) ) Payments of debt issuance and deferred financing costs ) ) ) Payments on license obligations ) ) ) Payments of contingent acquisition consideration ) ) Purchase of L W common stock ) ) Purchase of SciPlay s Class A common stock ) ) Acquisition of SciPlay noncontrolling interest ) Net redemptions of common stock under stock-based compensation plans and other ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities from discontinued operations ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Less: Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of discontinued operations Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of continuing operations, end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Income taxes paid Distributed earnings from equity investments Cash paid for contingent acquisition considerations included in operating activities million in gross cash proceeds from the sale of discontinued operations, net of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash transferred. 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 78 

LIGHT WONDER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in USD, table amounts in millions, except per share amounts) 

(1) Description of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 business segments Gaming, SciPlay and iGaming representing our different products and services. 
 On October 23, 2023, we acquired the remaining approximately equity interest in SciPlay not already owned by us pursuant to a merger (the SciPlay Merger in an all-cash transaction of million, excluding transaction fees and expenses. As a result of SciPlay Merger, SciPlay ceased to be publicly traded and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of L W. As we controlled SciPlay prior to this transaction, the SciPlay Merger was accounted for as an equity transaction in accordance with ASC 810 Consolidation , specifically ASC 810-10-45-21 through ASC 810-10-45-24 Changes in a Parent s Ownership Interest in a Subsidiary . Upon completion of the SciPlay Merger, SciPlay s revolving credit facility was terminated. There were no borrowings outstanding under SciPlay s revolving credit facility at the time of termination. 
 We completed the sales of our former Lottery Business and Sports Betting Business during the second and third quarters of 2022, respectively. We have reflected the prior period financial results of these Divested Businesses as discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of operations. Refer to Note 2 for further information. Unless otherwise noted, amounts and disclosures included herein relate to our continuing operations. 
 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 Additional accounting policy disclosures are provided within the applicable Notes. 
 
 79 

Amortization expense related to these licenses and recorded in D A for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Other long-term liabilities Total minimum guarantee obligations Weighted average remaining term (in years) 
 
 of SciPlay s outstanding common stock, and consolidated SciPlay. The noncontrolling interest share of equity in SciPlay is reflected as noncontrolling interest in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Upon completion of the SciPlay Merger, SciPlay became a wholly-owned subsidiary of L W. 
 million, million and million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 million, loss of million and gain of million, respectively, related to foreign currency transactions as well as million, million and million, respectively, in interest income. 
 80 

(2) Discontinued Operations 
 For the sale of our former Lottery Business completed during the second quarter of 2022, we received billion in gross cash proceeds and recorded a pre-tax gain of billion. For the sale of our former Sports Betting Business completed during the third quarter of 2022, we received million in gross proceeds and recorded a pre-tax gain of million. 
 Total cost of revenue (1) 
 Other operating expenses (2) 
 Operating income Total other income, net Net income from discontinued operations before income taxes 
 Gain on sale of discontinued operations before income taxes Total net income from discontinued operations before income taxes 
 Income tax expense ) ) Net income from discontinued operations, net of tax included in the consolidated statement of operations million for the year ended December 31, 2021, stock-based compensation of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and direct transaction closing fees of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Due to the discontinued operations classification of the Divested Businesses as of the third quarter of 2021, D A ceased and is included for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 81 

(3) Business Segments 
 business segments Gaming, SciPlay and iGaming representing our different products and services. Our Gaming business segment generally sells game content and gaming machines, VGTs, VLTs (including conversion kits and parts), leases or otherwise provides gaming content, gaming machines and server-based systems. It also sells and supports CMS-based software and hardware, licenses PTG content and supplies Shufflers and other table products utilities to commercial, tribal and governmental gaming operators. Our SciPlay business segment develops, markets and operates a portfolio of social games played on various mobile and web platforms as well as other games in the hyper-casual space. Our iGaming business segment provides a comprehensive suite of digital gaming content, distribution platforms, player account management systems, as well as various other iGaming content and services. See Note 4 for the products and services from which each reportable segment derives its revenues. 
 In evaluating financial performance, our CODM (defined as our Chief Executive Officer) focuses on AEBITDA as management s primary segment measure of profit or loss, which is described in footnote (2) to the below table. The accounting policies for our business segments are the same as those described in these Notes. 
 AEBITDA (2) 
 ) Reconciling items to consolidated net income from continuing operations before income taxes: 
 D A 
 ) ) ) ) ) Restructuring and other 
 ) ) ) ) ) Interest expense 
 ) ) Loss on debt refinancing transactions ) ) Other income, net 
 Stock-based compensation 
 ) ) Net income from continuing operations before income taxes 
 Assets as of December 31, 2023 
 Capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2023 
 
 82 

AEBITDA (2) 
 ) Reconciling items to consolidated net loss from continuing operations before income taxes: 
 D A 
 ) ) ) ) ) Restructuring and other ) ) ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) Loss on debt financing transactions ) ) Gain on remeasurement of debt and other Other income, net Stock-based compensation ) ) Net loss from continuing operations before income taxes 
 ) Assets as of December 31, 2022 
 Capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Gaming SciPlay iGaming Unallocated and Reconciling Items (1) 
 Total Total revenue 
 AEBITDA (2) 
 ) Reconciling items to consolidated net loss from continuing operations before income taxes: 
 D A 
 ) ) ) ) ) Restructuring and other ) ) ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) Gain on remeasurement of debt 
 Other income, net 
 Stock-based compensation 
 ) ) Net loss from continuing operations before income taxes 
 ) Capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Other Total 
 
 83 

Other Total 
 
 (4) Revenue Recognition 
 Gaming machine sales Gaming systems Table products Total SciPlay Mobile in-app purchases Web in-app purchases and other (2) 
 Total iGaming million VAT recovery received from certain U.K. customers related to a 2020 U.K. court ruling associated with overcharging of VAT for gaming operators that consequently reduced our net gaming revenues related to these customers and arrangements. 
 
 General 
 We evaluate the recognition of revenue and rental income based on the criteria set forth in ASC 606 or ASC 842, as appropriate. Revenue is recognized net of incentive rebates and discounts when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Sales taxes and all other items of a similar nature are excluded from the measurement of the transaction price, and shipping and handling activities are treated as a fulfillment of our promise to transfer the goods and are, hence, included in cost of products. 
 Our credit terms are predominately short term in nature. We also grant extended payment terms under certain Gaming contracts, with financing terms of more than 12 months, primarily where the sale is secured by the related equipment sold. For these contracts with customers for which the financing component is determined to be significant to the contract, and that have financing terms of more than 12 months, the contract transaction price is adjusted for the effect of a financing component (time value of money). 
 Any sales commissions associated with the sale or placement of our products and services are expensed as incurred, as contracts associated with sales commissions are generally completed within a one-year period. 
 Contracts with Customers with Multiple Promised Goods and Services 
 We enter into contracts with customers that include multiple promises (such as gaming machines, gaming systems hardware and software, installation, service and maintenance, warranties and maintenance bundled promises). For such contracts, the transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation using an estimate of stand-alone selling price, which is generally based on observable prices or a cost plus margin approach. The establishment of stand-alone selling price requires judgment as to whether there is a sufficient quantity of items sold or substantively renewed on a stand-alone basis, and those prices demonstrate an appropriate level of concentration to conclude that a stand-alone selling price exists. 
 The guidance in ASC 606 requires that we apply judgments or estimates to determine both the performance obligations and the stand-alone selling prices of identified performance obligations. Contracts with multiple promised goods and services 
 84 

million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 respectively. 
 The amount of rental income revenue that is outside the scope of ASC 606 was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 Gaming Machine Sales 
 These contracts with customers include the sale of gaming machines, including game content, electronic table game products and parts (including game themes and conversion kits). We transfer control and recognize revenue from the sale of gaming machines at a point in time upon delivery of gaming machines to our customers or distributors pursuant to the terms of the contract. 
 Gaming Systems 
 Gaming systems contracts with customers can include a comprehensive suite of technology solutions provided to gaming operators, including perpetual licenses to core system solutions and non-core system solutions and other applications and tools. Gaming systems products also include the iVIEW touch screen display, which facilitates the player experience, bonus features, customer service, employee functions and ongoing hardware and software maintenance services and upgrades. 
 Determination of performance obligations and timing of the transfer of control varies by contract. Generally, these contracts contain multiple promised goods and services, including the following: (i) core system software license; (ii) non-core system software license(s); (iii) professional services; (iv) system-based hardware; (v) in-game hardware products and (vi) software and hardware maintenance and product support. 
 Control transfers, and we recognize revenue, from the sale of perpetual gaming systems licenses and various hardware products at a point in time when the gaming system is available for use by a customer which is no earlier than the commencement of the license term, and for the hardware products, upon delivery. For contracts that include new core gaming system installations, control is not considered transferred until control of the core gaming system license is transferred as the additional promises are generally highly dependent on the core gaming system. Software and hardware maintenance and product support services are considered stand-ready obligations; therefore, control transfers and revenue is recognized over time over the term of the maintenance and support period. 
 Table Products 
 Table products revenue is generated from supplying and maintaining or selling table game products, primarily including automatic card shufflers, deck checkers, table roulette chip sorters and other land-based table gaming equipment. We transfer control and recognize revenue from the sale of table products at a point in time upon delivery to our customers or distributors pursuant to the terms of the contract. For supply and maintenance contracts, for which consideration is primarily based on a fixed monthly fee, we generally transfer control and recognize rental income over the term of the supply period and classify such rental income as service revenue. Such contracts are generally short-term in nature. We also license our proprietary table games content, for which revenue is recognized at a point in time under the licensing of intellectual property guidance as such licenses are functional licenses or over time for subscription arrangements to our proprietary table games content library. 
 SciPlay 
 SciPlay in-app purchase revenues are generated from the sale of virtual coins, chips and bingo cards coins, chips and cards ), which players can use to play casino style slot games, table games and bingo games (i.e., spin in the case of slot games, 
 85 

Liabilities recognized during the period Amounts recognized in revenue from beginning balance ) Contract liability balance, end of period (1) 
 
 The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in billed receivables, unbilled receivables (contract assets), and customer advances and deposits (contract liabilities) on our consolidated balance sheets. Other than contracts with customers with financing arrangements exceeding 12 months, revenue recognition is generally proximal to conversion to cash. 
 End of period balance, December 31, 2023 

(5) Restructuring and Other 
 86 

Strategic review and related (1) 
 Contingent acquisition consideration (2) 
 ) Legal and related (see Note 20) Restructuring, integration and other Total 
 
 (6) Basic and Diluted Net Income Attributable to L W Per Share 
 Stock options RSUs Weighted average shares for diluted earnings per share 
 Basic and diluted net income attributable to L W per share was the same for the year ended December 31, 2022, as all common stock equivalents would have been anti-dilutive due to the net loss from continuing operations in that period. We excluded million of stock options and million of RSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2022 from the calculation of diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 (7) Receivables, Allowance for Credit Losses and Credit Quality of Receivables 
 million and million in gross receivables with extended payment terms as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Interest income, if any, is recognized ratably over the life of the receivable, and any related fees or costs to establish the receivables are charged to selling, general and administrative expense as incurred, as they are immaterial. Actual or imputed interest, if any, is determined based on current market rates at the time the receivables with extended payment terms originated and is recorded ratably over the payment period, which approximates the effective interest method. We generally impute interest income on all receivables with payment terms greater than one year that do not contain a stated interest rate. Our general policy is to recognize interest on receivables until a receivable is deemed non-performing, which we define as payments being overdue by 180 days beyond the agreed-upon terms. When a receivable is deemed to be non-performing, the item is placed on non-accrual status and interest income is recognized on a cash basis. Accrued interest, non-performing receivables and interest income were immaterial for all periods presented. 
 87 

Allowance for credit losses ) ) Current receivables, net Long-term: Receivables Allowance for credit losses ) ) Long-term receivables, net Total receivables, net 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The receivables allowance for credit losses is our best estimate of the amount of expected credit losses in our existing receivables over the contractual term. We evaluate our exposure to credit loss on both a collective and individual basis. We evaluate such receivables on a geographic basis and take into account any relevant available information, which begins with historical credit loss experience and consideration of current and expected conditions and market trends (such as general economic conditions, other microeconomic and macroeconomic considerations, etc.) and reasonable and supportable forecasts that could impact the collectability of such receivables over the contractual term individually or in the aggregate. Changes in circumstances relating to these factors may result in the need to increase or decrease our allowance for credit losses in the future. 
 We manage our receivable portfolios using both geography and delinquency as key credit quality indicators. The following table summarizes geographical delinquencies of total receivables, net: 
 International Total receivables Receivables allowance: U.S. and Canada ) ) ) ) International ) ) ) ) Total receivables allowance ) ) ) ) Receivables, net 
 Account balances are charged against the allowances after all internal and external collection efforts have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote.) ) ) ) Provision ) ) ) Charge-offs and recoveries Allowance for credit losses as of December 31 ) ) ) ) 
 At December 31, 2023, of our total receivables, net, were past due by over 90 days compared to at December 31, 2022. 
 88 

Allowance for credit losses ) ) ) Receivables, net 
 We continuously review receivables and, as information concerning credit quality and/or overall economic environment arises, reassess our expectations of future losses and record an incremental reserve if warranted at that time. Our current allowance for credit losses represents our current expectation of credit losses; however, future expectations could change as international unrest or other macro-economic factors impact the financial stability of our customers. 
 The fair value of receivables is estimated by discounting expected future cash flows using current interest rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and remaining maturities. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the fair value of receivables, net, approximated the carrying value due to contractual terms of receivables generally being less than 24 months. 
 
 (8) Inventories 
 Finished goods Total inventories 
 89 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 (9) Property and Equipment, net 
 - 
 Machinery and equipment - 
 Transportation equipment - 
 Furniture and fixtures - 
 Buildings and improvements - 
 
 Costs incurred for equipment associated with specific Gaming contracts not yet placed into service are classified as construction in progress and are not depreciated until placed into service. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the term of the corresponding lease or their useful life. 
 We periodically review the estimated useful lives of our fixed assets and assess the recoverability of long-lived assets (or asset groups) whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such an asset (or asset groups) may not be recoverable. 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements Gaming machinery and equipment Furniture and fixtures Construction in progress Other property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense is excluded from Cost of services, Cost of products and Other operating expenses and is separately presented within D A. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 
 Depreciation expense 
 
 (10) Acquisitions 
 90 

of all issued and outstanding share capital of privately held Alictus Yazilim Anonim irketi Alictus ), a Turkey-based hyper-casual game studio for approximately million cash consideration, net of cash acquired. The remaining will be acquired ratably for potential additional consideration payable annually based upon the achievement of specified revenue and earnings targets by Alictus during each of the five years following the acquisition date. Any future payments associated with the acquisition of the remaining will represent a redeemable non-controlling interest, with a minimum payout of and a maximum payout of million. The Alictus acquisition expands SciPlay s business in the casual gaming market, growing its game pipeline and diversifying its revenue streams as it advances its strategy to be a diversified global game developer. Alictus has been included in our SciPlay business segment. 
 In April 2022, we acquired Playzido Limited Playzido ), a dynamic content creation platform provider and game supplier, which is expected to accelerate the pace at which we can partner with game studios and operators to expand our iGaming content offering. Playzido has been included in our iGaming business segment. 
 In October 2022, we acquired substantially all of the assets of House Advantage, LLC House Advantage ), a leading loyalty and marketing software and technology provider, which expands our Gaming systems offering with enhanced loyalty capabilities. House Advantage has been included in our Gaming business segment and was accounted for as an asset acquisition. 
 Years million acquired in short term investments. 
 and and a maximum payout of up to million. 
 and . Royalty rates used for the trade names as well as acquired game content and related technology ranged between and and and , respectively. 
 
 2021 Acquisitions 
 Acquisitions Related to Continuing Operations 
 In July 2021, SciPlay acquired privately held Koukoi Games Oy Koukoi ), a developer and operator of casual mobile games. Koukoi has been included in our SciPlay business segment, and the purchase was accounted for as an asset acquisition. 
 In August 2021, we acquired privately held Lightning Box Games Lightning Box ), an iGaming content studio. Lightning Box has been included in our iGaming business segment. 
 In October 2021, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire Automated Cashless Systems, Inc. s ACS table game solution PLAYON PlayOn ), a cashless product line that provides players with a debit solution at live table games. PlayOn was re-named to Access To On Demand Money ATOM and is included in our Gaming business segment. 
 In November 2021, we acquired Authentic Gaming, a premium provider of live casino solutions, which has been included in our iGaming business segment. 
 In December 2021, we acquired ELK Studios, a leading European games developer, which has been included in our iGaming business segment. 
 Acquisitions Related to Discontinued Operations 
 In May 2021, we acquired SportCast Pty, Limited SportCast ), a privately held sports-betting content and player engagement technology and platform supplier, which was included in the Sports Betting Business. 
 91 

Years Acquisitions related to discontinued operations (4) 
 Years Aggregate total and and and , respectively. 
 million increase in fair value of the option agreement to acquire SportCast, which resulted in a million gain recorded in Net income from discontinued operations, net of tax, in our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. The fair value of the option was determined using an income approach method and level 3 inputs in the hierarchy as established by ASC 820. The discount rate used in the valuation analyses was . 
 
 The revenue and earnings associated with all of the above acquisitions were not significant to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 (11) Intangible Assets, net and Goodwill 
 with no estimated residual values, which materially approximates the expected pattern of use. Factors considered when assigning useful lives include legal, regulatory and contractual provisions, product obsolescence, demand, competition and other economic factors. 
 ) ) Intellectual property 
 ) ) Licenses ) ) Brand names ) ) Trade names ) ) Patents and other ) ) Total intangible assets ) ) 
 92 

million related to SciPlay restructuring of a certain foreign studio. 

During the fourth quarter of 2021 and as a result of corporate-wide rebranding, we determined that useful lives for certain of our finite-lived and previously indefinite-lived trade names in our Gaming business segment warranted a change. We first performed an impairment assessment, which indicated that carrying values of these trade names were not impaired. The change in useful life determination was treated as a change in estimate with a million carrying value of these legacy trade names being amortized on a straight-line basis beginning in the fourth quarter of 2021 over , which materially approximated the expected pattern of use. The incremental expense of this change for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively, and recorded in D A. 
 We assess the recoverability of long-lived assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives whenever events arise or circumstances change that indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets (or asset groups) to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying value of the asset (or asset group) to the expected net future undiscounted cash flows to be generated by that asset (or asset group). Any impairment of other long-lived assets and intangible assets with finite lives is measured by the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds the fair market value of the asset. 
 Goodwill 
 Acquired goodwill Foreign currency adjustments ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Foreign currency adjustments ) Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 million. 
 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed of acquired companies. We test goodwill for impairment annually as of October 1 of each fiscal year or more frequently if events arise or circumstances change that indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. 
 We evaluate goodwill at the reporting unit level by comparing the carrying value of each reporting unit to its fair value using a quantitative impairment test or qualitative assessment, as deemed appropriate. Under the qualitative assessment option, we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, which is commonly referred to as Step 0. If it is determined that it is not more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying value, goodwill is not considered impaired. For reporting units where we perform the quantitative test, we are required to compare the fair value of each reporting unit, which we primarily determine using an income approach based on the present value of discounted cash flows and a market approach, to the respective carrying value, which includes goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit s fair value determined based on the quantitative test, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
 93 

reporting units: Gaming, U.K. Gaming, Casino Management Systems, Table Products, SciPlay, and iGaming. For business segment information, see Note 3. 
 Our annual goodwill impairment tests as of October 1, 2023 indicated it was more likely than not that the fair values of each of our reporting units that have goodwill exceeded their respective carrying values. 
 
 (12) Software, net 
 on a straight-line basis. 
 We purchase, license and incur costs to develop external use software to be used in the products we sell, lease or market to customers. Costs incurred in creating software are expensed when incurred as R D until technological feasibility has been established, after which costs are capitalized up to the date the software is available for general release to customers. Generally, the software we develop reaches technological feasibility when a working model of the software is available. We capitalize the payments made for software that we purchase or license for use in our products that has previously met the technological feasibility criteria prior to our purchase or license. Amortization of capitalized software costs is recorded over the estimated economic life, which is typically two to . 
 For our new game themes, we have determined that such products generally reach technological feasibility when internal testing is complete and the product is ready to be submitted to gaming regulators for approval. We incur and capitalize regulatory approval costs for our game themes after technological feasibility is achieved. Amortization of regulatory approval costs is recorded over the estimated economic life, which is typically two to . 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Software, net 
 In the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, we capitalized million and million, respectively, of development expenditures. 
 
 94 

(13) Accrued Liabilities 
 Accrued interest Accrued licenses Legal matters Contract liabilities (including customer advances, deposits and funds held on behalf of customers) Taxes, other than income Operating lease liabilities Contingent acquisition consideration liabilities Other Total million and million in liability-classified equity awards as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

(14) Leases and Other Commitments 
 , some of which include options to extend the leases for up to or to terminate the leases within . Our finance leases are immaterial. 
 Our total operating lease expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total amount of variable and short-term lease payments was immaterial for all periods presented. 
 Accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term, years Weighted average discount rate 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows for operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities: Operating leases 
 ) 
 As of December 31, 2023, we did not have material additional operating leases that have not yet commenced. 
 95 

of participant contributions (as defined in the plan document). Contribution expense for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 amounted to million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 (15) Long-Term Debt 
 LNWI Term Loan B 2029 variable ) LNWI Senior Notes: 2025 Unsecured Notes 2025 2028 Unsecured Notes 2028 ) 2029 Unsecured Notes 2029 ) 2031 Unsecured Notes 2031 ) Other Total long-term debt outstanding ) Less: current portion of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt, excluding current portion Fair value of debt (1) 
 
 Term Loan B 2025 Term Loan B 2026 Term Loan B Other 2027 Term Loan B Drawn Revolving Credit Facility 2028 Term Loan B 2028 Unsecured Notes 2029 and beyond Term Loan B 2029 Unsecured Notes 2031 Unsecured Notes Unamortized discount and deferred financing costs ) Total debt book value as of December 31, 2023 
 
 96 

million that matures April 14, 2027, with up to million available for issuances of letters of credit and (b) the LNWI Term Loan B, a term loan facility with an initial aggregate principal amount of billion that matures April 14, 2029. 
 The LNWI Term Loan B amortizes in equal quarterly installments in an amount equal to per annum of the stated principal amount thereof, with the remaining balance due at final maturity. LNWI may voluntarily prepay all or any portion of outstanding amounts under the LNWI Credit Agreement at any time, without premium or penalty, subject to redeployment costs in the case of a prepayment of Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the LNWI Credit Agreement) loans on a day that is not the last day of the relevant interest period. 
 The interest rate for the Term Loan B was either (i) Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the LNWI Credit Agreement), which includes a credit spread adjustment ranging from to basis points, plus per annum or (ii) a base rate plus per annum. The interest rate for revolver borrowings is either (i) Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (or an alternative benchmark rate for non-US dollar borrowings) plus per annum or (ii) a base rate plus per annum, with one per annum step-up and one per annum step-down based on LNWI s Consolidated Net First Lien Leverage Ratio (as defined in the LNWI Credit Agreement) at the end of future fiscal quarters. LNWI is required to pay commitment fees to revolving lenders on the actual daily unused portion of the revolving commitments at a rate of per annum through maturity, subject to a step-down to per annum or a step-up to per annum based upon the achievement of certain Consolidated Net First Lien Leverage Ratios. 
 On January 16, 2024, we amended the LNWI Credit Agreement and reduced the applicable margin on the LNWI Term Loan B. Following the amendment, the interest rate for the Term Loan B is either (i) Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the LNWI Credit Agreement) plus per annum or (ii) a base rate plus per annum. 
 2028, 2029 and 2031 Unsecured Notes 
 On August 23, 2023, LNWI issued million in aggregate principal amount of its 2031 Unsecured Notes. The net proceeds of the 2031 Unsecured Notes offering, together with cash on hand, were used to redeem all million of the 2025 Unsecured Notes and to pay accrued and unpaid interest thereon plus related premiums, fees and expenses. 
 On November 26, 2019, LNWI issued million in aggregate principal amount of its 2028 Unsecured Notes and million in aggregate principal amount of its 2029 Unsecured Notes. We used the net proceeds of the 2028 Unsecured Notes and the 2029 Unsecured Notes, together with cash on hand and borrowings under the revolving credit facility, to redeem billion in previously outstanding notes and pay accrued and unpaid interest thereon plus related premiums, fees, and costs, which redemption was completed on December 12, 2019, and to pay related fees and expenses of the offering. 
 Ranking, Guarantees and Collateral 
 Borrowings under the LNWI Credit Agreement are senior secured obligations of LNWI, rank equally to all of LNWI s existing and future senior debt and rank senior to all of LNWI s existing and future senior subordinated debt, if any. The Unsecured Notes are senior unsecured obligations of LNWI, rank equally to all of LNWI s existing and future senior debt and rank senior to all of LNWI s existing and future senior subordinated debt, if any. 
 Borrowings under the LNWI Credit Agreement and the Senior Notes are guaranteed by us and each of our current and future direct and indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries (other than LNWI and certain immaterial subsidiaries), subject to certain customary exceptions as set forth in the LNWI Credit Agreement and the indentures governing such notes. Borrowings 
 97 

of the capital stock (or other equity interests) of the direct domestic subsidiaries of L W, LNWI and the guarantors and of the capital stock (or other equity interests) of the direct foreign subsidiaries of L W, LNWI and the guarantors, in each case, subject to certain customary exceptions. 
 Restrictive Covenants 
 The credit facilities are subject to customary affirmative and negative covenants as well as a financial covenant. The financial covenant in the LNWI Credit Agreement is solely for the benefit of the revolving facility, is tested at the end of each fiscal quarter if the outstanding borrowings (excluding up to million of undrawn letters of credit and any cash collateralized letters of credit) under the revolving facility exceed of the commitments under the revolving facility, and requires that L W and its Restricted Subsidiaries not be in excess of a maximum Consolidated Net First Lien Leverage Ratio of :1.00. 
 Failure to comply with any of the covenants in these agreements could result in a default under these agreements and under other agreements containing cross-default provisions. Such a default would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of the debt under these agreements and other agreements containing cross-default provisions and, in the case of the LNWI Credit Agreement, to foreclose upon any collateral securing such debt. 
 We were in compliance with the financial covenants under our debt agreements as of December 31, 2023. 
 Debt Issuance Costs and Loss on Debt Financing Transactions 
 We capitalize debt issuance costs associated with long-term financing arrangements and amortize the deferred debt issuance costs over the term of the arrangement using the effective interest method. The capitalized debt issuance costs associated with long-term debt financing, other than line-of-credit arrangements, are presented as a direct reduction from the carrying value of long-term debt, consistent with the treatment of unamortized debt discount. In connection with the new credit agreement in April 2022, we capitalized million in financing costs, million of which were presented as a reduction to long-term debt and million were related to our revolving facility and included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. In connection with the issuance of the 2031 Unsecured Notes, we capitalized million in financing costs presented as a reduction to long-term debt. 
 Unamortized debt discount and deferred financing costs, net Total loss on debt financing transactions 
 
 (16) Fair Value Measurements 
 98 

and receive interest at a variable rate equal to one-month Chicago Mercantile Exchange Term SOFR. The total notional amount of these interest rate swaps was million as of December 31, 2023. These hedges mature in April 2027. We also previously had interest rate swap contracts that matured in February 2022. 
 Our hedges are highly effective in offsetting changes in our future expected cash flows due to the fluctuation in the variable rates associated with our variable rate debt. We qualitatively monitor the effectiveness of these hedges on a quarterly basis. As a result of the effective matching of the critical terms on our variable rate interest expense being hedged to the hedging instruments being used, we expect these hedges to remain highly effective. 
 All gains and losses from these hedges are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) until the future underlying payment transactions occur. Any realized gains or losses resulting from the hedges are recognized (together with the hedged transaction) as interest expense. We estimate the fair value of our interest rate swap contracts by discounting the future cash flows of both the fixed rate and variable rate interest payments based on market yield curves. The inputs used to measure the fair value of our interest rate swap contracts are categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as established by ASC 820.) Interest income (expense) recorded related to interest rate swap contracts ) ) 
 We do not expect to reclassify material amounts from accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense in the next twelve months.) ) ) Hedged item ) ) ) Derivative designated as hedging instrument 
 
 Contingent Acquisition Consideration Liabilities 
 In connection with our acquisitions, we have recorded certain contingent consideration liabilities (including redeemable non-controlling interest), of which the values are primarily based on reaching certain earnings-based metrics. The related liabilities were recorded at fair value on their respective acquisition dates as a part of the consideration transferred and are remeasured each reporting period (other than for redeemable non-controlling interest, which is measured based on its 
 99 

Payments ) Fair value adjustments (1) 
 Other adjustments (2) 
 ) Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 million in redeemable non-controlling interest liability associated with SciPlay s acquisition of Alictus Yazilim Anonim irketi in 2022, as specified financial targets for the first year were not met. The charge was recorded in other income, net in our consolidated statements of operations. 

(17) Stockholders Equity 
 Related to L W RSUs Related to SciPlay RSUs (1) 
 Total (2) 
 million, million and million, respectively, classified as liability awards. 
 
 Shares issued as part of equity-based compensation plans and the employee stock purchase plan ESPP ), net of shares surrendered Shares repurchased into treasury stock ) ) Shares outstanding as of end of period 
 L W Stock-Based and Other Incentive Compensation 
 Pursuant to our incentive stock plans, we offer stock-based compensation in the form of stock options and RSUs to employees and our non-employee directors. The terms of such stock option and RSU awards, including the vesting schedule of such awards, are determined at our discretion and subject to the terms of the applicable equity-based compensation plan. We also offer an ESPP, which allows for a total of up to million shares of common stock to be purchased by eligible employees under offerings made each January 1 and July 1. Employees participate through payroll deductions up to a maximum of of eligible compensation. The term of each offering period is , and shares are purchased on the last day of the offering period at a discount to the stock s market value. For offering periods in 2023, 2022 and 2021, we issued approximately , and shares of common stock, respectively, at average prices of , and per share, respectively. 
 Options granted over the last several years have generally become exercisable in four equal installments beginning on the first anniversary of the date of grant or when certain performance targets are determined to have been met, in all cases, with a maximum term of . RSUs typically vest in three or four equal installments beginning on the first anniversary of the date of grant or when certain performance targets are determined to have been met. 
 100 

million shares of common stock authorized for awards under the 2003 Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated (the 2003 Plan (plus available shares from a pre-existing equity-based compensation plan). As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately million shares reserved under the 2003 Plan for future grants of equity awards and less than million shares available under a pre-existing plan. 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Exercised ) Cancelled Options outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 Options exercisable as of December 31, 2023 
 Options expected to vest as of December 31, 2023 
 
 stock options were granted during the period ended December 31, 2023. The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of the options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield Expected life (in years) 
 The computation of the expected volatility is based on historical daily stock prices over a period commensurate with the expected life of the option. Expected life is based on annual historical employee exercise behavior of option grants with similar vesting periods and option expiration dates. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield of zero-coupon U.S. Treasury securities of comparable terms. We do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 At December 31, 2023, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense relating to unvested stock options was not material. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we received million in cash from the exercise of stock options. 
 101 

Granted SciPlay Converted RSUs Vested ) Cancelled ) Unvested RSUs as of December 31, 2023 
 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of RSUs granted during 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. The fair value of each RSU grant is based on the market value of our common stock at the time of grant. At December 31, 2023, we had million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense relating to all unvested RSUs amortized over a weighted-average period of approximately . The fair value at vesting date of RSUs vested during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 SciPlay Long-Term Incentive Plan and Modification 
 In 2019, we adopted the SciPlay Long-Term Incentive Plan SciPlay LTIP ). The SciPlay LTIP authorized the issuance of up to million shares of SciPlay s Class A common stock to be granted in connection with awards of incentive and nonqualified stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, stock appreciation rights and performance-based awards. 
 In connection with the SciPlay Merger, all of the outstanding RSUs and performance-based RSUs previously granted to SciPlay employees were converted to awards denominated in shares of L W common stock. The share conversion was calculated using a ratio in which the numerator is the per share of merger consideration paid to holders of SciPlay Class A common stock and the denominator is the average of the volume-weighted averages of the L W common stock prices on each of the ten consecutive trading days ending on (and including) the trading day that was two trading days prior to the date of the merger agreement. Approximately million time-based and performance-based SciPlay RSUs with an average grant price of per share of SciPlay Class A common stock were converted in the SciPlay Merger as described above. These awards were converted into approximately million L W awards, resulting in total modified compensation cost of million, which will continue to be expensed over the life of the awards. As of December 31, 2023, million is expected to be expensed over the remaining service period of the affected awards, a weighted average of years. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On February 25, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program under which the Company is authorized to repurchase, from time to time through February 25, 2025, up to an aggregate amount of million of shares of our outstanding common stock. Repurchases may be made at the discretion of the Transaction Committee of the Board of Directors through one or more open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, accelerated share repurchases, issuer tender offers or other derivative contracts or instruments, or a combination of the foregoing. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we repurchased million shares of common stock under the program at an aggregate cost of million (including excise tax). 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023 and prior to the SciPlay Merger and termination of the SciPlay share repurchase program, SciPlay repurchased million shares of Class A common stock at an aggregate cost of million. 
 102 

(18) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss) ) ) ) Change during period ) ) Reclassified into operations Balance at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) ) Change during period ) ) Reclassified into operations (3) 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) Change during period ) Reclassified into operations Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) million, million and million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(19) Income Taxes 
 million has been recorded to recognize only the portion of the DTAs that are more likely than not to be realized; however, the amount of the DTAs considered realizable could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carry forward period change or if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and additional weight is given to subjective evidence such as projections for future growth. 
 We apply a recognition threshold and measurement attribute related to uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on our tax returns. We recognize a tax benefit for financial reporting of an uncertain income tax position when it has a greater than 50 likelihood of being sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities. We measure the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being ultimately realized including evaluation of settlements. 
 ) ) Foreign Net income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense ) ) 
 103 

) U.S. State Foreign Total ) Deferred U.S. Federal ) ) U.S. State ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total ) ) ) Total income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 State tax expense ) Foreign earnings at rates different than U.S. federal rate ) Foreign withholding taxes ) ) Valuation allowance adjustments Permanent items ) ) Earnings from consolidated subsidiaries ) Tax benefits from intraperiod tax allocation to discontinued operations ) Tax credits ) Impact of internal planning and restructuring ) Impact of Divestitures ) Other ) ) Effective income tax rate ) 
 Our 2023 and 2022 effective tax rates were impacted by the effect of worldwide tax rates on foreign earnings, offset by internal planning and restructuring as well as the impact of the Divestitures. Our 2022 effective tax rate was impacted by not benefiting from year-to-date losses in continuing operations in accordance with the intraperiod tax expense (benefit) allocation rules as generally prescribed under ASC 740-20. Our 2021 effective tax rate was impacted by changes in global valuation allowances totaling ) million against net DTAs in various jurisdictions. 
 The Divestitures generated million of net cash taxes, after usage of tax attributes. Of this amount, million was paid in the year ended December 31, 2022 and the remainder was paid in the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying values of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The deferred income tax balances are established using the enacted statutory tax rates and are adjusted for changes in such rates in the period of change. 
 104 

Net operating loss carry forwards Capitalized research and development expenditures Interest limitation carry forwards Stock compensation Property and equipment Differences in financial reporting and tax basis for: Other Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Realizable deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Differences in financial reporting and tax basis for: Identifiable intangible assets ) ) Property and equipment ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset on balance sheet 
 Interest limitation carry forwards R D and state credit carry forwards 
 The state and foreign NOL carry forwards can be carried forward for periods that vary from three years to indefinitely. State tax credits expire through 2031. The interest limitation carry forwards can be carried forward indefinitely in all applicable jurisdictions. 
 State Foreign 
 Undistributed earnings of subsidiaries are accounted for as a temporary difference, except that DTLs are not recorded for undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that are deemed to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign jurisdictions. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 Tax Act required the Company to compute a tax on previously undistributed earnings and profits of its foreign subsidiaries upon transition from a worldwide tax system to a territorial tax system during the year ended December 31, 2017. The repatriation of such amounts in the future should generally be exempt from income taxes in the U.S. (as a result of the Tax Act) and in those jurisdictions that have a similar territorial system of taxation. Substantially all of our current year foreign cash flows are not intended to be indefinitely reinvested offshore, and therefore the tax effects of repatriation (including applicable withholding taxes) of such cash flows are provided for in our financial reporting. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits UTBs as of December 31, 2023 was million. Of this amount, million, if recognized, would be included in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and have an impact on our 
 105 

million of tax benefits before December 31, 2024 due to expiration of statute of limitations on tax positions. 
 We recognize interest and penalties for unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The amounts recognized for interest and penalties during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were not material. 
 We file income tax returns in the U.S. Federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. We are generally not subject to examination for periods prior to December 31, 2019; however, as we utilize our NOLs, prior periods can be subject to examination. There are no ongoing material U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. examinations by tax authorities. 
 Tax positions related to current year additions Additions for tax positions of prior years Tax positions related to prior year reductions ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 (20) Litigation 
 million and million for all of our legal matters that were contingencies as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Substantially all of our legal contingencies are subject to significant uncertainties and, therefore, determining the likelihood of a loss and/or the measurement of any loss involves a series of complex judgments about future events. Consequently, the ultimate outcomes of our legal contingencies could result in losses in excess of amounts we have accrued. We may be unable to estimate a range of possible losses for some matters pending against us or our subsidiaries, even when the amount of damages claimed against us or our subsidiaries is stated because, among other things: (1) the claimed amount may be exaggerated or unsupported; (2) the claim may be based on a novel legal theory or involve a large number of parties; (3) there may be uncertainty as to the likelihood of a class being certified or the ultimate size of the class; (4) there may be uncertainty as to the outcome of pending appeals or motions; (5) the matter may not have progressed sufficiently through discovery or there may be significant factual or legal issues to be resolved or developed; and/or (6) there may be uncertainty as to the enforceability of legal judgments and outcomes in certain jurisdictions. Other matters have progressed sufficiently that we are able to estimate a range of possible loss. For those legal contingencies disclosed below, and those related to the previously disclosed settlement agreement entered into in February 2015 with SNAI S.p.a. SNAI ), as to which a loss is reasonably possible, whether in excess of a related accrued liability or where there is no accrued liability, and for which we are able to estimate a range of possible loss, the current estimated range is up to approximately million in excess of the accrued liabilities (if any) related to those legal contingencies. This aggregate range represents management s estimate of additional possible loss in excess of the accrued liabilities (if any) with respect to these matters based on currently available information, including any damages claimed by the plaintiffs, and is subject to significant judgment and a variety of assumptions and inherent uncertainties. For example, at the time of making an estimate, management may have only preliminary, incomplete, or inaccurate information about the facts underlying a claim; its assumptions about the future rulings of the court or other tribunal on significant issues, or the behavior and incentives of adverse parties, regulators, indemnitors or co defendants, may prove to be wrong; and the outcomes it is attempting to predict are often not amenable to the use of statistical or other quantitative analytical tools. In addition, from time to time an outcome may occur that management had not accounted for in its estimate because it had considered that outcome to be remote. Furthermore, as noted above, the aggregate range does not include any matters for which we are not able to estimate a range of possible loss. Accordingly, the estimated aggregate range of possible loss does not represent our maximum loss exposure. Any such losses could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. The legal proceedings underlying the estimated range will change from time to time, and actual results may vary significantly from the current estimate. 
 106 

million if certain levels of lottery sales were not achieved. In addition, LNWI delivered to Ecosalud a million surety bond as a further guarantee of performance under the contract. Wintech started the instant lottery in Colombia but, due to difficulties beyond its control, including, among other factors, social and political unrest in Colombia, frequently interrupted telephone service and power outages, and competition from another lottery being operated in a province of Colombia that we believe was in violation of Wintech s exclusive license from Ecosalud, the projected sales level was not met for the year ended June 30, 1993. 
 In 1993, Ecosalud issued a resolution declaring that the contract was in default. In 1994, Ecosalud issued a liquidation resolution asserting claims for compensation and damages against Wintech, LNWI and other shareholders of Wintech for, among other things, realization of the full amount of the penalty, plus interest, and the amount of the bond. LNWI filed separate actions opposing each resolution with the Tribunal Contencioso of Cundinamarca in Colombia (the Tribunal ), which upheld both resolutions. LNWI appealed each decision to the Council of State. In May 2012, the Council of State upheld the contract default resolution, which decision was notified to us in August 2012. In October 2013, the Council of State upheld the liquidation resolution, which decision was notified to us in December 2013. 
 In July 1996, Ecosalud filed a lawsuit against LNWI in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia asserting many of the same claims asserted in the Colombia proceedings, including breach of contract, and seeking damages. In March 1997, the District Court dismissed Ecosalud s claims. Ecosalud appealed the decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. The Court of Appeals affirmed the District Court s decision in 1998. 
 In June 1999, Ecosalud filed a collection proceeding against LNWI to enforce the liquidation resolution and recover the claimed damages. In May 2013, the Tribunal denied LNWI s merit defenses to the collection proceeding and issued an order of payment of approximately billion Colombian pesos, or approximately million, plus default interest (potentially accrued since 1994 at a 12 statutory interest rate). LNWI filed an appeal to the Council of State, and on December 10, 2020, the Council of State issued a ruling affirming the Tribunal s decision. On December 16, 2020, LNWI filed a motion for clarification of the Council of State s ruling, which was denied on April 15, 2021. On April 22, 2021, LNWI filed a motion for reconsideration relating to that decision, which the Council of State denied on February 21, 2022. On May 24, 2022, the case was transferred from the Council of State to the Tribunal for further proceedings. On August 18, 2022, LNWI filed a constitutional challenge to the Council of State s December 10, 2020 decision with that court, which was denied on October 7, 2022. On December 7, 2022, LNWI filed an appeal with the Council of State from the denial of the constitutional challenge, which was denied on May 24, 2023. On June 28, 2023, the Columbian Constitutional Court received the record of the constitutional appeal for further consideration, and on September 26, 2023, that court selected LNWI s constitutional appeal for further consideration. 
 LNWI believes it has various defenses, including on the merits, against Ecosalud s claims. Although we believe these claims will not result in a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position, it is not feasible to predict the final outcome, and we cannot assure that these claims will not ultimately be resolved adversely to us or result in material liability. 
 SNAI Litigation 
 On April 16, 2012, certain VLTs operated by SNAI in Italy and supplied by Barcrest Group Limited Barcrest erroneously printed what appeared to be winning jackpot and other tickets with a face amount in excess of million. SNAI has stated, and system data confirms, that no jackpots were actually won on that day. The terminals were deactivated by the Italian regulatory authority. Following the incident, we understand that the Italian regulatory authority revoked the certification of the version of the gaming system that Barcrest provided to SNAI and fined SNAI million, but determined to not revoke SNAI s concession to operate VLTs in Italy. 
 In October 2012, SNAI filed a lawsuit in the Court of First Instance of Rome in Italy against Barcrest and The Global Draw Limited Global Draw ), our subsidiary which acquired Barcrest from IGT UK Group Limited, a subsidiary of IGT, claiming liability arising out of the April 2012 incident and asserting claims based on theories of breach of contract and tort. The lawsuit sought to terminate SNAI s agreement with Barcrest and damages arising from the deactivation of the terminals, including among other things, lost profits, expenses and costs, potential awards to players who have sought to enforce what appeared to be winning jackpot and other tickets, compensation for lost profits sought by managers of the gaming locations where SNAI VLTs supplied by Barcrest were installed, damages to commercial reputation and any future damages arising from SNAI s potential loss of its concession or inability to obtain a new concession. 
 107 

million upfront payment to SNAI, which payment was made in February 2015, and to indemnify SNAI against certain potential future losses. In connection with the settlement, the parties pending claims in the Court of First Instance of Rome were dismissed on February 19, 2015. To date, we have paid million to SNAI pursuant to our indemnification obligations. 
 TCS John Huxley Matter 
 On March 15, 2019, TCS John Huxley America, Inc., TCS John Huxley Europe Ltd., TCS John Huxley Asia Ltd., and Taiwan Fulgent Enterprise Co., Ltd. brought a civil action in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against L W, Bally Technologies, Inc. and LNW Gaming, Inc., f/k/a Bally Gaming, Inc. In the complaint, the plaintiffs assert federal antitrust claims arising from the defendants procurement of particular U.S. and South African patents. The plaintiffs allege that the defendants used those patents to create an allegedly illegal monopoly in the market for automatic card shufflers sold to regulated casinos in the United States. On April 10, 2019, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the plaintiffs complaint with prejudice. On April 25, 2019, the district court denied the defendants motion to dismiss without prejudice pursuant to the court s local rules, after the plaintiffs advised that they intended to file an amended complaint. The plaintiffs filed their amended complaint on May 3, 2019, and on May 22, 2019, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the plaintiffs amended complaint with prejudice. On March 20, 2020, the district court denied the defendants motion to dismiss the plaintiffs amended complaint, and defendants filed an answer to the plaintiffs amended complaint on June 19, 2020. On June 3, 2020, the trial court granted the defendants request to bifurcate proceedings in the case, with discovery to occur first into the statute of limitations and release defenses asserted by the defendants in their motion to dismiss, before proceeding into broader discovery. The trial court set a September 18, 2020, deadline for the parties to complete discovery relating to the statute of limitations and release defenses. On October 28, 2020, the court issued an order extending until January 15, 2021 the deadline for the parties to complete discovery relating to the statute of limitations defense. On February 9, 2021, the defendants filed a motion for summary judgment on their statute of limitations defense, addressing whether plaintiffs had actual knowledge of their claims prior to the start of the limitations period. The district court denied that motion for summary judgment on September 20, 2021. On January 13, 2023, the district court entered an order requiring, among other things, that the plaintiffs make a formal written settlement demand by January 20, 2023, that the defendants respond to that demand in writing by January 27, 2023, and that the parties file a status report by January 31, 2023 confirming that they have complied with the district court s order. On January 31, 2023, the parties filed a joint status report confirming that they have complied with the district court s order to make and respond to a formal written demand. Discovery closed on June 1, 2023. On June 30, 2023, the defendants filed a motion for summary judgment, which is pending. Due to the complexity of the plaintiffs claims, and the unpredictability of the outcome of the proceedings in the district court, or any appeal therefrom, we are unable at this time to estimate a range of reasonably possible losses, or any amount within such a range, above the amount we have recorded for this matter, which is the minimum amount of reasonably possible loss. 
 Tonkawa Tribe Matter 
 On September 3, 2020, the Tonkawa Tribe of Indians of Oklahoma d/b/a Tonkawa Enterprises filed a putative class action complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada against L W, Bally Technologies, Inc. and LNW Gaming, Inc., f/k/a Bally Gaming, Inc. On October 5, 2020, the plaintiff filed a first amended complaint to add Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians and the Umpqua Indian Development Corp., d/b/a Seven Feathers Casino as a plaintiff. On October 26, 2020, the plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint. In the complaint, the plaintiffs assert federal antitrust claims arising from the defendants procurement of particular U.S. patents. The plaintiffs allege that the defendants used those patents to create an allegedly illegal monopoly in the market for card shufflers sold or leased to regulated casinos in the United States. The plaintiffs seek to represent a putative class of all regulated United States casinos directly leasing or purchasing card shufflers from the defendants on or after April 1, 2009. The complaint seeks unspecified money damages, the award of plaintiff s costs of suit, including reasonable attorneys fees and expert fees, and the award of pre-judgment and post-judgment interest. On November 19, 2020, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss plaintiffs second amended complaint or, in the alternative, to compel arbitration of plaintiffs claims. On November 20, 2020, Plaintiffs filed a motion for partial summary judgment, seeking a finding that defendants are collaterally estopped from re-litigating issues litigated in the 2018 litigation versus Shuffle Tech International Corp., Aces Up Gaming, and Poydras-Talrick Holdings. On August 27, 2021, the Nevada district court entered an order transferring the lawsuit to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. On May 19, 2022, the Illinois district court granted defendants motion to compel arbitration of plaintiffs individual claims; stayed all proceedings in the lawsuit pending resolution of the arbitral process; and accordingly dismissed all pending motions without prejudice as moot. We are currently unable to determine the likelihood of an outcome or estimate a range of reasonably possible losses, if any. We believe that the claims in the lawsuit are without merit, and intend to vigorously defend against them. 
 Giuliano and Rancho s Club Casino Matter 
 On September 4, 2020, Alfred T. Giuliano, as liquidation trustee for RIH Acquisition NJ, LLC d/b/a The Atlantic Club Casino Hotel filed a putative class action complaint in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois 
 108 

109 

110 

111 

) Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 ) ) 
 Tax-related valuation allowance Balance at beginning of period Additions / (deductions) Balance at end of period Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 ) Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 ) 
 112 

3. Exhibits 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 30, 2013, entered into by and among Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.), Scientific Games International, Inc. (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.), SG California Merger Sub, Inc. and WMS Industries Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Scientific Games Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 5, 2013). 
 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 1, 2014, by and among the Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.), Scientific Games International, Inc. (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.), Scientific Games Nevada, Inc. and Bally Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Scientific Games Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2014). 
 2.3 Arrangement Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2017, among Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.), Bally Gaming And Systems UK Limited and NYX Gaming Group Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2017). 
 2.4 First Amendment to Arrangement Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2017, among Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.), Bally Gaming And Systems UK Limited and NYX Gaming Group Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 27, 2017). 
 2.5 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 18, 2017, by and between Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) and SG Nevada Merger Company, a Nevada corporation and a wholly - owned subsidiary of Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2017). 
 2.6 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 8, 2023, by and among Light Wonder, Inc., Bern Merger Sub, Inc. and SciPlay Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Light Wonder, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2023) . 
 3.1(a) Restated Articles of Incorporation of Light Wonder, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on August 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(a) to Light Wonder, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022). 
 3.1(b) Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Light Wonder, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on August 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(b) to Light Wonder, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022). 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Light Wonder, Inc., effective as of April 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Light Wonder, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2022). 
 3.3 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Light Wonder, Inc., effective as of August 3, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Light Wonder, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023). 
 3.4 Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on August 8, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Light Wonder, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023). 
 4.1 Amended and Restated Rights Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2018, between Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC which includes the Form of Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) as Exhibit A, the Form of Right Certificate as Exhibit B, the Summary of Rights to Purchase Shares of Preferred Stock of Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) as Exhibit C and a the Form of Consent to Jurisdiction as Exhibit D (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2018). 
 
 113 

Exhibit Number Description 4.2 Amendment to Amended and Restated Rights Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2020, to the Amended and Restated Rights Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2018, by and between Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 19, 2020). 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2019, among Scientific Games International, Inc. (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.), as issuer, Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.), the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the 7.000 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 26, 2019). 
 4.4 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 23, 2020, by and among Scientific Games International, Inc. (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.) as issuer, Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.), NYX Digital Gaming (USA), LLC and the other guarantors party thereto, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2019, as amended and supplemented, relating to the 7.000 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.47 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Annual Report on Form 10-K f or the year ended December 31, 2019 ). 
 4.5 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 5, 2021, by and among Scientific Games International, Inc., (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.) as issuer, SGI Lottery LLC and the guarantors party thereto, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2019, as amended and supplemented, relating to the 7.000 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.43 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 4.6 Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2019, among Scientific Games International, Inc. (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.), as issuer, Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.), the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the 7.250 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 26, 2019). 
 4.7 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 23, 2020, by and among Scientific Games International, Inc. (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.) as issuer, Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.), NYX Digital Gaming (USA), LLC and the other guarantors party thereto, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2019, as amended and supplemented, relating to the 7.250 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.49 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Annual Report on Form 10-K f or the year ended Dec ember 31, 2019 ). 
 4.8 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 5, 2021, by and among Scientific Games International, Inc. (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.), as issuer, SGI Lottery LLC and the other guarantors party thereto, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2019, as amended and supplemented, relating to the 7.250 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.46 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 4.9 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and among Scientific Games International, Inc. (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.), Scientific Games, Inc. and the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2019, as amended and supplemented, relating to the 7.000 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021). 
 4.10 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and among Scientific Games International, Inc. (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.), Scientific Games, Inc. and the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2019, as amended and supplemented, relating to the 7.250 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021). 
 
 114 

Exhibit Number Description 4.11 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2021, among Scientific Games International, Inc. (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.), as issuer, Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.), the other guarantors party thereto, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2019, as amended and supplemented, relating to the 7.000 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2021). 
 4.12 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2021, among Scientific Games International, Inc. (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.), as issuer, Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.), the other guarantors party thereto, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2019, as amended and supplemented, relating to the 7.250 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2021). 
 4.13 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 19, 2021, among Scientific Games International, Inc. (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.), as issuer, Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.), the other guarantors party thereto, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2019, as amended and supplemented, relating to the 7.000 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2028. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.68 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021). 
 4.14 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 19, 2021, among Scientific Games International, Inc. (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.), as issuer, Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.), the other guarantors party thereto, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2019, as amended and supplemented, relating to the 7.250 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.69 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021). 
 4.15 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 27, 2022, by and among Scientific Games International, Inc. (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.), as issuer, L W Merger Sub, Inc. and the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2019, as amended and supplemented, relating to the 7.250 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Light Wonder, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022). 
 4.16 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 27, 2022, by and among Scientific Games International, Inc. (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.), as issuer, L W Merger Sub, Inc. and the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2019, as amended and supplemented, relating to the 7.000 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Light Wonder, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022). 
 4.17 Indenture, dated as of August 23, 2023, among Light and Wonder International, Inc., as issuer, Light Wonder, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the 7.500 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2031 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Light Wonder, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2023). 
 4.18 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 22, 2023, by and among Light Wonder International, Inc., as issuer, SciPlay Corporation, SciPlay Games, LLC and the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2019, as amended and supplemented, relating to the 7.000 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Light Wonder, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2023). 
 4.19 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 22, 2023, by and among Light Wonder International, Inc., as issuer, SciPlay Corporation, SciPlay Games, LLC and the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2019, as amended and supplemented, relating to the 7.250 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Light Wonder, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2023). 
 4.20 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 22, 2023, by and among Light Wonder International, Inc., as issuer, SciPlay Corporation, SciPlay Games, LLC and the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the Indenture, dated as of August 23, 2023, as amended and supplemented, relating to the 7.500 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2031 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Light Wonder, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2023). 
 
 115 

Exhibit Number Description 4.21 Description of Securities . ) 
 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2022, by and among Scientific Games International, Inc. (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.), as the borrower, Light Wonder, Inc., as a guarantor, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent, issuing lender and swingline lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Light Wonder, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 15, 2022). 
 10.2 Amendment No. 1, dated as of January 16, 2024, among Light and Wonder International, Inc., as the borrower, Light Wonder, Inc., as holdings, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent, issuing lender and swingline lender, which amended the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Light Wonder, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 16, 2024). 
 10.3 Escrow Credit Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2014, among SGMS Escrow Corp., the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2014). 
 10.4 Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2013, by and among Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.), Scientific Games International, Inc. (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.), the guarantor parties named therein and Bank of America, N.A. as collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Scientific Games Corporation's (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2013). 
 10.5 Collateral Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2014, among Scientific Games International, Inc. (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.), as issuer, Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.), the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as collateral agent, related to the 7.000 Senior Secured Notes due 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 26, 2014). 
 10.6 Amendment No. 1, dated as of February 14, 2017, among Scientific Games International, Inc. (as predecessor to Light Wonder International, Inc.), Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) and the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as collateral agent, relating to the Collateral Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Scientific Games Corporation's (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017). 
 10.7 Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2011, by and among Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.), Global Draw Limited, IGT-UK Group Limited, Cyberview International, Inc. and International Game Technology (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Scientific Games Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011). 
 10.8 Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Amended and Restated 2003 Incentive Compensation Plan (Amended and Restated as of June 9, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 11, 2021). 
 10.9 1995 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 1997). 
 10.10 Asia-Pacific Business Incentive Compensation Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 3, 2010). 
 10.11 Omnibus Amendment of Compensation and Benefit Plans, effective January 10, 2018, to amend the Plans, as defined therein, to reflect the merger of Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.), a Delaware corporation Parent into SG Nevada Merger Company, a Nevada corporation and a wholly - owned subsidiary of Parent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018). 
 
 116 

Exhibit Number Description 10.12 Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Change in Control Protection Plan, adopted as of August 25, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2020). 
 10.13 Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Amended and Restated 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Amended and Restated as of June 9, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 11, 2021). 
 10.14 Employment Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2021 (effective as of September 1, 2021), by and between Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) and James Sottile (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021). 
 10.15 Employment Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2019 (effective as of March 1, 2020), by and between Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) and Matthew Wilson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020). 
 10.16 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2020 (effective as of April 5, 2020), by and between Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) and Matthew Wilson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020). 
 10.17 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2020 (effective as of July 1, 2020), by and between Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) and Matthew Wilson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020). 
 10.18 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2020, by and between Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) and Matthew Wilson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020). 
 10.19 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2021, by and between Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) and Constance P. James (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021). 
 10.20 Retention Letter, dated as of September 7, 2022, by and between Light Wonder, Inc. and Constance P. James (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Light Wonder, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022). 
 10.21 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2022 (effective as of October 10, 2022), by and between Light Wonder, Inc. and Matthew Wilson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to Light Wonder, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022). 
 10.22 Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2020, by and between Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) and Jamie Odell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020). 
 10.23 Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2023, by and between Light Wonder, Inc. and Jamie Odell. ) 
 10.24 Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2020, by and between Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) and Antonia Korsanos (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Scientific Games Corporation s (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020). 
 10.25 Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2023, by and between Light Wonder, Inc. and Antonia Korsanos. ) 
 
 117 

Exhibit Number Description 10.26 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2022, by and between Light Wonder, Inc. and Siobhan Lane (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to Light Wonder, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022). 
 10.27 Employment Agreement, effective as of August 25, 2023, by and between Light Wonder, Inc. and Vanja Kalabic (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Light Wonder, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2023). 
 10.28 Employment Agreement, effective as of December 13, 2023, by and between Light Wonder, Inc. and Oliver Chow. ) 
 21 List of Subsidiaries.( 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.( 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.( 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.( 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 97.1 Light Wonder, Inc. Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy. ) 
 99.1 Terms and Conditions of Equity Awards to Key Employees under the Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) 2003 Incentive Compensation Plan (Amended and Restated June 12, 2019), for awards granted in 2021 or later. ) 
 99.2 Terms and Conditions of Equity Awards to Non-Employee Directors under the Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) 2003 Incentive Compensation Plan (Amended and Restated June 12, 2019). ) 
 99.3 Terms and Conditions of Equity Awards to Consultants under the Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) 2003 Incentive Compensation Plan (Amended and Restated June 12, 2019). ) 
 99.4 Terms and Conditions of Equity Awards to Key Employees under the Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light Wonder, Inc.) 2003 Incentive Compensation Plan, for awards granted prior to 2021. ) 
 99.5 Gaming Regulations.( 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Label Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 118 

Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Light Wonder agrees to furnish supplementally to the SEC a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit upon request, subject to Light Wonder s right to request confidential treatment of any requested schedule or exhibit. 
 Management contracts and compensation plans and arrangements in which directors and/or executive officers are eligible to participate. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 ) Filed herewith. 
 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 
 119 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 February 27, 2024 
 LIGHT WONDER, INC. By: /s/ Oliver Chow Oliver Chow, 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 27, 2024. 
 120 

Signature Title /s/ Matthew R. Wilson President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer) Matthew R. Wilson /s/ Oliver Chow Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial officer) 
 Oliver Chow /s/ Vanja Kalabic Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (principal accounting officer) Vanja Kalabic /s/ Jamie R. Odell Executive Chair of the Board of Directors and Director Jamie R. Odell /s/ Antonia Korsanos Executive Vice Chair of the Board of Directors and Director Antonia Korsanos /s/ Michael Marchetti Director Michael Marchetti /s/ Hamish McLennan Director Hamish McLennan /s/ Stephen Morro Director Stephen Morro /s/ Michael J. Regan Director Michael J. Regan /s/ Virginia E. Shanks 
 Director Virginia E. Shanks 
 /s/ Timothy Throsby Director Timothy Throsby /s/ Maria T. Vullo Director Maria T. Vullo /s/ Kneeland C. Youngblood Director Kneeland C. Youngblood 
 121 

<EX-4.21>
 2
 ex421-descriptionoftheregi.htm
 EX-4.21

Document 
 Exhibit 4.21 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Our shares of Common Stock (as defined below) are the only securities of Light & Wonder, Inc. registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), as amended. 
 
 The following summarizes the material terms of the Common Stock (as defined below) of Light & Wonder, Inc. (the Company as set forth in the Company s Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Charter ), and the Company s Third Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ). While we believe that the following description covers the material terms of such securities, the following summary may not contain all of the information that may be important to you and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to applicable Nevada law, including Chapters 78 and 92A of the Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS ), and to the Charter and the Bylaws, each of which is filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.21 is a part. As used herein, unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, the terms Company , we , our and us refer to Light & Wonder, Inc. and not to any of its subsidiaries. 
 
 General 
 
 We are incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada. The rights of our stockholders are governed by the NRS, the Charter and the Bylaws. 
 
 Authorized Stock 
 
 Under the Charter, our authorized capital stock totals 202,000,000 shares, consisting of (i) 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ), and (ii) 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Preferred Stock ). 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 All shares of Common Stock that are issued and outstanding have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable. Under the NRS, stockholders generally are not personally liable for a corporation s acts or debts. 
 
 The holders of Common Stock have no preemptive, subscription or redemption rights and are not entitled to the benefits of any sinking fund. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 The holders of Common Stock are entitled to notice of and to attend all meetings of the stockholders of the Company and are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted on by the Company s stockholders. 

Dividends 
 
 Subject to certain rights of holders of any Preferred Stock of the Company having preference as to dividends and except as otherwise provided by the Charter or the NRS, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends if, as and when declared by the board of directors of the Company (the Board ), out of any funds legally available for such purpose. When and as dividends are declared thereon, whether payable in cash, property or securities of the Company, the holders of Common Stock will be entitled to share, ratably according to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them, in such dividends. 
 
 The NRS provides that no distribution (including dividends on, or purchases, redemptions, repurchases or other acquisitions of, shares of capital stock or distributions of indebtedness, to or for the benefit of stockholders) may be made if, after giving effect to such distribution, (i) the Company would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business or (ii) except as otherwise specifically permitted by the Charter, the Company s total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed immediately after the time of a dissolution to satisfy the preferential rights of preferred stockholders (the condition in this clause (ii), the Balance Sheet Test ). Directors may consider financial statements prepared on the basis of accounting practices that are reasonable in the circumstances, a fair valuation, including but not limited to unrealized appreciation and depreciation, and any other method that is reasonable in the circumstances. Pursuant to NRS 78.288(2)(b) and the Charter, the Company is specifically allowed to make any distribution that otherwise would be prohibited by the Balance Sheet Test. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, or any distribution of any of its assets to any of its stockholders other than by dividends from funds legally available therefor, and other than payments made upon redemptions or purchases of shares of the Company, after payment in full of the amount which the holders of Preferred Stock are entitled to receive in such event and, in the case of liquidation, dissolution or winding up, after paying or adequately providing for the payment of the Company s liabilities and obligations, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to share, ratably according to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them, in the remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Under the Charter, the Board is authorized, without further stockholder action, to issue up to 2,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series by filing a certificate of designation in the manner prescribed by the NRS. 
 
 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 Stockholders rights and related matters are governed by the NRS, the Charter and the Bylaws. Certain provisions of the Charter and the Bylaws, descriptions of which are summarized 

herein, may have the effect, either alone or in combination with each other, of discouraging or making more difficult a tender offer or takeover attempt that is opposed by the Board but that a stockholder might consider to be in its best interest or otherwise effect the rights of our stockholders more generally. Such provisions may also adversely affect prevailing market prices for our capital stock. We believe that such provisions are necessary to enable us to develop our business in a manner that will foster our long-term growth without disruption caused by the threat of a takeover not deemed by the Board to be in our best interests and those of our stockholders. 
 
 Compliance with Gaming Laws 
 
 The Charter provides that all securities of the Company are held subject to all applicable gaming laws and the suitability standards, qualifications and requirements of the gaming authorities that regulate the operation and conduct of the business of the Company or any of its affiliates. Accordingly, any person who (i) refuses or fails to comply with the requests of a gaming authority within a reasonable period of time, (ii) withdraws or requests the withdrawal of a pending application for a gaming license from any gaming authority in anticipation of such person being denied such gaming license or receiving such gaming license subject to materially burdensome or unacceptable terms or conditions, (iii) is determined or shall have been determined by any gaming authority not to be suitable or qualified to own or control securities of the Company or an affiliate of the company or (iv) whose ownership or control of securities of the Company may result, in the judgment of the Board, in the failure of the Company or any of its affiliates to obtain, maintain retain, renew or qualify for a gaming license, or cause or otherwise result in the imposition of any materially burdensome or unacceptable terms or conditions on any gaming license, shall sell or otherwise dispose of their securities or other interests in the Company, or the Company may redeem such securities, pursuant to a notice given by the Company (a Notice ). 
 
 Restrictions on Transfer 
 
 Under the Bylaws, immediately upon the transmittal by the Company of a Notice, the securities specified in such Notice shall become invalid securities (the Invalid Securities ). Any direct or indirect acquisition, sale, transfer, exchange, assignment, liquidation, conveyance, pledge, abandonment, distribution, contribution or other disposition of Invalid Securities (a Prohibited Transfer ), shall be void ab initio , unless prior approval of the Board is obtained. No employee or agent of the Company shall record any Prohibited Transfer and the purported transferee of a Prohibited Transfer shall not be recognized as a security holder of the Company for any purpose whatsoever in respect of the Invalid Securities. Once Invalid Securities have been acquired by the Company they shall cease to be Invalid Securities. 
 
 Restrictions on Business Combinations 
 
 The Company has not opted out of the Nevada combinations with interested stockholders statutes, which apply to Nevada corporations with 200 or more stockholders of record. Under NRS 78.411 to 78.444, inclusive, certain business combinations with an interested stockholder (one who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power, or is an 

affiliate or associate of the Company who, within the previous two years immediately before the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power) of the Company are subject to a two-year moratorium unless (i) the combination or the transaction by which such person first became an interested stockholder is approved by the Board before the person became an interested stockholder, or (ii) the combination is approved by the Board and, at or after that time, the combination is approved at a meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 60 of the outstanding voting power not beneficially owned by the interested stockholder or its affiliates or associates. After the two-year period has elapsed, the Company may not consummate a business combination with an interested stockholder unless (i) the combination or transaction by which the person first became an interested stockholder is approved by the Board before the person first became an interested stockholder (ii) the combination is approved by a majority of the outstanding voting power not beneficially owned by the interested stockholder or its affiliates or associates or (iii) the interested stockholders satisfy certain fair value requirements. These statutes do not apply to any combination of the Company and an interested stockholder after the expiration of four years after the person first became an interested stockholder. 
 
 Acquisition of Controlling Interests 
 
 The Company has not opted out of the Nevada acquisition of controlling interest statutes (NRS 78.378 to 78.3793, inclusive), which protect the Company and its stockholders from persons acquiring a controlling interest in the Company. Pursuant to NRS 78.379, any person who acquires a controlling interest in the Company may not exercise voting rights with respect to any control shares unless such voting rights are conferred by a majority of the voting power of the Company and, if the acquisition would adversely affect any other outstanding class or series, the holders of a majority of such class or series, excluding the shares of the interested stockholders, by resolution approved at a special or annual meeting of the stockholders held upon the request and at the expense of the acquiring person. The NRS provides that a controlling interest means the ownership of outstanding voting shares of the Company sufficient to enable the acquiring person, directly or indirectly and individually or in association with others, to exercise (i) one fifth or more but less than one third, (ii) one third or more but less than a majority, or (iii) a majority or more, of the voting power of the Company in the election of directors, and voting rights must be conferred by a majority of the disinterested stockholders as each threshold is reached and or exceeded. In the event that a controlling interest is accorded full voting rights and the acquiring person acquires a controlling interest with a majority or more of all the voting power, any stockholder, other than the acquiring person, who does not vote in favor of authorizing voting rights for the control shares is entitled to dissent and demand payment of the fair value of such person s shares. 
 
 The NRS provides that the acquisition of controlling interest statutes do not apply to any acquisition of a controlling interest in the Company if the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the Company in effect on the 10th day following the acquisition of a controlling interest by the acquiring person provide that the provisions of those sections do not apply to the Company or to an acquisition of a controlling interest specifically by types of existing or future stockholders, whether or not identified. In addition, NRS 78.3788 provides that the acquisition of controlling interest statutes apply only to a corporation that has 200 or more stockholders of record, at least 

100 of whom have had addresses in Nevada appearing on the Company s stock ledger at all times during the preceding 90 days, and which does business directly or indirectly in Nevada. NRS 78.378(2) provides that the Company may impose stricter requirements on the acquisition of a controlling interest if it so desires. 
 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 
 
 The Bylaws establish advance notice procedures for stockholder proposals and the nomination, other than by or at the direction of the Board, of candidates for election as directors. These procedures provide that the notice of stockholder proposals and stockholder nominations for the election of directors at an annual meeting must be in writing and received by our secretary at least 90 days but not more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of our preceding year s annual meeting. However, if the date of our annual meeting is more than 30 days earlier than, or more than 60 days later than, such anniversary date, notice by a stockholder will be considered timely if it is delivered not earlier than the 120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business of the 90th day prior to the date of such annual meeting or, if the first public announcement of the date of such annual meeting is less than 100 days prior to the date of such annual meeting, the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is made by the Company. The notice of nominations for the election of directors must set forth certain information required by our Bylaws, including in connection with Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act, concerning the stockholder giving the notice and each nominee. 
 
 By requiring advance notice of nominations by stockholders, these procedures afford the Board an opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by the Board, to inform stockholders about these qualifications. By requiring advance notice of other proposed business, these procedures provide the Board with an opportunity to inform stockholders of any business proposed to be conducted at a meeting, together with any recommendations as to the Board s position on action to be taken on such business. This should allow stockholders to better decide whether to attend a meeting or to grant a proxy for the disposition of any such business. 
 
 Amendments 
 
 The Bylaws provide that a majority of the total number of directors or of the stockholders at any meeting upon proper notice has the power to amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws. NRS 78.390 requires the approval of the Board and a majority of the stockholders entitled to vote (or such greater proportion of the voting power as may be required in certain cases) for an amendment to the Charter. 
 
 Removal of Directors 
 
 Any director or one or more of the incumbent directors may be removed as a director at any special meeting of the stockholders either with or without cause by the vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the voting power of the issued and outstanding stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, excluding stock entitled to vote only upon the happening of 

a fact or event unless such fact or event has occurred. If the entire Board or any one or more directors are so removed, new directors may be elected at the same meeting. 
 
 Forum Selection Clause 
 
 Under the Bylaws, unless otherwise agreed by the Company in writing, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada is the sole and exclusive forum for any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, administrative or investigative, (a) against the Company or any of its directors or officers that (i) asserts a cause of action under the laws of the United States, (ii) could be properly commenced in either a federal forum or a forum of the State of Nevada or any other state, and (iii) is brought by or in the name and on behalf of (A) the Company, (B) any stockholder of the Company, or (C) any subscriber for, or purchaser or offeree of, any shares or other securities of the Company and (b) (i) brought in the name or right of the Company or on its behalf (ii) asserting a claim or counterclaim for or based on any breach of any fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of the Company in such capacity to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (iii) arising or asserting a claim or counterclaim arising pursuant to any provision of NRS Chapters 78 or 92A or any provision of the Charter or the Bylaws or (iv) asserting a claim or counterclaim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. In the event that the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada does not have jurisdiction over any such action, suit or proceeding, then any other state district court located in the State of Nevada shall be the sole and exclusive forum therefor and in the event that no state district court in the State of Nevada has jurisdiction over any such action, suit or proceeding, then a federal court located within the State of Nevada shall be the sole and exclusive forum therefor. 
 
 Limitation on Personal Liability 
 
 The Charter provides that the liability of directors and officers of the Company be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the NRS. Pursuant to NRS 78.138, a director or officer of the Company shall not be individually liable to the Company, its stockholders or creditors for any damages as a result of any act or failure to act in his or her capacity as a director or officer unless (i) the presumption that directors and officers act in good faith, on an informed basis and with a view to the interests of the Company has been rebutted and (ii) it is proven that (a) the director s or officer s act or failure to act constituted a breach of his or her fiduciary duties as a director or officer and (b) the breach of those duties involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law. Directors may also be liable for unlawful distributions, including the payment of dividends or for stock purchases, redemptions or repurchases, or for distributions of indebtedness, under certain circumstances. 

</EX-4.21>

<EX-10.23>
 3
 ex1023.htm
 EX-10.23

Document 
 Exhibit 10.23 

 Amendment to Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement 
 This Amendment to Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement (this Amendment is made on December 5, 2023 but effective as of October 1, 2023 (the Amendment Effective Date by and between Light & Wonder, Inc. (formerly known as Scientific Games Corporation), a Nevada corporation, (the Company and Jamie Odell Pty Ltd. Consultant ). 
 WHEREAS, Consultant was a party to that Consulting Agreement dated May 16, 2019 with the Company (the Prior Agreement under which Consultant provided consulting services to the Company 
 WHEREAS, the parties entered into an Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement (the Agreement as of October 1, 2020 
 WHEREAS, the Company and Consultant, in the case of the Company, following review and analysis by the independent compensation consultant to the Compensation Committee of the Board, agree that this Amendment appropriately reflects, and compensates Consultant for, continued consulting services 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual benefits to be derived herefrom and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows 
 1. Fees . In lieu of an increase to the fees set forth in Section 3.1 of the Agreement, the fees will remain the same and Principal will receive an equity grant in the amount of 6,413 RSUs vesting equally over three years on October 1, 2024, October 1, 2025, and October 1, 2026 (the Consulting Fee RSU Grant which will be governed by the terms of the award agreement for such grant. 
 2. Contract Renewal RSU Award . Additionally, in consideration for the renewal of the Agreement, Principal will receive an equity grant in the amount of 10,000 RSUs vesting equally over three years on October 1, 2024, October 1, 2025, and October 1, 2026 (the Contract Renewal RSU Grant which will be governed by the terms of the award agreement for such grant. 
 3. Term of the Agreement . The Parties agree that the Term of the Agreement, as set forth in Section 5.1, is extended until September 30, 2026, and that the Term shall continue to be subject to automatic renewals per the provisions of Section 5.1. 
 4. Pro Rata Vesting in the Event of Early Termination of the Agreement . A new section 5.6 is added to the Agreement. 
 5.6 Effect of Early Termination on the Consulting Fee RSU Grant and the Contract Renewal RSU Grant. The terms of the award agreements will govern the treatment of the Consulting Fee RSU Grant and the Contract Renewal RSU Grant (together, the Amendment Equity Grants in the event of the termination of this Agreement. However, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in such award agreement for the Amendment Equity Grants, including but not limited to Section 8(a) of the award agreement, in the event that (a) the Company provides Consultant notice of the early termination of the Agreement in accordance with Section 5.1 of the Agreement, or (b) Consultant properly gives notice of the early termination of the Agreement under Section 5.1 of the Agreement, Principal will be entitled to a Pro Rata Portion of the unvested portion of the Amendment Equity Grants so long as he provides transition assistance and otherwise cooperates with reasonable requests of the Company during the notice period. For purposes of this Agreement, Pro Rata 
 1 

Portion means a number of RSUs equal to the number of RSUs subject to the respective awards multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to the number of days elapsed from the Amendment Effective Date through the date that the Agreement is terminated (the Agreement Termination Date ), inclusive, and the denominator of which is 1,096 provided that, the Pro Rata Portion shall be reduced by the number of RSUs of the respective award that have otherwise vested on or prior to the Agreement Termination Date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, this Amendment constitutes the Award notice as that term is used in Section 8(a) of the award agreement. 
 5. References to Scientific Games Corporation . The parties acknowledge that all references to Scientific Games Corporation in the Agreement will be changed to Light & Wonder, Inc. 
 6. Except as set forth in this Amendment, all terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect in accordance with their terms. All references to the Agreement in the Agreement shall refer to the Agreement as amended by this Amendment. Any defined terms used in this Amendment and not defined herein shall have the meaning as set forth in the Agreement. 
 7. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original and all of which shall constitute the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has duly executed this Amendment on December 5, 2023. 
 LIGHT & WONDER, INC. 
 
 By s James Sottile 
 Name James Sottile 
 Title EVP and Chief Legal Officer 

JAMIE ODELL PTY LTD. 
 
 By s Jamie Odell 
 Name Jamie Odell 
 Title Proprietor 
 
 I acknowledge the terms and conditions of this Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement and that I am bound by them in my individual capacity as the principal of the Consultant 
 
 PRINCIPAL 
 s Jamie Odell 
 Jamie Odell 
 
 2 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-10.25>
 4
 ex1025.htm
 EX-10.25

Document 
 Exhibit 10.25 

 Amendment to Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement 
 This Amendment to Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement (this Amendment is made on December 5, 2023 but effective as of October 1, 2023 (the Amendment Effective Date by and between Light & Wonder, Inc. (formerly known as Scientific Games Corporation), a Nevada corporation, (the Company and Toni Korsanos Pty Ltd as trustee for Toni Korsanos Trust Consultant ). 
 WHEREAS, Consultant was a party to that Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement dated August 20, 2019 with the Company (the Prior Agreement under which Consultant provided consulting services to the Company 
 WHEREAS, the parties entered into an Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement (the Agreement as of October 1, 2020 
 WHEREAS, the Company and Consultant, in the case of the Company, following review and analysis by the independent compensation consultant to the Compensation Committee of the Board, agree that this Amendment appropriately reflects, and compensates Consultant for, continued consulting services 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual benefits to be derived herefrom and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows 
 1. Fees . In lieu of an increase to the fees set forth in Section 3.1 of the Agreement, the fees will remain the same and Principal will receive an equity grant in the amount of 4,252 RSUs vesting equally over three years on October 1, 2024, October 1, 2025, and October 1, 2026 (the Consulting Fee RSU Grant which will be governed by the terms of the award agreement for such grant. 
 2. Contract Renewal RSU Award . Additionally, in consideration for the renewal of the Agreement, Principal will receive an equity grant in the amount of 10,000 RSUs vesting equally over three years on October 1, 2024, October 1, 2025, and October 1, 2026 (the Contract Renewal RSU Grant which will be governed by the terms of the award agreement for such grant. 
 3. Term of the Agreement . The Parties agree that the Term of the Agreement, as set forth in Section 5.1, is extended until September 30, 2026, and that the Term shall continue to be subject to automatic renewals per the provisions of Section 5.1. 
 4. Pro Rata Vesting in the Event of Early Termination of the Agreement . A new section 5.6 is added to the Agreement. 
 5.6 Effect of Early Termination on the Consulting Fee RSU Grant and the Contract Renewal RSU Grant. The terms of the award agreements will govern the treatment of the Consulting Fee RSU Grant and the Contract Renewal RSU Grant (together, the Amendment Equity Grants in the event of the termination of this Agreement. However, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in such award agreement for the Amendment Equity Grants, including but not limited to Section 8(a) of the award agreement, in the event that (a) the Company provides Consultant notice of the early termination of the Agreement in accordance with Section 5.1 of the Agreement, or (b) Consultant properly gives notice of the early termination of the Agreement under Section 5.1 of the Agreement, Principal will be entitled to a Pro Rata Portion of the unvested portion of the Amendment Equity Grants so long as she provides transition assistance and otherwise cooperates with reasonable requests of the 
 1 

Company during the notice period. For purposes of this Agreement, Pro Rata Portion means a number of RSUs equal to the number of RSUs subject to the respective awards multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to the number of days elapsed from the Amendment Effective Date through the date that the Agreement is terminated (the Agreement Termination Date ), inclusive, and the denominator of which is 1,096 provided that, the Pro Rata Portion shall be reduced by the number of RSUs of the respective award that have otherwise vested on or prior to the Agreement Termination Date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, this Amendment constitutes the Award notice as that term is used in Section 8(a) of the award agreement. 
 5. References to Scientific Games Corporation . The parties acknowledge that all references to Scientific Games Corporation in the Agreement will be changed to Light & Wonder, Inc. 
 6. Except as set forth in this Amendment, all terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect in accordance with their terms. All references to the Agreement in the Agreement shall refer to the Agreement as amended by this Amendment. Any defined terms used in this Amendment and not defined herein shall have the meaning as set forth in the Agreement. 
 7. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original and all of which shall constitute the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has duly executed this Amendment on December 5, 2023. 
 LIGHT & WONDER, INC. 
 
 By s James Sottile 
 Name James Sottile 
 Title EVP and Chief Legal Officer 

TONI KORSANOS PTY LTD AS TRUSTEE FOR TONI KORSANOS TRUST 
 
 By s Antonia Korsanos 
 Name Antonia Korsanos 
 Title Director 
 
 I acknowledge the terms and conditions of this Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement and that I am bound by them in my individual capacity as the principal of the Consultant 
 
 PRINCIPAL 
 s Antonia Korsanos 
 Antonia Korsanos 
 
 2 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-10.28>
 5
 ex1028.htm
 EX-10.28

Document 
 Exhibit 10.28 

 Employment Agreement 
 This Employment Agreement (this Agreement is effective as of December 13, 2023 Effective Date by and between Light & Wonder, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), and Oliver Chow Executive ). 
 WHEREAS, the Executive has previously been employed by the Company in the role of Senior Vice President or Corporate Finance and, beginning in August 2023, as Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 WHEREAS, the Company and Executive wish to enter into this Agreement setting forth terms and conditions of Executive s employment in connection with his appointment as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual benefits to be derived herefrom and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the Company and Executive, the parties agree as follows. 
 1. Employment Term . The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby accepts employment with the Company, in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. This term of employment of Executive under this Agreement (the Term shall be the period commencing on December 13, 2023 and continuing for three (3) years thereafter, as may be extended in accordance with this Section 1 and subject to earlier termination in accordance with Section 4. The Term shall be extended automatically without further action by either party by one (1) additional year (added to the end of the Term), and then on each succeeding annual anniversary thereafter, unless either party shall have given written notice to the other party prior to the date which is sixty (60) days prior to the date upon which such extension would otherwise have become effective electing not to further extend the Term, in which case Executive s employment shall terminate on the date upon which such extension would otherwise have become effective, unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4. 
 2. Position and Duties . During the Term, Executive will serve as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company and as an officer or director of any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company if elected or appointed to such positions, as applicable, during the Term. In such capacities, Executive shall perform such duties and shall have such responsibilities as are normally associated with such positions, and as otherwise may be assigned to Executive from time to time. Subject to Section 4(e), Executive s functions, duties and responsibilities are subject to reasonable changes as the Company may in good faith determine from time to time. Executive hereby agrees to accept such employment and to serve the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates to the best of Executive s ability in such capacities, devoting all of Executive s business time to such employment. 
 3. Compensation . 
 (a) Base Salary . During the Term, Executive will receive a base salary of six hundred and twenty-five thousand U.S. dollars (US 625,000) per annum (pro-rated for any partial year), payable in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices and subject to such deductions or amounts to be withheld as required by applicable law and regulations or as may be agreed to by Executive. In the event that the Company, in its sole discretion, from time to time determines to increase Executive s base salary, such increased amount shall, from and after the effective date of such increase, constitute the base salary of Executive for purposes of this Agreement. 

(b) Incentive Compensation . Executive shall have the opportunity annually to earn incentive compensation Incentive Compensation during the Term in amounts determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion in accordance with the applicable incentive compensation plan of the Company as in effect from time to time (the Incentive Compensation Plan ). Under such Incentive Compensation Plan, as of the Effective Date, Executive shall have the opportunity annually to earn up to 75 of Executive s base salary as Incentive Compensation at target opportunity Target Bonus on the terms and subject to the conditions of such Incentive Compensation Plan (any such Incentive Compensation to be subject to such deductions or amounts to be withheld as required by applicable law and regulations or as may be agreed to by Executive). 
 (c) Eligibility for Annual Equity Awards . As of the Effective Date, Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual grant of stock options, restricted stock units or other equity awards with a grant date fair value equal to approximately 175 of Executive s base salary, as measured in accordance with the Company s standard practices of measuring equity value, and in accordance with the applicable plans and programs of the Company for executives of the Company and subject to the Company s right to at any time amend or terminate any such plan or program, so long as any such change does not adversely affect any accrued or vested interest of Executive under any such plan or program. Equity awards granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to the terms of the Company s standard form of award agreement under the Incentive Compensation Plan modified to provide that, if Executive remains employed by the Company through the date when he becomes 65 years of age and retires at any time thereafter, any unvested equity held by Executive as of that retirement date shall vest ten days after such retirement, subject to the achievement of any applicable performance criteria provided that, settlement of any such awards shall be in accordance with Section 4(g). 
 (d) Expense Reimbursement . Subject to Section 3(f), during the Term the Company shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable and necessary travel and other business expenses incurred by Executive in connection with the performance of Executive s duties under this Agreement, on a timely basis upon timely submission by Executive of vouchers therefor in accordance with the Company s standard policies and procedures. 
 (e) Employee Benefits . During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate, without discrimination or duplication, in any and all medical insurance, group health, disability, life insurance, accidental death and dismemberment insurance, 401(k) or other retirement, deferred compensation, stock ownership and such other plans and programs which are made generally available by the Company to similarly situated executives of the Company in accordance with the terms of such plans and programs and subject to the right of the Company (or its applicable affiliate) to at any time amend or terminate any such plan or program. Executive shall be entitled to paid time off, holidays and any other time off in accordance with the Company s policies in effect from time to time. 
 (f) Taxes and Internal Revenue Code 409A . Payment of all compensation and benefits to Executive under this Agreement shall be subject to all legally required and customary withholdings. The Company makes no representations or warranties and shall have no responsibility regarding the tax implications of the compensation and benefits to be paid to Executive under this Agreement, including under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and applicable administrative guidance and regulations Section 409A ). Section 409A governs plans and arrangements that provide nonqualified deferred compensation (as defined under the Code) which may include, among others, nonqualified retirement plans, bonus plans, stock option plans, employment agreements and severance agreements. The Company reserves the right to pay compensation and provide benefits under this Agreement (including under Section 3 and Section 4) in amounts, at times and in a manner that minimizes taxes, interest or penalties as a result of Section 409A. 
 2 

In addition, in the event any benefits or amounts paid to Executive hereunder are deemed to be subject to Section 409A, Executive consents to the Company adopting such conforming amendments as the Company deems necessary, in its reasonable discretion, to comply with Section 409A (including delaying payment until six (6) months following termination of employment). To the extent any payments of money or other benefits due to Executive hereunder could cause the application of an accelerated or additional tax under Section 409A, such payments or other benefits may be deferred if deferral will make such payment or other benefits compliant under Section 409A, or otherwise such payments or other benefits shall be restructured, to the extent permissible under Section 409A, in a manner determined by the Company that does not cause such an accelerated or additional tax. To the extent any reimbursements or in-kind benefits due to Executive under this Agreement constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A, any such reimbursements or in-kind benefits shall be paid to Executive in a manner consistent with Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv). Each payment made under this Agreement shall be designated as a separate payment within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 4. Termination of Employment . Executive s employment may be terminated at any time prior to the end of the Term under the terms described in this Section 4, and the Term shall automatically terminate upon any termination of Executive s employment. For purposes of clarification, except as provided in Section 5.6, all stock options, restricted stock units and other equity-based awards will be governed by the terms of the plans, grant agreements and programs under which such options, restricted stock units or other awards were granted on any termination of the Term and Executive s employment with the Company. 
 (a) Termination by Executive for Other than Good Reason . Executive may terminate Executive s employment hereunder for any reason or no reason upon 60 days prior written notice to the Company referring to this Section 4(a) provided , however , that a termination by Executive for Good Reason (as defined below) shall not constitute a termination by Executive for other than Good Reason pursuant to this Section 4(a). In the event Executive terminates Executive s employment for other than Good Reason, Executive shall be entitled only to the following compensation and benefits (the payments set forth in Sections 4(a)(i) 4(a)(iii), collectively, the Standard Termination Payments 
 (i) any accrued but unpaid base salary for services rendered by Executive to the date of such termination, payable in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices and subject to such deductions or amounts to be withheld as required by applicable law and regulations or as may be agreed to by Executive 
 (ii) any vested non-forfeitable amounts owing or accrued at the date of such termination under benefit plans, programs and arrangements set forth or referred to in Section 3(e) in which Executive participated during the Term (which will be paid under the terms and conditions of such plans, programs, and arrangements (and agreements and documents thereunder)) and, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any termination for Cause, any vesting to which Executive is entitled due to retirement and 
 (iii) reasonable business expenses and disbursements incurred by Executive prior to such termination will be reimbursed in accordance with Section 3(d). 
 (b) Termination By Reason of Death . If Executive dies during the Term, the last beneficiary designated by Executive by written notice to the Company (or, in the absence of such designation, Executive s estate) shall be entitled only to the Standard Termination Payments, including any benefits that may be payable under any life insurance benefit of Executive for which the Company pays premiums, in accordance with the terms of any such benefit and subject to the right of the Company (or its applicable affiliate) to at any time amend or terminate any such benefit. 
 3 

(c) Termination By Reason of Total Disability . The Company may terminate Executive s employment in the event of Executive s Total Disability. For purposes of this Agreement, Total Disability shall mean Executive s (1) becoming eligible to receive benefits under any long-term disability insurance program of the Company or (2) failure to perform the duties and responsibilities contemplated under this Agreement for a period of more than 180 days during any consecutive 12-month period due to physical or mental incapacity or impairment. In the event that Executive s employment is terminated by the Company by reason of Total Disability, Executive shall not be entitled to receive any compensation or benefits under this Agreement except for the Standard Termination Payments provided , however , that the Executive may separately be entitled to disability payments pursuant to a disability plan sponsored or maintained by the Company or any of its affiliates providing benefits to Executive. 
 (d) Termination by the Company for Cause . The Company may terminate the employment of Executive at any time for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean (i) gross neglect by Executive of Executive s duties hereunder (ii) Executive s indictment for or conviction of a felony, or any non-felony crime or offense involving the property of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or evidencing moral turpitude (iii) willful misconduct by Executive in connection with the performance of Executive s duties hereunder (iv) intentional breach by Executive of any material provision of this Agreement (v) material violation by Executive of a material provision of the Company s Code of Business Conduct (vi) Executive s failure to qualify (or failure to remain qualified) under any suitability or licensing requirements to which Executive may be subject by reason of Executive s position with the Company (vii) Executive s failure to cooperate with or respond to any regulatory requests for information in connection with such licensing requirements (viii) Executive s failure to timely file required license applications (ix) the denial of any license application submitted by Executive or (x) any other willful or grossly negligent conduct of Executive that would make the continued employment of Executive by the Company materially prejudicial to the best interests of the Company. In the event Executive s employment is terminated for Cause, Executive shall not be entitled to receive any compensation or benefits under this Agreement except for the Standard Termination Payments. 
 (e) Termination by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason . The Company may terminate Executive s employment at any time without Cause, for any reason or no reason, and Executive may terminate Executive s employment for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement Good Reason shall mean that, without Executive s prior written consent, any of the following shall have occurred (A) a material adverse change to Executive s positions, titles, offices, or duties, from those set forth in Section 2, except, in such case, in connection with the termination of Executive s employment for Cause or due to Total Disability, death or expiration of the Term (B) a material decrease in base salary or material decrease in Executive s Incentive Compensation opportunity provided under this Agreement or (C) any other material failure by the Company to perform any material obligation under, or material breach by the Company of any material provision of, this Agreement provided , however , that a termination by Executive for Good Reason under any of clauses (A) through (C) of this Section 4(e) shall not be considered effective unless Executive shall have provided the Company with written notice of the specific reasons for such termination within thirty (30) days after Executive has knowledge of the event or circumstance constituting Good Reason and the Company shall have failed to cure the event or condition allegedly constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) days after such notice has been given to the Company and Executive actually terminates his employment within ninety (90) days following the initial occurrence of the event giving rise to Good Reason. In the event that Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason (and not, for the avoidance of doubt, in the event of a termination pursuant to Section 4(a), (b), (c) or (d) or due to or non-renewal of the Term), the Company shall pay or provide the following amounts to Executive 
 
 4 

(i) the Standard Termination Payments 
 (ii) an amount equal to the Executive s base salary then in effect, payable in equal installments in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices over a period of twelve (12) months after such termination, and otherwise in accordance with Section 4(g) 
 (iii) no later than March 15 following the end of the year in which such termination occurs, in lieu of any Incentive Compensation for the year in which such termination occurs, payment of an amount equal to (A) the Incentive Compensation which would have been payable to Executive had Executive remained in employment with the Company during the entire year in which such termination occurred, multiplied by (B) a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days Executive was employed in the year in which such termination occurs and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the year in which such termination occurs and 
 (iv) if Executive timely elects to continue medical coverage under the Company s group health plan in accordance with COBRA, the full monthly premiums for such coverage on a monthly basis until the earlier of (A) a period of twelve (12) months has elapsed or (B) Executive is eligible for medical coverage under a plan provided by a new employer. 
 (f) Expiration of Term of Agreement. In the event Executive s employment is terminated by the Company at the end of the Term, the Company shall pay or provide the following amounts to Executive 
 (i) the Standard Termination Payments 
 (ii) an amount equal to the Executive s base salary then in effect, payable in equal installments in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices over a period of twelve (12) months after such termination, and otherwise in accordance with Section 4(g) 
 (iii) no later than March 15 following the end of the year in which such termination occurs, in lieu of any Incentive Compensation for the year in which such termination occurs, payment of an amount equal to (A) the Incentive Compensation which would have been payable to Executive had Executive remained in employment with the Company during the entire year in which such termination occurred, multiplied by (B) a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days Executive was employed in the year in which such termination occurs and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the year in which such termination occurs and 
 (iv) if Executive timely elects to continue medical coverage under the Company s group health plan in accordance with COBRA, the full monthly premiums for such coverage on a monthly basis until the earlier of (A) a period of twelve (12) months has elapsed or (B) Executive is eligible for medical coverage under a plan provided by a new employer. 
 (g) Timing of Certain Payments under Section 4 . For purposes of Section 409A, references herein to the Executive s termination of employment shall refer to Executive s separation of services with the Company within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(h). If at the time of 
 5 

Executive s separation of service with the Company other than as a result of Executive s death, (i) Executive is a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code), (ii) one or more of the payments or benefits received or to be received by Executive pursuant to this Agreement would constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, and (iii) the deferral of the commencement of any such payments or benefits otherwise payable hereunder as a result of such separation of service is necessary in order to prevent any accelerated or additional tax under Section 409A, such payments may be made as follows (i) no payments for a six-month period following the date of Executive s separation of service with the Company (ii) an amount equal to the aggregate sum that would have been otherwise payable during the initial six-month period paid in a lump sum on the first payroll date following six (6) months following the date of Executive s separation of service with the Company (subject to such deductions or amounts to be withheld as required by applicable law and regulations) and (iii) during the period beginning six (6) months following Executive s separation of service with the Company through the remainder of the applicable period, payment of the remaining amount due in equal installments in accordance with the Company s standard payroll practices (subject to such deductions or amounts to be withheld as required by applicable law and regulations). 
 (h) Mitigation . In the event the Executive s employment is terminated in accordance with Section 4(e) or (f) and Executive is employed by or otherwise engaged to provide services to another person or entity at any time prior to the end of any period of payments to or on behalf of Executive contemplated by this Section 4, (i) Executive shall immediately advise the Company of such employment or engagement and any health insurance benefits to which he is entitled in connection therewith, and (ii) the Company s obligation to make continued health insurance payments to or on behalf of Executive shall be reduced by any health insurance coverage obtained by Executive during the applicable period through such other employment or engagement (without regard to when such coverage is paid). 
 (i) Set-Off . To the fullest extent permitted by law and provided an acceleration of income or the imposition of an additional tax under Section 409A would not result, any amounts otherwise due to Executive hereunder (including any payments pursuant to this Section 4) shall be subject to set-off with respect to any amounts Executive otherwise owes the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof. 
 (j) No Other Benefits or Compensation . Except as may be specifically provided under this Agreement, under any other effective written agreement between Executive and the Company that expressly survives execution of this Agreement, or under the terms of any plan or policy applicable to Executive, Executive shall have no right to receive any other compensation from the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof, or to participate in any other plan, arrangement or benefit provided by the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof, with respect to any future period after such termination or resignation. Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive is entitled to no compensation or benefits from the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates of any kind or nature whatsoever in respect of periods prior to the date of this Agreement. 
 (k) Release of Employment Claims Compliance with Section 5 . Executive agrees, as a condition to receipt of any termination payments and benefits provided for in this Section 4 (other than the Standard Termination Payments), that Executive will execute a general release agreement, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, releasing any and all claims arising out of Executive s employment and the termination of such employment. The Company shall provide Executive with the proposed form of general release agreement referred to in the immediately preceding sentence no later than seven (7) days following the date of termination. Executive shall thereupon have 21 days or, if required by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, 45 days, to consider such general release agreement and, if he executes such general release agreement, shall have seven (7) days after execution of such general release agreement to revoke such general release agreement. Absent such revocation, such 
 6 

general release agreement shall become binding on Executive. If Executive does not revoke such general release agreement, payments contingent on such general release agreement that constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A (if any) shall be paid on the later of the 60th day after the date of termination or the date such payments are otherwise scheduled to be paid pursuant to this Agreement. The Company s obligation to make any termination payments and benefits provided for in this Section 4 (other than the Standard Termination Payments) shall immediately cease if Executive willfully or materially breaches Section 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, or 5.8. 
 (l) Section 280G . If the aggregate of all amounts and benefits due to the Executive under this Agreement or any other plan, program, agreement or arrangement of the Company or any of its affiliates, which, if received by the Executive in full, would constitute parachute payments, as such term is defined in and under Section 280G of the Code (collectively, Change in Control Benefits ), reduced by all Federal, state and local taxes applicable thereto, including the excise tax imposed pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code, is less than the amount the Executive would receive, after all such applicable taxes, if the Executive received aggregate Change in Control Benefits equal to an amount which is 1.00 less than three (3) times the Executive's base amount, as defined in and determined under Section 280G of the Code, then such Change in Control Benefits shall be reduced or eliminated to the extent necessary so that the Change in Control Benefits received by the Executive will not constitute parachute payments. If a reduction in the Change in Control Benefits is necessary, reduction shall occur in the following order unless the Executive elects in writing a different order, subject to the Company's consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) (i) severance payment based on multiple of base salary and or Target Bonus (ii) other cash payments (iii) any pro-rated bonus paid as severance (iv) acceleration of vesting of stock options with an exercise price that exceeds the then fair market value of stock subject to the option, provided such options are not permitted to be valued under Treasury Regulations Section 1.280G-1 Q A 24(c) (v) any equity awards accelerated or otherwise valued at full value, provided such equity awards are not permitted to be valued under Treasury Regulations Section 1.280G-1 Q A 24(c) (vi) acceleration of vesting of stock options with an exercise price that exceeds the then fair market value of stock subject to the option, provided such options are permitted to be valued under Treasury Regulations Section 1.280G-1 Q A 24(c) (vii) acceleration of vesting of all other stock options and equity awards and (viii) within any category, reductions shall be from the last due payment to the first. 
 It is possible that after the determinations and selections made pursuant to the preceding paragraph that the Executive will receive Change in Control Benefits that are, in the aggregate, either more or less than the amounts contemplated by the preceding paragraph (hereafter referred to as an Excess Payment or Underpayment, respectively). If there is an Excess Payment, the Executive shall promptly repay the Company an amount consistent with this paragraph. If there is an Underpayment, the Company shall pay the Executive an amount consistent with this paragraph. 
 5. Noncompetition Non-solicitation Nondisclosure etc . 
 5.1 Noncompetition Non-solicitation . 
 (a) Executive acknowledges the highly competitive nature of the Company s business and that access to the Company s confidential records and proprietary information renders Executive special and unique within the Company s industries. In addition to the protection of confidential records and proprietary information covered in Section 5.2, the provisions set forth in this Section 5.1 are necessary in order to protect the goodwill of the Company and the relationships developed by the Company with employees, customers and suppliers. In consideration of the amounts that may hereafter be paid to Executive pursuant to this Agreement (including Sections 3 and 4), Executive agrees that during the Term (including any extensions thereof) and during the Covered Time, Executive, alone or with others, will not, directly or 
 7 

indirectly, engage (as owner, investor, partner, stockholder, employer, employee, consultant, advisor, director or otherwise) in any Competing Business. For purposes of this Section 5, Competing Business shall mean any business or operations (i)(A) involving the design, development, manufacture, production, sale, lease, license, provision, operation or management (as the case may be) of (1) gaming machines, terminals or devices (including video or reel spinning slot machines, video poker machines, video lottery terminals and fixed odds betting terminals), (2) video gaming (including server-based gaming), sports betting or other wagering or gaming systems, regardless of whether such systems are land-based, internet-based or mobile (including control and monitoring systems, local or wide-area progressive systems and redemption systems) (3) real money gaming or social gaming-related proprietary or licensed content (including themes, entertainment and brands), platforms, websites and loyalty and customer relationship management programs regardless of whether any of the foregoing are land-based, internet-based or mobile-based (4) social casino games or websites or mobile phone or tablet applications (or similar known, or hereafter existing, technologies) featuring social casino games or any related marketing, distribution, or other services or programs (5) interactive casino gaming products or services, including interactive casino-game themed games and platforms for websites or mobile phone or tablet applications (or similar known, or hereafter existing, technologies) (6) gaming utility products (including shufflers, card-reading shoes, deck checkers and roulette chip sorters), table games (including live, simulated, online, social gaming, interactive and electronic) and related products and services (7) slot accounting, casino management, casino marketing, player tracking, bingo or similar gaming- or casino-related systems and related peripheral hardware, software and services or (8) ancillary products (including equipment, hardware, software, marketing materials, chairs and signage) or services (including field service, maintenance and support) related to any of the foregoing under sub-clauses (1) through (8) above or (B) in which the Company is then or was within the previous 12 months engaged, or in which the Company, to Executive s knowledge, contemplates to engage in during the Term or the Covered Time (ii) in which Executive was engaged or involved (whether in an executive or supervisory capacity or otherwise) on behalf of the Company or with respect to which Executive has obtained proprietary or confidential information and (iii) which were conducted anywhere in the United States or in any other geographic area in which such business was conducted or contemplated to be conducted by the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the holding of up to one percent (1 of the outstanding equity in a publicly traded entity for passive investment purposes shall not, in and of itself, be construed as engaging in a Competing Business. 
 (b) In further consideration of the amounts that may hereafter be paid to Executive pursuant to this Agreement (including Sections 3 and 4), Executive agrees that, during the Term (including any extensions thereof) and during the Covered Time, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly (i) solicit or attempt to induce any of the employees, agents, consultants or representatives of the Company to terminate his, her, or its relationship with the Company (ii) solicit or attempt to induce any of the employees, agents, consultants or representatives of the Company to become employees, agents, consultants or representatives of any other person or entity or (iii) solicit or attempt to induce any customer, vendor or distributor of the Company to curtail or cancel any business with the Company or (iv) hire any person who, to Executive s actual knowledge, is, or was within 180 days prior to such hiring, an employee of the Company. Sections (i) and (ii) are limited to employees, agents, consultants and representatives with whom Executive had material contact for the purpose of performing Executive s job duties or about whom Executive obtained confidential information during Executive s employment. Section (iii) is limited to customers, vendors and distributors with whom Executive had material contact for the purpose of performing his job duties, or about whom Executive obtained confidential information during his employment. 
 8 

(c) During the Term (including any extensions thereof) and during the Covered Time, Executive agrees that upon the earlier of Executive s (i) negotiating with any Competitor (as defined below) concerning the possible employment of Executive by the Competitor, (ii) responding to (other than for the purpose of declining) an offer of employment from a Competitor, or (iii) becoming employed by a Competitor, (A) Executive will provide copies of Section 5 of this Agreement to the Competitor, and (B) in the case of any circumstance described in (iii) above occurring during the Covered Time, and in the case of any circumstance described in (i) or (ii) above occurring during the Term or during the Covered Time, Executive will promptly provide notice to the Company of such circumstances. Executive further agrees that the Company may provide notice to a Competitor of Executive s obligations under this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, Competitor shall mean any person or entity (other than the Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates) that engages, directly or indirectly, in the United States or any other geographic area in any Competing Business. 
 (d) Executive understands that the restrictions in this Section 5.1 may limit Executive s ability to earn a livelihood in a business similar to the business of the Company but nevertheless agrees and acknowledges that the consideration provided under this Agreement (including Sections 3 and 4) is sufficient to justify such restrictions. In consideration thereof and in light of Executive s education, skills and abilities, Executive agrees that Executive will not assert in any forum that such restrictions prevent Executive from earning a living or otherwise should be held void or unenforceable. 
 (e) For purposes of this Agreement, Covered Time shall mean the period beginning on the date of termination of Executive s employment (the Date of Termination and ending twelve (12) months after the Date of Termination. 
 (f) In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator(s), as the case may be, determine that the provisions of this Section 5.1 are unenforceable for any reason, the parties acknowledge and agree that the court or arbitrator(s) is expressly empowered to reform any provision of this Section so as to make them enforceable as described in Section 10 below. 
 5.2 Proprietary Information Inventions . 
 (a) Executive acknowledges that, during the course of Executive s employment with the Company, Executive necessarily will have (and during any employment by, or affiliation with, the Company prior to the Effective Date has had) access to and make use of proprietary information and confidential records of the Company. Executive covenants that Executive shall not during the Term or at any time thereafter, directly or indirectly, use for Executive s own purpose or for the benefit of any person or entity other than the Company, nor otherwise disclose to any person or entity, any such proprietary information, unless and to the extent such disclosure has been authorized in writing by the Company or is otherwise required by law. The term proprietary information means (i) the software products, programs, applications, and processes utilized by the Company (ii) the name and or address of any customer or vendor of the Company or any information concerning the transactions or relations of any customer or vendor of the Company with the Company (iii) any information concerning any product, technology, or procedure employed by the Company but not generally known to its customers or vendors or competitors, or under development by or being tested by the Company but not at the time offered generally to customers or vendors (iv) any information relating to the Company s computer software, computer systems, pricing or marketing methods, sales margins, cost of goods, cost of material, capital structure, operating results, borrowing arrangements or business plans (v) any information identified as confidential or proprietary in any line of business engaged in by the Company (vi) any information that, to Executive s actual knowledge, the Company ordinarily maintains as confidential or proprietary (vii) any business plans, budgets, advertising or marketing plans (viii) any information contained in any of the 
 9 

Company s written or oral policies and procedures or manuals (ix) any information belonging to customers, vendors or any other person or entity which the Company, to Executive s actual knowledge, has agreed to hold in confidence and (x) all written, graphic, electronic data and other material containing any of the foregoing. Executive acknowledges that information that is not novel or copyrighted or patented may nonetheless be proprietary information. The term proprietary information shall not include information generally known or available to the public, information that becomes available to Executive on an unrestricted, non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents or other representatives (without breach of any obligation of confidentiality of which Executive has knowledge, after reasonable inquiry, at the time of the relevant disclosure by Executive), or general gaming industry information to the extent not particularly related or proprietary to the Company that was already known to Executive at the time Executive commenced his employment by the Company that is not subject to nondisclosure by virtue of Executive s prior employment or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing and Section 5.3, Executive may disclose or use proprietary information or confidential records solely to the extent (A) such disclosure or use may be required or appropriate in the performance of his duties as a director or employee of the Company, (B) required to do so by a court of law, by any governmental agency having supervisory authority over the business of the Company or by any administrative or legislative body (including a committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction to order him to divulge, disclose or make accessible such information (provided that in such case Executive shall first give the Company prompt written notice of any such legal requirement, disclose no more information than is so required and cooperate fully with all efforts by the Company to obtain a protective order or similar confidentiality treatment for such information), (C) such information or records becomes generally known to the public without his violation of this Agreement, or (D) disclosed to Executive s spouse, attorney and or his personal tax and financial advisors to the extent reasonably necessary to advance Executive s tax, financial and other personal planning (each an Exempt Person provided , however , that any disclosure or use of any proprietary information or confidential records by an Exempt Person shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 5.2 or Section 5.3 by Executive. 
 (b) Executive agrees that all processes, technologies and inventions (collectively, Inventions ), including new contributions, improvements, ideas and discoveries, whether patentable or not, conceived, developed, invented or made by Executive during the Term (and during any employment by, or affiliation with, the Company prior to the Term) shall belong to the Company, provided that such Inventions grew out of Executive s work with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, are related in any manner to the business (commercial or experimental) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or are conceived or made on the Company s time or with the use of the Company s facilities or materials. Executive shall further 
 (c) (i) promptly disclose such Inventions to the Company (ii) assign to the Company, without additional compensation, all patent and other rights to such Inventions for the United States and foreign countries (iii) sign all papers necessary to carry out the foregoing and (iv) give testimony in support of Executive s inventorship. If any Invention is described in a patent application or is disclosed to third parties, directly or indirectly, by Executive within two (2) years after the termination of Executive s employment with the Company, it is to be presumed that the Invention was conceived or made during the Term. Executive agrees that Executive will not assert any rights to any Invention as having been made or acquired by Executive prior to the date of this Agreement, except for Inventions, if any, disclosed in Exhibit A to this Agreement. 
 5.3 Confidentiality and Surrender of Records. Executive shall not, during the Term or at any time thereafter (irrespective of the circumstances under which Executive s employment by the Company terminates), except to the extent required by law, directly or indirectly publish, make known or in any fashion disclose any confidential records to, or permit any inspection or copying of confidential 
 10 

records by, any person or entity other than in the course of such person s or entity s employment or retention by the Company, nor shall Executive retain, and will deliver promptly to the Company, any of the same following termination of Executive s employment hereunder for any reason or upon request by the Company. For purposes hereof, confidential records means those portions of correspondence, memoranda, files, manuals, books, lists, financial, operating or marketing records, magnetic tape, or electronic or other media or equipment of any kind in Executive s possession or under Executive s control or accessible to Executive which contain any proprietary information. All confidential records shall be and remain the sole property of the Company during the Term and thereafter. 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall (i) prohibit Executive from making reports of possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity in accordance with the provisions of and rules promulgated under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or of any other whistleblower protection provisions of state or federal law or regulation, or (ii) require notification or prior approval by the Company of any reporting described in clause (i). Executive understands that activities protected by Sections 5.2 and 5.3 may include disclosure of trade secret or confidential information within the limitations permitted by the Defend Trade Secrets Act DTSA ). And, in this regard, Executive acknowledges notification that under the DTSA no individual will be held criminally or civilly liable under Federal or State trade secret law for disclosure of a trade secret (as defined in the Economic Espionage Act) that is (A) made in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or, (B) made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal so that it is not made public. And, an individual who pursues a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of the law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except as permitted by court order. 
 5.4 Non-disparagement. Executive shall not, during the Term and thereafter, disparage in any material respect the Company, any affiliate of the Company, any of their respective businesses, any of their respective officers, directors or employees, or the reputation of any of the foregoing persons or entities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Executive or any other person from making truthful statements that are required by applicable law, regulation or legal process. 
 5.5 No Other Obligations. Executive represents that Executive is not precluded or limited in Executive s ability to undertake or perform the duties described herein by any contract, agreement or restrictive covenant. Executive covenants that Executive shall not employ the trade secrets or proprietary information of any other person in connection with Executive s employment by the Company without such person s authorization. 
 5.6 Forfeiture of Outstanding Equity Awards Clawback Policies. The other provisions of this Agreement notwithstanding, if Executive willfully and materially fails to comply with Section 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, or 5.8, all options to purchase common stock, restricted stock units and other equity-based awards granted by the Company or any of its affiliates (whether prior to, contemporaneous with, or subsequent to the date hereof) and held by Executive or a transferee of Executive shall be immediately forfeited and cancelled. Executive acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement or any other agreement, plan or program, any incentive-based compensation or benefits contemplated under this Agreement (including Incentive Compensation and equity-based awards) shall be subject to recovery by the Company under any compensation recovery or clawback policy, generally applicable to senior executives of the Company, that the Company may adopt from time 
 11 

to time, including any policy which the Company may be required to adopt under Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder or the requirements of any national securities exchange on which the Company s common stock may be listed. 
 5.7 Enforcement. Executive acknowledges and agrees that, by virtue of Executive s position, services and access to and use of confidential records and proprietary information, any violation by Executive of any of the undertakings contained in this Section 5 would cause the Company immediate, substantial and irreparable injury for which it has no adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, Executive agrees and consents to the entry of an injunction or other equitable relief by a court of competent jurisdiction restraining any violation or threatened violation of any undertaking contained in this Section 5. Executive waives posting of any bond otherwise necessary to secure such injunction or other equitable relief. Rights and remedies provided for in this Section 5 are cumulative and shall be in addition to rights and remedies otherwise available to the parties hereunder or under any other agreement or applicable law. 
 5.8 Cooperation with Regard to Litigation. Executive agrees to cooperate reasonably with the Company, during the Term and thereafter (including following Executive s termination of employment for any reason), by providing information to the Company regarding matters related to his term of employment and by being available to testify on behalf of the Company in any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative. In addition, except to the extent that Executive has or intends to assert in good faith an interest or position adverse to or inconsistent with the interest or position of the Company, Executive agrees to cooperate reasonably with the Company, during the Term and thereafter (including following Executive s termination of employment for any reason), to assist the Company in any such action, suit, or proceeding by providing information and meeting and consulting with the Board or its representatives or counsel, or representatives or counsel to the Company, in each case, as reasonably requested by the Company. The Company agrees to pay (or reimburse, if already paid by Executive) all reasonable travel and communication expenses actually incurred in connection with Executive s cooperation and assistance. 
 5.9 Survival. The provisions of this Section 5 shall survive the termination of the Term and any termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
 5.10 Company. For purposes of this Section 5, references to the Company shall include the Company and each subsidiary and or affiliate of the Company (and each of their respective joint ventures and equity method investees). 
 6. Code of Conduct . Executive acknowledges that Executive has read the Company s Code of Business Conduct and agrees to abide by such Code of Business Conduct, as amended or supplemented from time to time, and other policies applicable to employees and executives of the Company. 
 7. Indemnification . The Company shall indemnify Executive to the full extent permitted under the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws and pursuant to any other agreements or policies in effect from time to time in connection with any action, suit or proceeding to which Executive may be made a party by reason of Executive being an officer, director or employee of the Company or of any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company. 
 8. Assignability Binding Effect . Neither this Agreement nor the rights or obligations hereunder of the parties shall be transferable or assignable by Executive, except in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution and as specified below. The Company may assign this Agreement and the Company s rights and obligations hereunder to any affiliate of the Company, provided that upon any such assignment the 
 12 

Company shall remain liable for the obligations to Executive hereunder. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Executive, Executive s heirs, executors, administrators, and beneficiaries, and shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns. 
 9. Complete Understanding Amendment Waiver . This Agreement constitutes the complete understanding between the parties with respect to the employment of Executive from and after the Effective Date and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and including superseding any entitlements to benefits or payments pursuant to any severance plan, policy, practice or arrangement maintained by the Company or any affiliate thereof as of the date this Agreement is executed by both parties and no statement, representation, warranty or covenant has been made by either party with respect thereto except as expressly set forth herein provided, however, nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit, impair or supersede any agreement between the Company and Executive relating to grants of stock options, restricted stock units or other equity-based awards granted to Executive prior to the Effective Date, which shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with the terms of such agreements and the plan pursuant to which such awards were granted. Except as contemplated by Section 3(f) 5.1(f) and 10, this Agreement shall not be modified, amended or terminated except by a written instrument signed by each of the parties. Any waiver of any term or provision hereof, or of the application of any such term or provision to any circumstances, shall be in writing signed by the party charged with giving such waiver. Waiver by either party of any breach hereunder by the other party shall not operate as a waiver of any other breach, whether similar to or different from the breach waived. No delay by either party in the exercise of any rights or remedies shall operate as a waiver thereof, and no single or partial exercise by either party of any such right or remedy shall preclude other or further exercise thereof. 
 10. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the application of any such provision to any person or circumstances shall be determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such provision to such person or circumstances other than those to which it is so determined to be invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each provision hereof shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. If any provision of this Agreement, or any part thereof, is held to be invalid or unenforceable because of the scope or duration of or the area covered by such provision, the parties agree that the court making such determination shall reduce the scope, duration and or area of such provision (and shall substitute appropriate provisions for any such invalid or unenforceable provisions) in order to make such provision enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law and or shall delete specific words and phrases, and such modified provision shall then be enforceable and shall be enforced. The parties recognize that if, in any judicial proceeding, a court shall refuse to enforce any of the separate covenants contained in this Agreement, then that invalid or unenforceable covenant contained in this Agreement shall be deemed eliminated from these provisions to the extent necessary to permit the remaining separate covenants to be enforced. In the event that any court determines that the time period or the area, or both, are unreasonable and that any of the covenants is to that extent invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree that such covenants will remain in full force and effect, first, for the greatest time period, and second, in the greatest geographical area that would not render them unenforceable. 
 11. Survivability . The provisions of this Agreement which by their terms call for performance subsequent to termination of Executive s employment hereunder, or of this Agreement, shall so survive such termination, whether or not such provisions expressly state that they shall so survive. 
 13 

12. Governing Law Arbitration . 
 (a) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada applicable to agreements made and to be wholly performed within that State, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. 
 (b) Arbitration . 
 (i) Executive and the Company agree that, except for claims for workers compensation, unemployment compensation, and any other claim that is non-arbitrable under applicable law, final and binding arbitration shall be the exclusive forum for any dispute or controversy between them, including, without limitation, disputes arising under or in connection with this Agreement, Executive s employment, and or termination of employment, with the Company provided , however , that the Company shall be entitled to commence an action in any court of competent jurisdiction for injunctive relief in connection with any alleged actual or threatened violation of any provision of Section 5. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrators award in any court having jurisdiction. For purposes of entering such judgment or seeking injunctive relief with regard to Section 5, the Company and Executive hereby consent to the jurisdiction of any state or federal court of competent jurisdiction located in Las Vegas, Nevada provided that damages for any alleged violation of Section 5, as well as any claim, counterclaim or cross-claim brought by Executive or any third-party in response to, or in connection with, any court action commenced by the Company seeking said injunctive relief shall remain exclusively subject to final and binding arbitration as provided for herein. The Company and Executive hereby waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which either may now or hereafter have to such jurisdiction, venue and any defense of inconvenient forum. Thus, except for the claims carved out above, this Agreement includes all common-law and statutory claims (whether arising under federal state or local law), including any claim for breach of contract, fraud, fraud in the inducement, unpaid wages, wrongful termination, and gender, age, national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, or any other protected status. 
 (ii) Any arbitration under this Agreement shall be filed exclusively with, and administered by, the American Arbitration Association in Las Vegas, Nevada before three arbitrators, in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association in effect at the time of submission to arbitration. The Company and Executive hereby agree that a judgment upon an award rendered by the arbitrators may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. The Company shall pay all costs uniquely attributable to arbitration, including the administrative fees and costs of the arbitrators. Each party shall pay that party s own costs and attorney fees, if any, unless the arbitrators rule otherwise. Executive understands that Executive is giving up no substantive rights, and this Agreement simply governs forum. The arbitrators shall apply the same standards a court would apply to award any damages, attorney fees or costs. Executive shall not be required to pay any fee or cost that Executive would not otherwise be required to pay in a court action, unless so ordered by the arbitrators. 
 EXECUTIVE INITIALS s OC COMPANY INITIALS s JS 
 (c) WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, EXECUTIVE AND THE COMPANY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE RIGHT TO A COURT TRIAL AND TRIAL BY JURY IS OF VALUE, AND KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVE THAT RIGHT FOR ANY DISPUTE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION. 
 14 

13. Titles and Captions . All paragraph titles or captions in this Agreement are for convenience only and in no way define, limit, extend or describe the scope or intent of any provision hereof. 
 14. Joint Drafting . In recognition of the fact that the parties had an equal opportunity to negotiate the language of, and draft, this Agreement, the parties acknowledge and agree that there is no single drafter of this Agreement and, therefore, the general rule that ambiguities are to be construed against the drafter is, and shall be, inapplicable. If any language in this Agreement is found or claimed to be ambiguous, each party shall have the same opportunity to present evidence as to the actual intent of the parties with respect to any such ambiguous language without any inference or presumption being drawn against any party hereto. 
 15. Notices . All notices and other communications to be given or to otherwise be made to any party to this Agreement shall be deemed to be sufficient if contained in a written instrument delivered in person or duly sent by certified mail or by a recognized national courier service, postage or charges prepaid, (a) to Light & Wonder, Inc., Attn Legal Department, 6601 Bermuda Rd., Las Vegas, NV 89119, (b) to Executive, at the last address shown in the Company s records, or (c) to such other replacement address as may be designated in writing by the addressee to the addressor. 
 16. Licensing Requirements . The Company is subject to the laws, rules and regulations of various governmental bodies that regulate gaming companies. Executive may be required to submit to background, suitability and licensing investigations conducted by multiple gaming regulators. Executive agrees to fully cooperate with both the Company and gaming regulators by furnishing all requested information, including personal information regarding Executive and Executive s family members, and documentation during the regulatory process. Executive agrees to fully cooperate with and conform to all regulatory requests for information in the required timeframe. Compliance with this requirement is a material provision of this Agreement. 
 17. Interpretation . When a reference is made in this Agreement to a Section, such reference shall be to a Section of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation, unless the context otherwise indicates. When a reference in this Agreement is made to a party or parties, such reference shall be to a party or parties to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated or the context requires otherwise. Unless the context requires otherwise, the terms hereof, herein, hereby, hereto , hereunder and derivative or similar words in this Agreement refer to this entire Agreement. Unless the context requires otherwise, words in this Agreement using the singular or plural number also include the plural or singular number, respectively, and the use of any gender herein shall be deemed to include the other genders. References in this Agreement to dollars or are to U.S. dollars. When a reference is made in this Agreement to a law, statute or legislation, such reference shall be to such law, statute or legislation as it may be amended, modified, extended or re-enacted from time to time (including any successor law, statute or legislation) and shall include any regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time. The headings used herein are for reference only and shall not affect the construction of this Agreement. 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has duly executed this Agreement as of the date above written. 

LIGHT & WONDER, INC. 
 
 By s James Sottile 
 Name James Sottile 
 Title EVP and Chief Legal Officer 

s Oliver Chow 
 Oliver Chow 
 16 

Exhibit A 
 
 Inventions 
 
 None 
 17 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-21>
 6
 ex21-listofsubsidiaries2023.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

 LIGHT & WONDER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 
 (All subsidiaries are 100 owned unless otherwise stated) 
 (List includes only subsidiaries in which Light & Wonder holds equal to or greater than 50 of the subsidiary) 
 
 1. Alictus Yazilim Anonim Sirketi (Turkey) 
 2. Authentic Gaming Limited (Malta) 
 3. Authentic Gaming Malta Limited (Malta) 
 4. Bally Gaming and Systems S.A. (Uruguay) 
 5. Bally Gaming Netherlands II B.V. (Netherlands) 
 6. Barcrest Development B.V. (Netherlands) (50 
 7. Barcrest Group Limited (England and Wales) 
 8. Come2Play Ltd. (Israel) 
 9. Content Media Holding Limited (Malta) 
 10. Content Media Operations Sweden AB (Sweden) 
 11. Cryptologic Limited (Guernsey) 
 12. Dragonplay Ltd (Israel) 
 13. ELK Studios Malta Limited (Malta) 
 14. ELKAB Studios AB (Sweden) 
 15. E-SYS Tecnologia Em Inform tica S.A. (Brazil) (70 
 16. Global Draw Limited (England and Wales) 
 17. Hillbeck Trading Limited (Cyprus) 
 18. Jadestone Networks (Malta) Limited (Malta) 
 19. Koukoi Games Oy (Finland) 
 20. Light and Wonder Gibraltar Limited (Gibraltar) 
 21. Light and Wonder International, Inc. (Delaware) 
 22. Light and Wonder Services Philippines, Inc. (Philippines) 
 23. Lightning Box Games Pty Limited (Australia) 
 24. LNW Cayman Holdings LLC (Nevada) 
 25. LNW Cayman1 Ltd. (Cayman Islands) 
 26. LNW Cayman2 Ltd. (Cayman Islands) 
 27. LNW Gaming Africa Proprietary Ltd. (Republic of South Africa) (74.8 
 28. LNW Gaming Alberta Inc. (Alberta, Canada) 
 29. LNW Gaming Alderney Ops Limited (Gibraltar) 
 30. LNW Gaming and Systems France (France) 
 31. LNW Gaming and Systems Holdings Limited (England and Wales) 
 32. LNW Gaming & Systems, S. de R.L. de C.V. (Mexico) 
 33. LNW Gaming ANZ Pty Ltd. (Australia) 
 34. LNW Gaming Argentina S.A.U. (Argentina) 
 35. LNW Gaming Asia Limited (Macau) 
 36. LNW Gaming Australia Holdings I Pty Ltd. (Australia) 
 37. LNW Gaming Australia Holdings II Pty Ltd (Australia) 
 38. LNW Gaming Canada Ltd. (New Brunswick, Canada) 
 39. LNW Gaming Gibraltar Limited (Gibraltar) 
 40. LNW Gaming Group LLC (Nevada) 
 41. LNW Gaming International, S.L.U. (Spain) 
 42. LNW Gaming Italy, S.r.l. (Italy) 
 43. LNW Gaming Krakow sp. z o.o. (Poland) 
 44. LNW Gaming Malta Holdings Limited (Malta) 
 45. LNW Gaming Malta Limited (Malta) 
 46. LNW Gaming New Zealand Pty Ltd. (New Zealand) 
 1 

47. LNW Gaming Peru S.R.L. (Peru) 
 48. LNW Gaming Puerto Rico, LLC (Puerto Rico) 
 49. LNW Gaming Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Singapore) 
 50. LNW Gaming UK Limited (England and Wales) 
 51. LNW Gaming, Inc. (Nevada) 
 52. LNW GmbH (Austria) 
 53. LNW Hellas Single Member Limited Liability Company (Greece) 
 54. LNW Holdco, Inc. (Delaware) 
 55. LNW Holding Company Limited (Guernsey) 
 56. LNW India Solutions Private Limited (India) 
 57. LNW Ireland Holdings Limited (Ireland) 
 58. LNW Services Pty Ltd (Australia) 
 59. LNW Sweden AB (Sweden) 
 60. LNW Tables, Inc. (Nevada) 
 61. LNW Tables, Inc. & Co KG (Austria) 
 62. LNW UK Holdings Limited (England and Wales) 
 63. NextGen Gaming (USA) LLC (Nevada) 
 64. NYX Digital Gaming (Alderney) Limited (Alderney) 
 65. NYX Digital Gaming (Gibraltar II) Limited (Gibraltar) 
 66. NYX Digital Gaming (Guernsey) Limited (Guernsey) 
 67. Playzido Limited (England and Wales) 
 68. Scientific Connections India Private Limited (India) 
 69. Scientific Games (Bermuda) Limited (Bermuda) 
 70. SciPlay Corporation (Nevada) 
 71. SciPlay Games, LLC (Nevada) 
 72. SG Gaming Qingdao Company Limited (China) 
 73. SHFL entertainment (Argentina) S.R.L. (Argentina) 
 74. SHFL entertainment (Australasia) Holdings Pty Limited (Australia) 
 75. Shuffle Master Australia Pty Ltd (Australia) 
 76. Stargames Pty Limited (Australia) 
 77. Wagerlogic (Ireland) Limited (Ireland) 
 78. Wagerlogic (UK) Limited (England and Wales) 
 79. WagerLogic Limited (Cyprus) 
 80. WMS Gaming Services Europe, S.L.U. (Spain) 
 2 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 ex231-dtconsentletter2023.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-05811, 333-44983, 333-110141, 333-134043, 333-157638, 333-161232, 333-191817, 333-197948, 333-200463, 333-213432, 333-213434, 333-232987, 333-263188, and 333-275135 on Form S-8 and No. 333-112452 on Form S-3 of our reports dated February 27, 2024, relating to the financial statements of Light & Wonder, Inc. and the effectiveness of Light & Wonder, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Light & Wonder, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Las Vegas, Nevada 
 February 27, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 ex311-certificationofceose.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

Certification by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Matthew R. Wilson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Light & Wonder, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Matthew R. Wilson 
 Matthew R. Wilson 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Date February 27, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 ex312-certificationofcfose.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

Certification by Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Oliver Chow, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Light & Wonder, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Oliver Chow Oliver Chow Chief Financial Officer 
 Date February 27, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 ex321-certificationofceose.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Light & Wonder, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Matthew R. Wilson, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 s Matthew R. Wilson 
 Matthew R. Wilson 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 February 27, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 ex322-certificationofcfose.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Light & Wonder, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Oliver Chow, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 s Oliver Chow 
 Oliver Chow 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 February 27, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 12
 ex971-incentivecompensatio.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 
 Exhibit 97.1 

 Light & Wonder, Inc. 
 
 Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy 
 
 A. PURPOSE 
 
 This Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy (this Recovery Policy is adopted by Light & Wonder, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), as of November 2, 2023, as required by Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), Rule 10D-1 under the Exchange Act and the applicable NASDAQ National Market Listing Standards (collectively, the Recovery Rules ). The purpose of this Recovery Policy is solely to comply with the Company s obligations under the Recovery Rules and is not intended to obligate the Company to recover more than necessary to comply with the Recovery Rules. This Recovery Policy is intended to apply independently of all other clawback, recoupment or forfeiture policies, agreements or other arrangements of the Company (including the Light & Wonder, Inc. Clawback Policy) (collectively, Other Clawback Policies ). 
 
 B. ADMINISTRATION 
 
 This Recovery Policy shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company (the Compensation Committee ). The Compensation Committee shall have the full power and authority to interpret, and make determinations under, this Recovery Policy, consistent with the Recovery Rules. All determinations and decisions made by the Compensation Committee pursuant to this Recovery Policy shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons, including each member of the Company Group (as defined below), its respective affiliates, stockholders and employees. In the absence of the Compensation Committee, a majority of the independent directors serving on the Board shall administer this Recovery Policy as set forth in this paragraph. 
 
 C. COVERED INDIVIDUALS 
 
 Each Executive Officer (as defined below) shall be subject to this Recovery Policy and shall be required to execute a Recovery Policy Participation Agreement in the form attached as Attachment A hereto. Failure by an Executive Officer to execute a Recovery Policy Participation Agreement shall have no impact on the applicability or enforceability of this Recovery Policy. 
 
 D. RECOVERY OF EXCESS INCENTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 In the event the Company is required to prepare a Covered Financial Restatement (as defined below), the Company shall seek reasonably promptly the recovery of any Excess Incentive Compensation (as defined below) received by an Executive Officer during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the applicable Triggering Date (as defined below) (or any transition period that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year within or immediately following such three completed fiscal years) provided , however , that a transition period between the last day of the Company s previous fiscal year-end and the first day of its new fiscal year that comprises a period of nine to 12 months shall be considered a completed fiscal year for purposes of this Recovery Policy. The Company s obligations to recover Excess Incentive Compensation from an Executive Officer is not dependent on if, or when, the applicable restated financial statements are filed. Unless otherwise specified by the Compensation Committee, an Executive Officer shall be required to forfeit or repay the Excess Incentive Compensation within 90 days following the date such Executive Officer is informed that such Executive Officer has received Excess Incentive Compensation from the Company Group. For the avoidance of doubt, any action by the Company to recover Excess Incentive Compensation under this Recovery Policy from an Executive Officer shall not, whether alone or in combination with any 

other action, event or condition, be deemed (i) good reason or term of similar import or to serve as a basis for a claim of constructive termination under any benefit or compensation arrangement applicable to such Executive Officer, or (ii) to constitute a breach of a contract or other arrangement to which such Executive Officer is party. 
 
 Subject to the Recovery Rules, the Compensation Committee shall have discretion to determine the method by which Excess Incentive Compensation shall be recovered from the applicable Executive Officers provided that (i) to the extent the applicable Excess Incentive Compensation consists of amounts that have been received by, but not yet paid to, such Executive Officer, such unpaid amounts shall be forfeited and (ii) to the extent any remaining Excess Incentive Compensation consists of amounts paid to such Executive Officer in cash or shares of Company common stock that are still held by such Executive Officer, such Executive Officer shall be entitled to repay such amount either in cash or such shares of Company common stock, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, any Excess Incentive Compensation received by an Executive Officer that has subsequently been forfeited prior to payment thereof (including as a result of termination of employment or breach of contract) shall be deemed to have been repaid in accordance with this Recovery Policy. To the extent that the application of this Recovery Policy would provide for recovery of Excess Incentive Compensation that the Company recovers pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or Other Clawback Policies, the amount the relevant Executive Officer has already reimbursed the Company will be credited to the required recovery under this Recovery Policy. 
 
 The Company must recover Excess Incentive Compensation pursuant to this Recovery Policy except to the extent the conditions of (i), (ii) or (iii) of this sentence are satisfied, including the Company s compliance with any additional requirements set forth in the applicable Recovery Rules related thereto, and the Compensation Committee has made a determination that recovery would be impracticable (i) the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Recovery Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered (ii) recovery would violate home country law of the Company where the applicable law was adopted prior to November 28, 2022 or (iii) recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 
 
 E. GOVERNING LAW 
 
 This Recovery Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to conflicts of law thereof or of any other jurisdiction. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Recovery Policy shall be resolved by confidential final and binding arbitration by three arbitrators conducted in Las Vegas, Nevada, administered by and in accordance with the then-existing rules and procedures of the American Arbitration Association. Any dispute regarding the scope of the arbitration (including the matters subject to arbitration and any legal issues arising in the arbitration) shall be resolved by the arbitrators. The parties shall each bear their own expenses in connection with any dispute under or relating to this Recovery Policy. 
 
 F. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
 
 This Recovery Policy shall only apply to Incentive Compensation received on or after October 2, 2023. The Board may amend this Recovery Policy from time to time in its sole and absolute discretion. This Recovery Policy shall not limit the rights of the Company to take any other actions or pursue other remedies that the Company may deem appropriate under the circumstances and under applicable law. This Recovery Policy and determinations and decisions made by the Compensation Committee pursuant to this Recovery Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Executive Officers and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 

G. DEFINITIONS 
 
 Company Group means the Company, collectively with each of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including SciPlay Corporation, a Nevada corporation. 
 
 Covered Financial Restatement means an accounting restatement required due to material noncompliance by the Company with any financial reporting requirements under the federal securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. The following shall not constitute a Covered Financial Restatement (i) out-of-period adjustments (ii) retrospective application of a change in accounting principle (iii) retrospective revision to reportable segment information due to a change in the structure of the internal organization of the Company Group (iv) retrospective reclassification due to a discontinued operation (v) retrospective application of a change in reporting entity, such as from a reorganization of entities under common control (vi) retrospective revision for stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends or other change in capital structure and (vii) retrospective adjustment to provisional amounts in connection with a prior business combination. 
 
 Excess Incentive Compensation means (i) the amount of Incentive Compensation received by an Executive Officer in excess of the amount that would have been received had it been determined based on the restated Financial Reporting Measure following the completion of a Covered Financial Restatement and (ii) any other compensation that is computed based on, or otherwise attributable to, the amounts described in clause (i), in each case, as determined by the Compensation Committee in accordance with the Recovery Rules. The amount of Excess Incentive Compensation shall be determined on a gross basis without regard to any taxes owed or paid by the Executive Officer on the receipt or settlement of the Incentive Compensation. For Incentive Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of Excess Incentive Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in an accounting restatement, the amount shall be based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the accounting restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive Compensation was received. For the avoidance of doubt, Excess Incentive Compensation may include Incentive Compensation received by a person after such person ceases to be an Executive Officer, including a former employee of the Company Group. 
 
 Executive Officer means an executive officer (as defined in Rule 10D-1(d) under the Exchange Act) of the Company and as identified by the Compensation Committee in accordance with the Recovery Rules. 
 
 Financial Reporting Measures means measures that are determined in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company Group s financial statements, and any measures that are derived in whole or in part from such measures, including revenue, adjusted EBITDA and stock price and other measures based on stock price such as total shareholder return. A Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented within the financial statements or included in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Incentive Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or becomes vested, in whole or in part, upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure and as identified by the Compensation Committee in accordance with the Recovery Rules and that was received by an Executive Officer (i) after such individual began service as an Executive Officer, (ii) who served in such capacity at any time during the performance period for such compensation and (iii) while the Company had a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association. Except as otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee, Incentive Compensation shall not include the 

following (i) salaries (ii) amounts received solely at the discretion of the Compensation Committee or the Board and that are not received from a pool that is determined by satisfying a Financial Reporting Measure performance goal (iii) amounts received solely upon satisfying one or more subjective standards (iv) amounts received solely upon satisfying one or more strategic measures or operational measures and (v) amounts received solely based on service or the passage of time. 
 
 Incentive Compensation shall be considered to be received by an Executive Officer in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive Compensation is achieved or attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive Compensation occurs after the end of that fiscal period. 
 
 Triggering Date means the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare a Covered Financial Restatement or (ii) the date a court of competent jurisdiction, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Covered Financial Restatement provided that the recovery of Excess Incentive Compensation pursuant to this Recovery Policy as a result of this clause (ii) shall only be required if such action by such court, regulator or other legally authorized body, as applicable, is final and non-appealable. 

Attachment A 
 
 Recovery Policy Participation Agreement 
 
 This Recovery Policy Participation Agreement (this Participation Agreement to the Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy (the Recovery Policy of Light & Wonder, Inc. (the Company is entered into between the Company and NAME . Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Participation Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Recovery Policy 
 
 By signing below, the undersigned 
 
 1. acknowledges and confirms that the undersigned has received and reviewed a copy of the Recovery Policy and that the undersigned is, and the undersigned s beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives, as applicable, are, subject to the Recovery Policy 
 
 2. acknowledges and agrees that the undersigned shall comply with the Recovery Policy, including, without limitation, by returning Excess Incentive Compensation pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Recovery Policy and applicable law, and that the undersigned remains subject to the Recovery Policy during and after the undersigned s employment or engagement with the Company Group 
 
 3. notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, acknowledges and agrees to comply with and be subject to the terms and conditions of the Recovery Policy, including those set forth in Paragraph E regarding the adjudication and settlement of all disputes, controversies or claims arising out of or relating to the Recovery Policy 
 
 4. acknowledges and agrees that in the event of any inconsistency between the Recovery Policy and the terms of any employment agreement to which the undersigned is a party, or the terms of any compensation plan, program, agreement or arrangement under which any Incentive Compensation has been granted, awarded, earned or paid, in each case, the terms of the Recovery Policy shall govern and 
 
 5. acknowledges that the Recovery Policy may be amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and the undersigned shall remain subject to the Recovery Policy, as so amended, in all respects. 

_________________________ 
 Signature 
 
 _________________________ 
 Print Name 
 
 _________________________ 
 Date 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-99.1>
 13
 ex991.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 
 Exhibit 99.1 

 SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORPORATION (AS PREDECESSOR TO LIGHT & WONDER, INC.) 
 2003 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 AS AMENDED AND RESTATED JUNE 12, 2019 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF EQUITY AWARDS TO KEY EMPLOYEES 
 THIS AGREEMENT, made as of the DAY day of MONTH , 20 YEAR , between LIGHT & WONDER, INC. (the Company and PARTICIPANT NAME (the Participant ). 
 WHEREAS, the Compensation Committee (the Committee administers the Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light & Wonder, Inc.) 2003 Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan 
 WHEREAS, the Participant is eligible to receive awards under the Plan in connection with the Participant s employment with the Company (or any of its applicable affiliates) Employment and 
 WHEREAS, the Committee may from time to time approve awards for the Participant in such amounts and at such times as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion, which awards shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, as such terms and conditions may be amended or supplemented from time to time by the Committee. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Grants. Pursuant and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan, the Participant may be granted the following types of awards Awards with respect to the Company s Common Stock Common Stock ), pursuant to an Award notice, which will state the type of Award, the number of shares subject to the Award and any other terms determined by the Committee in its sole discretion 
 (a) Stock Options Options -- representing a right to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise price per share that is equal to or greater than the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant. The Committee will generally set the exercise price of Options and Performance Options (as defined below) at the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. The Options and Performance Options do not become exercisable until satisfaction of an applicable vesting period. The Options and Performance Options are Non-Qualified Stock Options i.e. , they do not constitute incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Code )). 
 (b) Restricted Stock Units Units -- representing a right to receive shares of Common Stock following satisfaction of an applicable vesting period subject to the conditions, restrictions and limitations set forth in Section 6(e) of the Plan, this Agreement and the Award notice. 
 (c) Performance Conditioned Restricted Stock Units Performance Units or Stock Options Performance Options -- representing (i) with respect to Performance Units, a right to receive shares of Common Stock and (ii) with respect to Performance Options, a right to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise price per share that is equal to or greater than the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant, in both cases, following satisfaction of an applicable vesting period and subject to performance requirements established by the Committee at the time of grant, which may be based on Company or individual performance criteria for an annual or other applicable performance period, and subject to such other conditions, restrictions and limitations set forth in Section 7 of the Plan, this Agreement and the Award notice. 
 2. Incorporation of Plan by Reference. All terms, conditions and restrictions of the Plan are incorporated in, and made a part of, this Agreement as if stated herein. If there is any conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan, as interpreted by the Committee, shall govern. Except as otherwise provided herein, all capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Plan. In addition, if there is any conflict between this Agreement and the terms of any 
 1 

written employment contract between the Participant and the Company (or any of its applicable affiliates), the terms of the written employment contract will govern (except to the extent the terms set forth in this Agreement or the Award notice expressly apply notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in such employment contract), subject to the mandatory terms of the Plan. 
 3. Restriction on Transfer of Awards. Awards under the Plan may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, margined, or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Participant, except for transfers upon the death of the Participant. 
 4. Vesting Schedule for Awards. Unless otherwise set forth in the applicable Award notice, an Award under the Plan will be granted with a three-year ratable vesting schedule such that 33.33 of the total Award will vest on each of the first two anniversaries of the grant date and 33.34 will vest on the third anniversary of the grant date. In the case of Performance Units and Performance Options, vesting will also be conditioned on satisfaction of performance criteria established by the Committee. With respect to such Performance Units and Performance Options, where the applicable performance criteria is not solely based on the Company s achievement of a specified stock price or average stock price value of the Common Stock, the Committee will determine whether the performance criteria applicable to an Award have been satisfied within 90 days following the end of the applicable performance period(s) (but not later than the March 15 following the year in which the performance period ended). Notwithstanding anything contained to the contrary in this Agreement (or in any prior award agreement), in any Award notice or in any other document (including any employment contract), in the event that the Participant s Employment is terminated prior to the Committee s determination as to the satisfaction of any performance criteria to which any Award of Performance Units or Performance Options is subject, such Performance Units or Performance Options, as applicable, will neither vest nor accelerate unless and until a determination is or has been made by the Committee that such criteria have been satisfied, at which time such Performance Units or Performance Options may vest or accelerate to the extent provided in, and in accordance with, any applicable contract and the Plan (it being understood and agreed that nothing in this Agreement shall grant any right to any such acceleration or vesting upon any such termination). For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that the criteria are determined not to have been satisfied, such Award shall immediately lapse and be forfeited. 
 5. Method of Exercise of Vested Options and Performance Options. Awards of Options and Performance Options, to the extent vested, shall be exercisable in whole or in part by the Participant delivering notice to the Plan Administrator (as defined below) in accordance with the terms of the Award. Payment for shares of Common Stock purchased upon the exercise of an Option or Performance Option, and any applicable withholding taxes, shall be made on the effective date of such exercise through any of the following means (i) in cash, by certified check, bank cashier s check or wire transfer (ii) through a brokered exercise with the Plan Administrator under which a portion of the proceeds from a sale are withheld for such exercise price and applicable taxes or (iii) if permitted by the Company at the time of exercise, by surrendering shares of Common Stock. The notification to the Plan Administrator shall be made in accordance with its procedures. The shares of Common Stock purchased upon the exercise of an Option or Performance Option shall be delivered as soon as practicable following exercise in accordance with the procedures established by the Company or the Plan Administrator from time to time. Options and Performance Options may only be exercised by the Participant or, if the Participant is incapacitated, by the Participant's guardian or legal representative provided that an exercise by a guardian or legal representative shall not be effective unless and until the Company has received evidence satisfactory to it as to the authority of such guardian or legal representative. 
 6. Distribution of Vested Units and Performance Units. As soon as administratively practicable after each applicable vesting date of an Award of Units or Performance Units (generally within three business days and in no event more than 15 business days), the Company will deliver to the Participant a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Units or Performance Units that vested as of an applicable vesting date less the number of shares, if any, withheld in satisfaction of applicable withholding taxes as discussed in Section 7(b). 
 7. Taxes. To the extent required by applicable federal, state, local or foreign law, the Participant shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations that arise with respect to an Award. The Company shall not be required to issue shares until such obligations are satisfied. The methods permitted by the Company for the payment of taxes are as follows 
 2 

(a) Options and Performance Options . In the case of Options and Performance Options, the acceptable methods for making payment for taxes shall be the same as those for payment of the exercise price for Options and Performance Options as discussed in Section 5 above. If shares of Common Stock are used to satisfy the applicable taxes, the taxes must be calculated at the Participant s minimum applicable tax rates. 
 (b) Units and Performance Units . In the case of Units and Performance Units, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Company will withhold from any shares deliverable upon the vesting of Units or Performance Units a number of shares sufficient to satisfy the minimum applicable withholding taxes provided, however, that, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Participant will be permitted to elect, in accordance with procedures adopted from time to time by the Company, to pay the tax withholding amount in cash, in which case no shares will be withheld and the Participant will be required to pay the amount of the taxes in full by the vesting date, in cash, by certified check, bank cashier s check or wire transfer. 
 8. Expiration of Awards Effect of Termination. 
 (a) Units and Performance Units . Subject to the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, except to the extent otherwise specifically provided under the terms of any Award notice with respect to Units or Performance Units (as the case may be) 
 (i) in the event the Employment of the Participant terminates for any reason (other than by the Company without Cause (as defined below) or by reason of death or Disability (as defined below)), all unvested Units and Performance Units shall be immediately forfeited 
 (ii) in the event the Employment of the Participant terminates by the Company without Cause, a Pro Rata Portion of all unvested Units or Performance Units shall, subject to the Committee s determination as to the satisfaction of any performance criteria in the case of any Performance Units (and for the avoidance of doubt, if such performance criteria is not satisfied, such Performance Units shall be forfeited) and subject to the execution of the Release (defined below), fully vest and become non-forfeitable and, in all other respects, all such Units or Performance Units shall be governed by the plans and programs and the agreements and other documents pursuant to which such Units or Performance Units were granted or 
 (iii) in the event the Employment of the Participant terminates by reason of death or Disability, all unvested Units or Performance Units shall fully vest and become non-forfeitable as of the date of death or the date of such termination, as the case may be, and, in all other respects, all such Units or Performance Units shall be governed by the plans and programs and the agreements and other documents pursuant to which such Units or Performance Units were granted. 
 (b) Options and Performance Options . The Options and Performance Options granted by the Company will expire at a date specified in the Award notice, which shall be not later than the tenth anniversary of the grant date (the Scheduled Expiration Date ). Subject to the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, except to the extent otherwise specifically provided under the terms of any Award notice with respect to Options or Performance Options (as the case may be) 
 (i) in the event the Employment of the Participant terminates for any reason (other than by the Company without Cause (as defined below) or by reason of death or Disability), (A) all unvested Options and Performance Options shall immediately expire on the date of termination and (B) the portion of any Options and Performance Options that vested prior to such termination (other than a termination for Cause (as defined below), in which event all such vested Options and Performance Options shall be immediately forfeited) shall remain exercisable until the earlier of three (3) months after such termination and the Scheduled Expiration Date and, in all other respects, shall be governed by the plans and programs and the agreements and other documents pursuant to which such Options or Performance Options, as applicable, were granted 
 3 

(ii) in the event the Employment of the Participant terminates by the Company without Cause, a Pro Rata Portion of all unvested Options or Performance Options shall, subject to the Committee s determination as to the satisfaction of any performance criteria in the case of any Performance Options (and for the avoidance of doubt, if such performance criteria is not satisfied, such Performance Options shall be forfeited) and subject to the execution of the Release, fully vest and become non-forfeitable, and such Options and Performance Options (together with the portion of any Options or Performance Options that vested prior to such termination) shall remain exercisable by the Participant until the earlier of (A) the first anniversary of such termination (or, if later, the date the performance criteria are deemed satisfied) and (B) the Scheduled Expiration Date and, in all other respects, all such Options or Performance Options shall be governed by the plans and programs and the agreements and other documents pursuant to which such Options or Performance Options were granted or 
 (iii) in the event the Employment of the Participant terminates by reason of death or Disability, all unvested Options and Performance Options shall fully vest and become non-forfeitable as of the date of death or the date of such termination, as the case may be, and such Options and Performance Options (together with the portion of any Options or Performance Options that vested prior to such death or termination) shall remain exercisable by the Participant (or, in the case of death, Participant s executor or administrator or Beneficiary (as defined below)) until the earlier of (A) the first anniversary of such death or termination and (B) the Scheduled Expiration Date and, in all other respects, all such Options or Performance Options shall be governed by the plans and programs and the agreements and other documents pursuant to which such Options or Performance Options were granted. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Pro Rata Portion means a number of Units, Performance Units, Options or Performance Options, as applicable, equal to the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Award multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to the number of days elapsed from the applicable grant date through the date that the Participant s Employment is terminated, inclusive, and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the applicable vesting schedule for such Award provided that, the Pro Rata Portion shall be reduced by a number of shares of Common Stock subject to any portion of the Award that has otherwise vested on or prior to the date of such termination. The vesting of any Pro Rata Portion in the event the Employment of the Participant terminates by the Company without Cause is conditioned on the Participant signing the Company s standard employment release agreement (the Release within the time period provided by the Company. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall have the meaning provided in any employment contract entered into between the Company and the Participant or, if not defined therein or no such contract exists, shall mean any of the following (i) the Participant s breach of the terms of any employment or other agreement with any of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, LNW (ii) the Participant s failure substantially to perform his or her duties in a satisfactory manner (iii) the Participant s material act or omission that is or may be injurious to LNW, monetarily or otherwise (iv) the Participant s material violation of LNW s policies, including the Code of Conduct (v) Participant s failure to qualify (or failure to remain qualified) under any suitability or licensing requirements to which Participant may be subject by reason of Participant s position with LNW (vi) Participant s failure to cooperate with or respond to any regulatory requests for information in connection with such licensing requirements (vii) Participant s failure to timely file required license applications (viii) the denial of any license application submitted by Participant and (ix) the Participant s commission of a felony, any other crime involving moral turpitude or any act involving dishonesty or fraud. Any rights LNW may have hereunder in respect of the events giving rise to Cause shall be in addition to the rights LNW may have under any other agreement with the Participant or at law or in equity. Any determination of whether the Participant is (or is deemed to have been) terminated for Cause shall be made, in the case where the Participant is an executive officer, by the Committee in its discretion, and in the case where the Participant is not an executive officer, by the Chief Legal Officer, in consultation with the Chief People Capability Officer. The Participant s termination for Cause shall be effective as of the date of the occurrence of the event giving rise to Cause, regardless of when the determination of Cause is made. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Beneficiary means the person, persons, trust, or trusts which have been designated by a Participant in his or her most recent written beneficiary designation filed with the Company to receive the benefits specified under the Plan upon such Participant's death. If, upon a Participant's death, there is no designated Beneficiary or surviving designated Beneficiary, then the term Beneficiary means a person, persons, trust, or trusts entitled by will or the laws of descent and distribution to receive such benefits. A Beneficiary or other person claiming 
 4 

any rights under the Plan from or through any Participant shall be subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan and any Award agreement applicable to such Participant and to any additional terms and conditions deemed necessary or appropriate by the Committee. 
 (c) Definition of Disability . For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean the Participant s becoming eligible to receive benefits under any LNW-sponsored long-term disability program under which the Participant is eligible for coverage, determined in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. 
 (d) Last Day to Exercise an Option or Performance Option . If an Option s or Performance Option s expiration date determined under this Section 8 falls on a day which is not a business day, then the last day to exercise the Option or Performance Option shall be the last business day before such date. 
 9. Other Terms. 
 (a) No Shareholder Rights . Until shares of Common Stock covered by an Award are issued to the Participant in connection with the exercise of an Option or Performance Option or the vesting of Units or Performance Units, the Participant shall have no voting, dividend or other rights as a stockholder of the Company for any purpose. 
 (b) Consideration for Grant . Participant shall not be required to pay any cash consideration for the grant of an Award. In the case of grants of Units and Performance Units, as to which cash consideration at the time of grant or vesting shall not be required, the Participant's Employment from the grant date to the date of vesting shall be deemed to be consideration for the grant, which services have a value at least equal to the aggregate par value of the shares being newly issued in connection with the grant. The foregoing notwithstanding, an Award may be granted in exchange for the Participant s surrender of another Award or other right to compensation, if and to the extent permitted by the Committee. 
 (c) Insider Trading Policy Applicable. Participant acknowledges that sales of shares received with respect to Awards will be subject to the LNW's policies regulating trading by employees. 
 10. Delays or Omissions. No delay or omission to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to any party hereto, upon any breach or default of any party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such party, nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or default thereafter occurring, nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any party of any breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver on the part of any party of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, must be in a writing signed by such party and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. 
 11. Integration. This Agreement, the Plan and the other documents, including without limitation, the Award notice, which form a part of this Agreement, and any employment contract between the Participant and the Company contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter herein. There are no restrictions, agreements, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings with respect to the subject matter hereof (except for any other agreement related to non-competition, non-solicitation, proprietary or confidential information, inventions or similar agreements) other than those expressly set forth herein. This Agreement, including, without limitation, the Plan, supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (except for any employment contract between the Participant and the Company and any other agreement related to non-competition, non-solicitation, proprietary or confidential information, inventions or similar agreements) between the parties with respect to its subject matter. The obligations under this Agreement shall supplement and be in addition to (and not replace or otherwise modify or affect) any restrictive covenant or other obligations set forth in any employment agreement, non-competition, non-solicitation, proprietary or confidential information, inventions or similar agreement and this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect even if any employment agreement, non-competition, non-solicitation, proprietary or confidential information, inventions or similar agreement, or any section thereof, is determined to be void, illegal, or otherwise unenforceable. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, obligations related to non-competition, non-solicitation, proprietary or confidential information and inventions in another agreement with Participant are 
 5 

deemed to conflict with provisions in this Agreement, then the obligation that provides the greatest protection to the Company s legitimate protectable interests shall be the controlling obligation irrespective of the sequence in which the obligations were entered into by Participant. 
 12. Governing Law Venue Forum. In order to promote uniformity and predictability of treatment concerning matters related to the Awards by the Company, the laws of the State of Nevada where the Company is incorporated will govern the Agreement, the construction of its terms, and the interpretation of the rights and duties of the parties, regardless of any conflicts of law principles of Nevada or any other state. Any legal action arising from or related to this Agreement shall be litigated in a state or federal court of competent jurisdiction located in Las Vegas, Nevada. The parties expressly consent to the personal jurisdiction of the aforementioned courts over them and waive any all objections to the foregoing venue forum selection (including, without limitation, any objection based on amount of contact with the selected venue, or the cost, convenience or location of relevant persons). 
 13. Restrictive Covenants Condition. The Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that the receipt of Awards, including any right to exercise an Option or Performance Option, receive the shares of Common Stock following a vesting date or to retain the profit from the sale of shares of Common Stock subject to an Award, is conditioned upon Participant s compliance with the restrictive covenants in Section 14-17 of this Agreement. 
 14. Noncompetition Non-solicitation. 
 (a) Participant acknowledges the highly competitive nature of the business of LNW and that Participant s access to LNW s confidential records and proprietary information and ability to develop relationships with LNW s customers and employees renders Participant special and unique within LNW s industries. Participant hereby agrees that during his or her Employment, and during the Covered Time (as defined below), Participant, alone or with others, will not perform the same or substantially the same job duties as Participant performed for the Company, directly or indirectly, (as owner, investor, partner, stockholder, employer, employee, consultant, advisor, director or otherwise) for any Competing Business. For purposes of this Section 14, Competing Business shall mean any business or operations (i) (A) involving the design, development, manufacture, production, sale, lease, license, provision, operation, or management (as the case may be) of (I) gaming machines, terminals or devices (including video or reel spinning slot machines, video poker machines, video lottery terminals and fixed odds betting terminals) (II) gaming (including server-based gaming), or other wagering systems, regardless of whether such systems are land-based, internet-based or mobile (including control and monitoring systems, local or wide-area progressive systems and redemption systems) (III) real money gaming- or social gaming-related proprietary or licensed content (including themes, entertainment and brands), platforms, websites and loyalty and customer relationship management programs regardless of whether any of the foregoing are land-based, internet-based or mobile-based (IV) social casino games, social bingo games or hyper-casual games or websites or mobile phone or tablet applications (or similar known, or hereafter existing, technologies) featuring social casino games, social bingo games or hyper-casual games or any related marketing, distribution, or other services or programs (V) interactive casino gaming products or services, including interactive casino-game themed games and platforms for websites or mobile phone or tablet applications (or similar known, or hereafter existing, technologies) (VI) gaming utility products (including shufflers, card-reading shoes, deck checkers and roulette chip sorters), table games (including live, simulated, online, social gaming, interactive and electronic) and related products and services (VII) slot accounting, casino management, casino marketing, player tracking, video lottery, bingo or similar gaming- or casino-related systems and related peripheral hardware, software and services or (VIII) ancillary products (including equipment, hardware, software, marketing materials, chairs and signage) or services (including field service, maintenance and support) related to any of the foregoing under sub-clauses (I) through (VII) above or (B) in which LNW is then or was within the previous 12 months engaged, or in which LNW, to Participant s knowledge, contemplates to engage in during Participant s Employment or the Covered Time, (ii) in which Participant is or was engaged or involved (whether in a supervisory capacity or otherwise) on behalf of LNW or with respect to which Participant has obtained proprietary or confidential information, and (iii) which is or was, to Participant s knowledge, conducted or contemplated to be conducted anywhere in the United States or in any other geographic area where LNW does business during Participant s Employment or the Covered Time. 
 (b) Participant hereby agrees that, during his or her Employment and for twelve months after the date of Participant s termination from Employment, whether voluntary or involuntary and regardless of the reason for termination, (the Termination Date ), Participant shall not, directly or indirectly (i) solicit or attempt to induce 
 6 

any of the employees, agents, consultants or representatives of LNW to terminate his, her, or its relationship with LNW (ii) solicit or attempt to induce any of the employees, agents, consultants or representatives of LNW to become employees, agents, consultants or representatives of any other person or entity or (iii) hire any person who, to Participant s actual knowledge, is, or was within 180 days prior to such hiring, an employee of LNW. 
 (c) Participant hereby agrees that, during his or her Employment and for twelve months after Participant s Termination Date, Participant shall not, without LNW s prior written consent, directly or indirectly, whether for Participant s own account or for the account of any other person, firm, corporation or business organization, solicit or perform services of a type offered by LNW, for any customer, partner, vendor, distributor, with whom Participant worked with on behalf of LNW or about which Participant received confidential information during his or her Employment. Participant shall also not solicit or provide services of a type offered by LNW to any prospective customer, partner, vendor, or distributor to whom LNW made a proposal within the last 12 months prior to the Termination Date in which the Participant participated or about which the Participant received confidential information. Participant further agrees not to solicit or attempt to induce any partner, customer, vendor or distributor of LNW to curtail or cancel any business with LNW. Participant acknowledges and agrees that the restrictions contained in this subsection 14(c) are reasonable and necessary to protect LNW s legitimate interests in its customer, partner, vendor, and distributor relationships, goodwill, and confidential information. 
 (d) Participant hereby agrees that, during his or her Employment and for twelve months after Participant s Termination Date, upon the earlier of Participant (i) negotiating with any Competitor (as defined below) concerning possible employment with the Competitor, (ii) responding to (other than for the purpose of declining) an offer of employment from a Competitor, or (iii) becoming employed by a Competitor, (A) Participant will provide copies of this Agreement to the Competitor, and (B) in the case of any circumstance described in (i), (ii), or (iii) above occurring during Participant s Employment or during the twelve months after Participant s Termination Date, Participant will promptly provide notice to the Company of such circumstances. Participant further agrees that the Company may provide notice to a Competitor of Participant s obligations under this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, Competitor shall mean any person or entity (other than LNW) that engages, directly or indirectly, in the United States or anywhere else LNW does business in any Competing Business. 
 (e) Participant understands that the restrictions in this Section 14 may limit Participant s ability to earn a livelihood in a business similar to the business of LNW where Participant s job responsibilities in the new business would be the same or substantially similar to the job duties performed for LNW during the twelve months preceding Participant s departure from LNW but nevertheless agrees and acknowledges that Participant willingly entered into this Agreement and agreed that the consideration provided under this Agreement is sufficient to justify such restrictions and that Participant agreed to be bound by these restrictions in exchange for such consideration. In consideration thereof and in light of Participant s education, skills and abilities, Participant hereby agrees that Participant will not assert in any forum that such restrictions prevent Participant from earning a living or otherwise should be held void or unenforceable. 
 (f) For purposes of this Section 14, Covered Time shall mean six months immediately following the Participant s Termination Date and, if LNW in its sole discretion elects, for up to an additional six months if LNW, in its sole discretion, to pay Participant on regular paydays an amount equal to Participant s base rate of pay at the time of termination, less standard withholdings, during this additional extended period of non- competition. LNW shall give Participant written notice of the election to extend the non-competition period at least thirty days before the expiration of the initial six-month term. The written notice of election shall be mailed to the last address LNW had on record for the Participant. 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall (i) prohibit Participant from making reports of possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity in accordance with the provisions of and rules promulgated under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or of any other whistleblower protection provisions of state or federal law or regulation, or (ii) require notification or prior approval by LNW of any reporting described in clause (i). Participant understands that activities protected by Sections 15 and 16 may include disclosure of trade secret or confidential information within the limitations permitted by the Defend Trade Secrets Act DTSA ). And, in this regard, Participant acknowledges notification that under the DTSA no individual will be held criminally or civilly liable under federal or state trade secret law for disclosure of a trade secret (as defined in the Economic Espionage Act) that is (A) 
 7 

made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or, (B) made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal so that it is not made public. And, an individual who pursues a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of the law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except as permitted by court order. 
 15. Proprietary Information Inventions. 
 (a) Participant hereby acknowledges that, during the course of his or her Employment, Participant necessarily will have (and during any affiliation with LNW prior to his or her Employment Participant may have had) access to and make use of proprietary information and confidential records of LNW. Participant covenants that Participant shall not during his or her Employment or at any time thereafter, directly or indirectly, use for his or her own purpose or for the benefit of any person or entity other than LNW, nor otherwise disclose to any person or entity, any such proprietary information, unless and to the extent such disclosure has been authorized in writing by the Company or is otherwise required by law. The term proprietary information means (i) the software products, programs, applications, and processes utilized by LNW (ii) the name or address of any customer or vendor of LNW or any information concerning the transactions or relations of any customer or vendor of LNW or with LNW (iii) any information concerning any product, technology, or procedure employed by LNW but not generally known to its customers or vendors or competitors, or under development by or being tested by LNW but not at the time offered generally to customers or vendors (iv) any information relating to LNW s computer software, computer systems, pricing or marketing methods, sales margins, cost of goods, cost of material, capital structure, operating results, borrowing arrangements or business plans (v) any information identified as confidential or proprietary in any line of business engaged in by LNW (vi) any information that, to Participant s actual knowledge, LNW ordinarily maintains as confidential or proprietary (vii) any business plans, budgets, advertising or marketing plans (viii) any information contained in any of LNW s written or oral policies and procedures or manuals (ix) any information belonging to customers, vendors or any other person or entity which LNW, to Participant s actual knowledge, has agreed to hold in confidence and (x) all written, graphic, electronic data and other material containing any of the foregoing. Participant acknowledges that information that is not novel or copyrighted or patented may nonetheless be proprietary information. The term proprietary information shall not include information generally known or available to the public or information that becomes available to Participant on an unrestricted, non-confidential basis from a source other than LNW or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents or other representatives (without breach of any obligation of confidentiality of which Participant has knowledge, after reasonable inquiry, at the time of the relevant disclosure by Participant). Notwithstanding the foregoing and Section 16, Participant may disclose or use proprietary information or confidential records solely to the extent (A) such disclosure or use may be required or appropriate in the performance of Participant s Employment, (B) required to do so by a court of law, by any governmental agency having supervisory authority over the business of LNW or by any administrative or legislative body (including a committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction to order Participant to divulge, disclose or make accessible such information (provided that in such case Participant shall first give the Company prompt written notice of any such legal requirement, disclose no more information than is so required and cooperate fully with all efforts by LNW to obtain a protective order or similar confidentiality treatment for such information), (C) such information or records becomes generally known to the public without Participant s violation of this Agreement, or (D) disclosed to Participant s spouse, attorney or personal tax and financial advisors to the extent reasonably necessary to advance Participant s tax, financial and other personal planning (each an Exempt Person provided , however , that any disclosure or use of any proprietary information or confidential records by an Exempt Person shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 15 or Section 16 by Participant. 
 (b) Participant hereby agrees that all processes, technologies and inventions (collectively, Inventions ), including new contributions, improvements, ideas and discoveries, whether patentable or not, conceived, developed, invented or made by Participant during his or her Employment (and during any affiliation with LNW prior to Participant s Employment) shall belong to the LNW, provided that such Inventions grew out of Participant s work with LNW, are related in any manner to the business (commercial or experimental) of LNW or are conceived or made on LNW s time or with the use of LNW s facilities or materials. Participant further agrees to (i) promptly disclose such Inventions to the Company (ii) assign to the LNW, without additional compensation, all patent and other rights to such Inventions for the United States and foreign countries (iii) sign all papers necessary to carry 
 8 

out the foregoing and (iv) give testimony in support of Participant s Inventions. If any Invention is described in a patent application or is disclosed to third parties, directly or indirectly, by Participant within two (2) years after the termination of Participant s Employment, it is to be presumed that the Invention was conceived or made during Participant s Employment. Participant agrees that Participant will not assert any rights to any Invention as having been made or acquired by him or her prior to the date of this Agreement, except for Inventions, if any, disclosed by Participant in writing in connection with his or her execution of this Agreement. 
 16. Confidentiality and Surrender of Records. Participant hereby agrees that Participant shall not, during his or her Employment or at any time thereafter (irrespective of the circumstances under which his or her Employment terminates), except to the extent required by law, directly or indirectly publish, make known or in any fashion disclose or retain any confidential records to, or permit any inspection or copying of confidential records by, any person or entity other than in the course of such person s or entity s employment or retention by LNW, and Participant further agrees to deliver promptly to the Company, any of the same following termination of his or her Employment for any reason or upon request by LNW. For purposes hereof, confidential records means those portions of correspondence, memoranda, files, manuals, books, lists, financial, operating or marketing records, magnetic tape, or electronic or other media or equipment of any kind in Participant s possession or under Participant s control or accessible to Participant which contain any proprietary information. All confidential records shall be and remain the sole property of the Company during Participant s Employment and thereafter. Furthermore, Participant acknowledges that he or she may also have access to information related to LNW employees, customers, players, or other individuals which is protected under the various data privacy laws to which LNW is subject and such information is also considered confidential records required to be protected under the provisions of this Agreement. 
 17. Non-disparagement. Participant hereby agrees that Participant shall not, during his or her Employment and thereafter, disparage in any material respect LNW, any of their respective businesses, any of their respective officers, directors or employees, or the reputation of any of the foregoing persons or entities, whether orally, in writing, or otherwise, directly or by implication in communication with any person, including, but not limited to, customers, partners, vendors, distributors, or independent contractors of LNW or agents with whom LNW does business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Participant from making truthful statements that are required by applicable law, regulation or legal process. 
 18. No Other Obligations. Participant hereby represents that Participant is not precluded or limited in his or her ability to undertake or perform his or her Employment by any contract, agreement or restrictive covenant. Participant covenants that Participant shall not employ the trade secrets or proprietary information of any other person in connection with his or her Employment without such person s written authorization. 
 19. Forfeiture of Outstanding Equity Awards Clawback Policies . For the avoidance of doubt, Section 8(g) of the Plan shall apply with respect to Awards the Participant may receive. 
 20. Enforcement. Participant acknowledges and agrees that, by virtue of his or her position, Employment and access to and use of confidential records and proprietary information, any violation by Participant of any of the obligations contained in this Agreement would cause LNW immediate, substantial and irreparable injury for which it has no adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, Participant hereby agrees and consents to the entry of an injunction or other equitable relief by a court of competent jurisdiction restraining any violation or threatened violation of any obligation contained in this Agreement in addition to any other remedies. Participant waives posting of any bond otherwise necessary to secure such injunction or other equitable relief or to the extent such a bond is required by law it shall be limited to an amount of 1,000. Rights and remedies provided for in this Agreement, including but not limited to injunctive relief, monetary damages, and all remedies contemplated by the Plan (including but not limited to termination or forfeiture of Awards), are cumulative and shall be in addition to rights and remedies otherwise available to the parties hereunder or under any other agreement or applicable law. 
 21. Data Privacy. For Participants in certain jurisdictions, the data privacy laws of such jurisdictions may require the Participant s consent to the use, disclosure and transfer to the Company and its Plan Administrator (as defined below) in the United States of certain personal information necessary to administer the Plan and any Awards the Participants may receive. Accordingly, if applicable, the Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s receipt of any Awards, including any right to exercise an Option or Performance Option, receive the shares of Common Stock following vesting of an award of Units or Performance Units or retain the profit from the 
 9 

sale of shares of Common Stock subject to an Award, is conditioned upon Participant s consent to the use, disclosure and transfer to the Company and its Plan Administrator in the United States of such personal information. 
 22. Plan Administrator. The Company has retained Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC Fidelity as a third-party administrator to assist in the administration and management of the Plan (the Plan Administrator ). A listing of all Awards may be viewed through the Plan Administrator s website at www.NetBenefits.com once the Participant has established an account with the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator shall handle the processing of Option and Performance Option exercises and vesting and settlement of Units and Performance Units. The Company reserves the right to replace Fidelity as the Plan Administrator at any time in the Company s sole discretion. 
 23. Participant Acknowledgment. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan. The Participant hereby acknowledges that all decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Committee in respect of the Plan, this Agreement and the Awards shall be final and conclusive. 
 24. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature. 
 25. Successors and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Agreement will be binding upon the Participant or and the Participant s beneficiaries, executors, administrators and the person(s) to whom the Award may be transferred by will or the laws of descent or distribution. 
 26. Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan or this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, and each provision of the Plan and this Agreement shall be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank. 
 10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by its duly authorized officer, and the Participant has signed this Agreement on his or her own behalf, thereby representing that he or she has carefully read and understands this Agreement and the Plan as of the day and year first written above. 
 
 LIGHT & WONDER, INC. 
 By 

___________________________________ 
 Roxane Lukas 
 Executive Vice President and Chief People Capability Officer 

PARTICIPANT 

_______________________________________ 
 PARTICIPANT NAME 
 11 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 14
 ex992.htm
 EX-99.2

Document 
 Exhibit 99.2 

 SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORPORATION (AS PREDECESSOR TO LIGHT & WONDER, INC.) 
 2003 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 AS AMENDED AND RESTATED JUNE 12, 2019 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF EQUITY AWARDS TO NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 
 
 THIS AGREEMENT, made as of the DAY day of MONTH , 20 YEAR , between LIGHT & WONDER, INC. (the Company and PARTICIPANT NAME (the Participant ). 
 WHEREAS, the Compensation Committee (the Committee administers the Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light & Wonder, Inc.) 2003 Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan 
 WHEREAS, the Committee has determined that the Participant is eligible to receive awards under the Plan by virtue of the Participant s provision of substantial services to the Company (or any of its applicable affiliates) Services and 
 WHEREAS, the Committee may from time to time approve awards for the Participant in such amounts and at such times as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion, which awards shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement and the Award notice, as such terms and conditions may be amended or supplemented from time to time by the Committee 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, the parties agree as follows. 
 1. Grants . Pursuant and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan, the Participant may be granted the following types of awards Awards with respect to the Company s Common Stock Common Stock ), pursuant to an Award notice, which will state the type of Award, the number of shares subject to the Award and any other terms determined by the Committee in its sole discretion 
 (a) Stock Options Options -- representing a right to purchase shares of the Common Stock at an exercise price per share that is equal to or greater than the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant. The Committee will generally set the exercise price of Options at the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. The Options do not become exercisable until satisfaction of an applicable vesting period. The Options are Non-Qualified Stock Options i.e. , they do not constitute incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended). 
 (b) Restricted Stock Units Units -- representing a right to receive shares of Common Stock following satisfaction of an applicable vesting period subject to the conditions, restrictions and limitations set forth in Section 6(d) of the Plan, this Agreement and the Award notice. 
 (c) Performance Conditioned Restricted Stock Units Performance Units -- representing a right to receive shares of the Common Stock following satisfaction of an applicable vesting period and subject to performance requirements established by the Committee at the time of grant, based on Company performance criteria for an annual or other applicable performance period, and subject to such other conditions, restrictions and limitations set forth in Section 7 of the Plan, this Agreement and the Award notice. 
 2. Incorporation of Plan by Reference . All terms, conditions and restrictions of the Plan are incorporated in, and made a part of, this Agreement as if stated herein. If there is any conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan, as interpreted by the Committee, shall govern. Except as otherwise provided herein, all capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Plan. 
 3. Restriction on Transfer of Awards . Awards under the Plan may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, margined, or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Participant, except for transfers upon the death of the Participant. 
 4. Vesting Schedule for Awards . Unless otherwise set forth in the applicable Award notice, an Award under the Plan will be granted with a four-year ratable vesting schedule such that 25 of the total Award will vest on each of the first four anniversaries of the grant date. In the case of Performance Units, vesting will also be conditioned on satisfaction of performance criteria established by the Committee. With respect to such Performance Units, the Committee will determine whether the performance criteria applicable to an Award have been satisfied within 90 days following the end of the applicable performance period(s) (but not later than the March 15 following the year in which the performance period ended). Notwithstanding anything contained to the contrary in this Agreement (or in any prior award agreement), in any Award notice or in any other document, in the event that the Participant s provision of Services is terminated other than as a result of death or Disability (as defined below) prior to the Committee s determination as to the satisfaction of any performance criteria to which any Award of Performance Units is subject, such Performance Units will neither vest nor accelerate unless and until a determination is or has been made by the Committee that such criteria have 
 1 

been satisfied, at which time such Performance Units may vest or accelerate to the extent provided in, and in accordance with, any applicable contract and the Plan (it being understood and agreed that nothing in this Agreement shall grant any right to any such acceleration or vesting upon any such termination). For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that the criteria are determined not to have been satisfied, such Award shall immediately lapse and be forfeited. 
 5. Method of Exercise of Vested Options . Awards of Options, to the extent vested, shall be exercisable in whole or in part by the Participant delivering notice to the Plan Administrator (as defined below) in accordance with the terms of the Award. Payment for shares of Common Stock purchased upon the exercise of an Option shall be made on the effective date of such exercise through any of the following means (i) in cash, by certified check, bank cashier s check or wire transfer (ii) through a brokered exercise with the Plan Administrator under which a portion of the proceeds from a sale are withheld for such exercise price or (iii) if permitted by the Company at the time of exercise, by surrendering shares of Common Stock. The notification to the Plan Administrator shall be made in accordance with its procedures. The shares of Common Stock purchased upon the exercise of an Option shall be delivered as soon as practicable following exercise in accordance with the procedures established by the Company or the Plan Administrator from time to time. Options may only be exercised by the Participant or, if the Participant is incapacitated, by the Participant's guardian or legal representative provided that an exercise by a guardian or legal representative shall not be effective unless and until the Company has received evidence satisfactory to it as to the authority of such guardian or legal representative. 
 6. Distribution of Vested Units and Performance Units . As soon as administratively practicable after each applicable vesting date of an Award of Units or Performance Units (generally within three business days and in no event more than 15 business days), the Company will deliver to the Participant a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Units or Performance Units that vested as of an applicable vesting date. 
 7. Taxes . The Participant shall be solely responsible for taxes under applicable federal, state, local or foreign law. 
 8. Expiration of Awards Effect of Termination . 
 (a) Units and Performance Units . Subject to the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, except to the extent otherwise specifically provided under the terms of any Award notice with respect to Units or Performance Units (as the case may be) 
 (i) in the event the provision of Services by the Participant terminates for any reason (other than by reason of death or Disability (as defined below)), all unvested Units and Performance Units shall be immediately forfeited or 
 (ii) in the event the provision of Services by the Participant terminates by reason of death or Disability, all unvested Units or Performance Units shall fully vest and become non-forfeitable as of the date of death or the date of such termination, as the case may be, and, in all other respects, all such Units or Performance Units shall be governed by the plans and programs and the agreements and other documents pursuant to which such Units or Performance Units were granted. 
 (b) Options . The Options granted by the Company will expire at a date specified in the Award notice, which shall be not later than the tenth anniversary of the grant date (the Scheduled Expiration Date ). Subject to the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, except to the extent otherwise specifically provided under the terms of any Award notice with respect to Options 
 (i) in the event the provision of Services by the Participant terminates for any reason (other than by reason of death or Disability), (A) all unvested Options shall immediately expire on the date of termination and (B) the portion of any Options that vested prior to such termination (other than a termination by reason of removal from the Board of Directors of the Company for cause, in which event all such vested Options shall be immediately forfeited) shall remain exercisable until the earlier of three (3) months after such termination and the Scheduled Expiration Date and, in all other respects, shall be governed by the plans and programs and the agreements and other documents pursuant to which such Options were granted or 
 (ii) in the event the provision of Services by the Participant terminates by reason of death or Disability, all unvested Options shall fully vest and become non-forfeitable as of the date of death or the date of such termination, as the case may be, and such Options (together with the portion of any Options that vested prior to such death or termination) shall remain exercisable by the Participant (or, in the case of death, Participant s executor or administrator or Beneficiary (as defined below)) until the earlier of (A) the first anniversary of such death or termination and (B) the Scheduled Expiration Date and, in all other respects, all such Options shall be governed by the plans and programs and the agreements and other documents pursuant to which such Options were granted. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Beneficiary means the person, persons, trust, or trusts which have been designated by a Participant in his or her most recent written beneficiary designation filed with the Company to receive the benefits specified under the Plan upon such Participant's death. If, upon a Participant's death, there is no designated Beneficiary or surviving designated Beneficiary, then the term Beneficiary means person, persons, trust, or trusts entitled by will or the laws of descent and distribution to receive such benefits. A Beneficiary or other person claiming any rights under the Plan from or through any Participant shall be subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan and any Award agreement applicable to such Participant and to any additional terms and conditions deemed necessary or appropriate by the Committee. 
 2 

(c) Definition of Disability . For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean the Participant s inability to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. 
 (d) Last Day to Exercise an Option . If an Option s expiration date determined under this Section 8 falls on a day which is not a business day, then the last day to exercise the Option shall be the last business day before such date. 
 9. Other Terms . 
 (a) No Shareholder Rights . Until shares of Common Stock covered by an Award are issued to the Participant in connection with the exercise of an Option or the vesting of Units or Performance Units, the Participant shall have no voting, dividend or other rights as a stockholder of the Company for any purpose. 
 (b) Consideration for Grant . Participant shall not be required to pay any cash consideration for the grant of an Award. In the case of grants of Units and Performance Units, as to which cash consideration at the time of grant or vesting shall not be required, the Participant's performance of Services from the grant date to the date of vesting shall be deemed to be consideration for the grant, which Services have a value at least equal to the aggregate par value of the shares being newly issued in connection with the grant. The foregoing notwithstanding, an Award may be granted in exchange for the Participant s surrender of another Award or other right to compensation, if and to the extent permitted by the Committee. 
 (c) Insider Trading Policy Applicable. Participant acknowledges that sales of shares received with respect to Awards will be subject to the policies regulating trading by directors of Company. 
 10. Delays or Omissions . No delay or omission to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to any party hereto, upon any breach or default of any party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such party, nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or default thereafter occurring, nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any party of any breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver on the part of any party of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, must be in a writing signed by such party and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. 
 11. Integration . This Agreement, the Plan, and the other documents, including, without limitation, the Award notice, which form a part of this Agreement, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to its subject matter. There are no restrictions, agreements, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings with respect to the subject matter hereof other than those expressly set forth herein. This Agreement, including, without limitation, the Plan, supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to its subject matter. 
 12. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the provisions governing conflict of laws. 
 13. Restrictive Covenants Condition . The Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that the receipt of Awards, including any right to exercise an Option, receive the shares of Common Stock following a vesting date or retains the profit from the sale of shares of Common Stock subject to an Award, is conditioned upon Participant s compliance with the restrictive covenants in Sections 14-16 of this Agreement. 
 14. Proprietary Information . Participant hereby acknowledges that, during the period of providing Services, Participant necessarily will have (and during any affiliation with any of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, LNW )) LNW prior to his Service, Participant may have had) access to and make use of proprietary information and confidential records of LNW. Participant covenants that he shall not during his provision of Services or at any time thereafter, directly or indirectly, use for his own purpose or for the benefit of any person or entity other than LNW, nor otherwise disclose to any person or entity, any such proprietary information, unless and to the extent such disclosure has been authorized in writing by the Company or is otherwise required by law. The term proprietary information means (i) the software products, programs, applications, and processes utilized by LNW (ii) the name or address of any customer or vendor of LNW or any information concerning the transactions or relations of any customer or vendor of LNW or with LNW (iii) any information concerning any product, technology, or procedure employed by LNW but not generally known to its customers or vendors or competitors, or under development by or being tested by LNW but not at the time offered generally to customers or vendors (iv) any information relating to LNW s computer software, computer systems, pricing or marketing methods, sales margins, cost of goods, cost of material, capital structure, operating results, borrowing arrangements or business plans (v) any information identified as confidential or proprietary in any line of business engaged in by LNW (vi) any information that, to Participant s actual knowledge, LNW ordinarily maintains as confidential or proprietary (vii) any business plans, budgets, advertising or marketing plans (viii) any information contained in any of LNW s written or oral policies and procedures or manuals (ix) any information belonging to customers, vendors or any other person or entity which LNW, to Participant s actual knowledge, has agreed to hold in confidence and (x) all written, graphic, electronic data and other material containing any of the foregoing. Participant acknowledges that information that is not novel or copyrighted or patented may nonetheless be proprietary information. The term proprietary information shall not include information generally known or available to the public or information that becomes available to Participant on an unrestricted, non-confidential basis from a source other than LNW or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents or other representatives (without breach of any obligation of confidentiality of which 
 3 

Participant has knowledge, after reasonable inquiry, at the time of the relevant disclosure by Participant). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Participant may disclose or use proprietary information or confidential records solely to the extent (A) such disclosure or use may be required or appropriate in connection with the provision of Services by the Participant, (B) required to do so by a court of law, by any governmental agency having supervisory authority over the business of LNW or by any administrative or legislative body (including a committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction to order Participant to divulge, disclose or make accessible such information (provided that in such case Participant shall first give the Company prompt written notice of any such legal requirement, disclose no more information than is so required and cooperate fully with all efforts by LNW to obtain a protective order or similar confidentiality treatment for such information), (C) such information or records becomes generally known to the public without Participant s violation of this Agreement, or (D) disclosed to Participant s spouse, attorney or his personal tax and financial advisors to the extent reasonably necessary to advance Participant s tax, financial and other personal planning (each an Exempt Person provided , however , that any disclosure or use of any proprietary information or confidential records by an Exempt Person shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 14 or Section 15 by Participant. 
 15. Confidentiality and Surrender of Records . Participant hereby agrees that he shall not, during the period of providing Services or at any time thereafter (irrespective of the circumstances under which his provision of Services terminates), except to the extent required by law, directly or indirectly publish, make known or in any fashion disclose or retain any confidential records to, or permit any inspection or copying of confidential records by, any person or entity other than in the course of such person s or entity s employment or retention by LNW, and Participant further agrees to deliver promptly to the Company, any of the same following termination of his provision of Services for any reason or upon request by LNW. For purposes hereof, confidential records means those portions of correspondence, memoranda, files, manuals, books, lists, financial, operating or marketing records, magnetic tape, or electronic or other media or equipment of any kind in Participant s possession or under Participant s control or accessible to Participant which contain any proprietary information. All confidential records shall be and remain the sole property of LNW during the provision of Services by the Participant and thereafter. 
 16. Non-disparagement . Participant hereby agrees that he shall not, during the period of providing and thereafter, disparage in any material respect LNW, any of their respective businesses, any of their respective officers, directors or employees, or the reputation of any of the foregoing persons or entities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Participant from making truthful statements that are required by applicable law, regulation or legal process. 
 17. No Other Obligations . Participant hereby represents that he is not precluded or limited in his ability to undertake or perform Services by any contract, agreement or restrictive covenant. Participant covenants that he shall not employ the trade secrets or proprietary information of any other person in connection with the provision of Services by the Participant without such person s authorization. 
 18. Enforcement . Participant acknowledges and agrees that, by virtue of his position, provision of the Services and access to and use of confidential records and proprietary information, any violation by Participant of any of the undertakings contained in this Agreement would cause LNW immediate, substantial and irreparable injury for which it has no adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, Participant hereby agrees and consents to the entry of an injunction or other equitable relief by a court of competent jurisdiction restraining any violation or threatened violation of any undertaking contained in this Agreement. Participant waives posting of any bond otherwise necessary to secure such injunction or other equitable relief. Rights and remedies provided for in this Agreement are cumulative and shall be in addition to rights and remedies otherwise available to the parties hereunder or under any other agreement or applicable law. 
 19. Data Privacy . For Participants in certain jurisdictions, the data privacy laws of such jurisdictions may require the Participants consent to the use and transfer of certain personal information necessary to administer the Plan and any Awards the Participants may receive. Accordingly, if applicable, the Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s receipt of any Awards, including any right to exercise an Option, receive the shares of Common Stock following vesting of an award of Units or Performance Units or retain the profit from the sale of shares of Common Stock subject to an Award, is conditioned upon Participant s consent to the use and transfer of such personal information. 
 20. Plan Administrator . The Company has retained Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC as a third-party administrator to assist in the administration and management of the Plan (the Plan Administrator or Fidelity ). A listing of all Awards may be viewed through the Plan Administrator s website at www.NetBenefits.com once the Participant has established an account with the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator shall handle the processing of Option exercises and vesting and settlement of Units and Performance Units. The Company reserves the right to replace Fidelity as the Plan Administrator at any time in the Company s sole discretion. 
 21. Participant Acknowledgment . The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan. The Participant hereby acknowledges that all decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Committee in respect of the Plan, this Agreement and the Awards shall be final and conclusive. 
 22. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature. 
 4 

23. Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Agreement will be binding upon the Director and the Director's beneficiaries, executors, administrators and the person(s) to whom the Option may be transferred by will or the laws of descent or distribution. 
 24. Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan or this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, and each provision of the Plan and this Agreement shall be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank. 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by its duly authorized officer, and the Participant has signed this Agreement on his or her own behalf, thereby representing that he or she has carefully read and understands this Agreement and the Plan as of the day and year first written above. 
 
 LIGHT & WONDER, INC. 

By 

___________________________________ 
 Roxane Lukas 
 Executive Vice President and Chief People Capability Officer 

PARTICIPANT 

_______________________________________ 
 PARTICIPANT NAME 
 6 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-99.3>
 15
 ex993.htm
 EX-99.3

Document 
 Exhibit 99.3 

 SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORPORATION (AS PREDECESSOR TO LIGHT & WONDER, INC.) 
 2003 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 AS AMENDED AND RESTATED JUNE 12, 2019 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF EQUITY AWARDS TO CONSULTANTS 
 THIS AGREEMENT, made as of the DAY day of MONTH , 20 YEAR , between Light & Wonder, Inc. (the Company and PARTICIPANT NAME (the Participant ). 
 WHEREAS, the Compensation Committee (the Committee administers the Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light & Wonder, Inc.) 2003 Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan 
 WHEREAS, the Committee has determined that the Participant is eligible to receive awards under the Plan by virtue of the Participant s provision of substantial services to the Company (or any of its applicable affiliates) Services and 
 WHEREAS, the Committee may from time to time approve awards for the Participant in such amounts and at such times as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion, which awards shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement and the Award notice, as such terms and conditions may be amended or supplemented from time to time by the Committee 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, the parties agree as follows. 
 1. Grants . Pursuant and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan, the Participant may be granted the following types of awards Awards with respect to the Company s Common Stock Common Stock ), pursuant to an Award notice, which will state the type of Award, the number of shares subject to the Award and any other terms determined by the Committee in its sole discretion 
 (a) Stock Options Options -- representing a right to purchase shares of the Common Stock at an exercise price per share that is equal to or greater than the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant. The Committee will generally set the exercise price of Options at the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. The Options do not become exercisable until satisfaction of an applicable vesting period. The Options are Non-Qualified Stock Options i.e. , they do not constitute incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended). 
 (b) Restricted Stock Units Units -- representing a right to receive shares of Common Stock following satisfaction of an applicable vesting period subject to the conditions, restrictions and limitations set forth in Section 6(d) of the Plan, this Agreement and the Award notice. 
 (c) Performance Conditioned Restricted Stock Units Performance Units -- representing a right to receive shares of the Common Stock following satisfaction of an applicable vesting period and subject to performance requirements established by the Committee at the time of grant, which may be based on Company or individual performance criteria for an annual or other applicable performance period, and subject to such other conditions, restrictions and limitations set forth in Section 7 of the Plan and in this Agreement. 
 2. Incorporation of Plan by Reference . All terms, conditions and restrictions of the Plan are incorporated in, and made a part of, this Agreement as if stated herein. If there is any conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan, as interpreted by the Committee, shall govern. Except as otherwise provided herein, all capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Plan. 
 3. Restriction on Transfer of Awards . Awards under the Plan may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, margined, or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Participant, except for transfers upon the death of the Participant. 
 4. Vesting Schedule for Awards . Unless otherwise set forth in the applicable Award notice, an Award under the Plan will be granted with a four-year ratable vesting schedule such that 25 of the total Award will vest on each of the first four anniversaries of the grant date. In the case of Performance Units, vesting will also be conditioned on satisfaction of performance criteria established by the Committee. With respect to such Performance Units, the Committee will determine whether the performance criteria applicable to an Award have been satisfied within 90 days following the end of the applicable performance period(s) (but not later than March 15 following the year in which the performance period ended). Notwithstanding anything contained to the contrary in this Agreement (or in any prior award agreement), in any Award notice or in any other document, in the event that the Participant s provision of Services is terminated other than as a result of death or Disability (as defined below) prior to the Committee s determination as to the satisfaction of any performance criteria to which any Award of Performance Units is 
 1 

subject, such Performance Units will neither vest nor accelerate unless and until a determination is or has been made by the Committee that such criteria have been satisfied, at which time such Performance Units may vest or accelerate to the extent provided in, and in accordance with, any applicable contract and the Plan (it being understood and agreed that nothing in this Agreement shall grant any right to any such acceleration or vesting upon any such termination). For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that the criteria are determined not to have been satisfied, such Award shall immediately lapse and be forfeited. 
 5. Method of Exercise of Vested Options . Awards of Options, to the extent vested, shall be exercisable in whole or in part by the Participant delivering notice to the Plan Administrator (as defined below) in accordance with the terms of the Award. Payment for shares of Common Stock purchased upon the exercise of an Option shall be made on the effective date of such exercise through any of the following means (i) in cash, by certified check, bank cashier s check or wire transfer (ii) through a brokered exercise with the Plan Administrator under which a portion of the proceeds from a sale are withheld for such exercise price or (iii) if permitted by the Company at the time of exercise, by surrendering shares of Common Stock. The notification to the Plan Administrator shall be made in accordance with its procedures. The shares of Common Stock purchased upon the exercise of an Option shall be delivered as soon as practicable following exercise in accordance with the procedures established by the Company or the Plan Administrator from time to time. Options may only be exercised by the Participant or, if the Participant is incapacitated, by the Participant's guardian or legal representative provided that an exercise by a guardian or legal representative shall not be effective unless and until the Company has received evidence satisfactory to it as to the authority of such guardian or legal representative. 
 6. Distribution of Vested Units and Performance Units . As soon as administratively practicable after each applicable vesting date of an Award of Units or Performance Units (generally within three business days and in no event more than 15 business days), the Company will deliver to the Participant a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Units or Performance Units that vested as of an applicable vesting date. 
 7. Taxes . The Participant shall be solely responsible for taxes under applicable federal, state, local or foreign law. 
 8. Expiration of Awards Effect of Termination . 
 (a) Units and Performance Units . Subject to the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, except to the extent otherwise specifically provided under the terms of any Award notice with respect to Units or Performance Units (as the case may be) 
 (i) in the event the provision of Services by the Participant terminates for any reason (other than by reason of death or Disability (as defined below)), all unvested Units and Performance Units shall be immediately forfeited or 
 (ii) in the event the provision of Services by the Participant terminates by reason of death or Disability, all unvested Units or Performance Units shall fully vest and become non-forfeitable as of the date of death or the date of such termination, as the case may be, and, in all other respects, all such Units or Performance Units shall be governed by the plans and programs and the agreements and other documents pursuant to which such Units or Performance Units were granted. 
 (b) Options . The Options granted by the Company will expire at a date specified in the Award notice, which shall be not later than the tenth anniversary of the grant date (the Scheduled Expiration Date ). Subject to the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, except to the extent otherwise specifically provided under the terms of any Award notice with respect to Options 
 (i) in the event the provision of Services by the Participant terminates for any reason (other than by reason of death or Disability), (A) all unvested Options shall immediately expire on the date of termination and (B) the portion of any Options that vested prior to such termination (other than a termination for Cause (as defined below)), in which event all such vested Options shall be immediately forfeited) shall remain exercisable until the earlier of three (3) months after such termination and the Scheduled Expiration Date and, in all other respects, shall be governed by the plans and programs and the agreements and other documents pursuant to which such Options were granted or 
 (ii) in the event the provision of Services by the Participant terminates by reason of death or Disability, all unvested Options shall fully vest and become non-forfeitable as of the date of death or the date of such termination, as the case may be, and such Options (together with the portion of any Options that vested prior to such death or termination) shall remain exercisable by the Participant (or, in the case of death, Participant s executor or administrator or Beneficiary (as defined below)) until the earlier of (A) the first anniversary of such death or termination and (B) the Scheduled Expiration Date and, in all other respects, all such Options shall be governed by the plans and programs and the agreements and other documents pursuant to which such Options were granted. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean any of the following (i) the Participant s breach of the terms of any agreement with any of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, LNW (ii) the Participant s material act or omission that is or may be injurious to LNW, monetarily or otherwise (iii) the Participant s material violation of LNW s policies applicable to Participant, including the Code of Conduct, and (iv) the Participant s commission of a felony, any other crime involving 
 2 

moral turpitude or any act involving dishonesty or fraud. Any rights LNW may have hereunder in respect of the events giving rise to Cause shall be in addition to the rights LNW may have under any other agreement with the Participant or at law or in equity. Any determination of whether the Participant s is (or is deemed to have been) terminated for Cause shall be made by the Committee in its discretion. The Participant s termination for Cause shall be effective as of the date of the occurrence of the event giving rise to Cause, regardless of when the determination of Cause is made. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Beneficiary means the person, persons, trust, or trusts which have been designated by a Participant in his or her most recent written beneficiary designation filed with the Company to receive the benefits specified under the Plan upon such Participant's death. If, upon a Participant's death, there is no designated Beneficiary or surviving designated Beneficiary, then the term Beneficiary means person, persons, trust, or trusts entitled by will or the laws of descent and distribution to receive such benefits. A Beneficiary or other person claiming any rights under the Plan from or through any Participant shall be subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan and any Award agreement applicable to such Participant and to any additional terms and conditions deemed necessary or appropriate by the Committee. 
 (c) Definition of Disability . For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean the Participant s inability to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. 
 (d) Last Day to Exercise an Option . If an Option s expiration date determined under this Section 8 falls on a day which is not a business day, then the last day to exercise the Option shall be the last business day before such date. 
 9. Other Terms . 
 (a) No Shareholder Rights . Until shares of Common Stock covered by an Award are issued to the Participant in connection with the exercise of an Option or the vesting of Units or Performance Units, the Participant shall have no voting, dividend or other rights as a stockholder of the Company for any purpose. 
 (b) Consideration for Grant . Participant shall not be required to pay any cash consideration for the grant of an Award. In the case of grants of Units and Performance Units, as to which cash consideration at the time of grant or vesting shall not be required, the Participant's performance of Services from the grant date to the date of vesting shall be deemed to be consideration for the grant, which Services have a value at least equal to the aggregate par value of the shares being newly issued in connection with the grant. The foregoing notwithstanding, an Award may be granted in exchange for the Participant s surrender of another Award or other right to compensation, if and to the extent permitted by the Committee. 
 (c) Insider Trading Policy Applicable. Participant acknowledges that sales of shares received with respect to Awards will be subject to LNW's policies regulating trading by consultants. 
 10. Delays or Omissions . No delay or omission to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to any party hereto, upon any breach or default of any party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such party, nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or default thereafter occurring, nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any party of any breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver on the part of any party of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, must be in a writing signed by such party and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. 
 11. Integration . This Agreement, the Plan, and the other documents, including, without limitation, the Award notice, which form a part of this Agreement, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to its subject matter. There are no restrictions, agreements, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings with respect to the subject matter hereof other than those expressly set forth herein. This Agreement, including, without limitation, the Plan, supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to its subject matter. 
 12. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the provisions governing conflict of laws. 
 13. Restrictive Covenants Condition . The Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that the receipt of Awards, including any right to exercise an Option, receive the shares of Common Stock following a vesting date or retains the profit from the sale of shares of Common Stock subject to an Award, is conditioned upon Participant s compliance with the restrictive covenants in Sections 14-17 of this Agreement. 
 14. Non-solicitation . 
 (a) Participant acknowledges the highly competitive nature of the business of LNW and that access to LNW s confidential records and proprietary information renders Participant special and unique within LNW s industry. Participant hereby agrees that, during the period of providing Services and during the Covered Time (defined below), Participant shall not, directly or indirectly (i) solicit or attempt to induce any of the employees, agents, consultants or representatives of LNW to terminate his, her, or its relationship with LNW (ii) solicit or attempt to induce any of the employees, agents, consultants or representatives of LNW to 
 3 

become employees, agents, consultants or representatives of any other person or entity (iii) solicit or attempt to induce any customer, vendor or distributor of LNW to curtail or cancel any business with LNW or (iv) hire any person who, to Participant s actual knowledge, is, or was within 180 days prior to such hiring, an employee of LNW. 
 (b) Participant hereby agrees that, during the Participant s period of providing Services and during the Covered Time, upon the earlier of his (i) negotiating with any Competitor (as defined below) concerning his possible employment with the Competitor, (ii) responding to (other than for the purpose of declining) an offer of employment from a Competitor, or (iii) becoming employed by a Competitor, (A) Participant will provide copies of this Agreement to the Competitor, and (B) in the case of any circumstance described in (iii) above occurring during the Covered Time, and in the case of any circumstance described in (i) or (ii) above occurring during the period in which the Participant is providing Services or during the Covered Time, Participant will promptly provide notice to the Company of such circumstances. Participant further agrees that the Company may provide notice to a Competitor of Participant s obligations under this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, Competitor shall mean any person or entity (other than LNW) that engages, directly or indirectly, in the United States in any Competing Business. For purposes of this Section 14, Competing Business shall mean any business or operations (i) (A) involving the design, development, manufacture, production, sale, lease, license, provision, operation, or management (as the case may be) of (I) instant lottery tickets or games or any related marketing, warehouse, distribution, category management or other services or programs (II) lottery-related terminals or vending machines (whether clerk-operated, self-service or otherwise), (III) gaming machines, terminals or devices (including video or reel spinning slot machines, video poker machines, video lottery terminals and fixed odds betting terminals), (IV) lottery, video gaming (including server-based gaming), sports betting or other wagering or gaming systems (including control and monitoring systems, local or wide-area progressive systems and redemption systems) (V) lottery- or gaming-related proprietary or licensed content (including themes, entertainment and brands), platforms, websites and loyalty and customer relationship management programs (including any of the foregoing relating to online play, social gaming or interactive (including internet and mobile) lottery or gaming) (VI) prepaid cellular or other phone cards or (VII) ancillary products (including equipment, hardware, software, marketing materials, chairs and signage) or services (including field service, maintenance and support) related to any of the foregoing under sub-clauses (I) through (VI) above) or (B) in which LNW is then or was within the previous 12 months engaged, or in which LNW, to Participant s knowledge, contemplates to engage in during the period in which the Participant is providing Services or the Covered Time, (ii) in which Participant is or was engaged or involved (whether in a supervisory capacity or otherwise) on behalf of LNW or with respect to which Participant has obtained proprietary or confidential information, and (iii) which is or was, to Participant s knowledge, conducted or contemplated to be conducted anywhere in the United States or in any other geographic area during Participant s period of providing Services or the Covered Time. 
 (c) For purposes of this Section 14, Covered Time shall mean the period beginning on the date of termination of Participant s provision of Services (the Date of Termination and ending twelve (12) months after the Date of Termination. 
 15. Proprietary Information . Participant hereby acknowledges that, during the period of providing Services, Participant necessarily will have (and during any affiliation with LNW prior to his Service, Participant may have had) access to and make use of proprietary information and confidential records of LNW. Participant covenants that he shall not during his provision of Services or at any time thereafter, directly or indirectly, use for his own purpose or for the benefit of any person or entity other than LNW, nor otherwise disclose to any person or entity, any such proprietary information, unless and to the extent such disclosure has been authorized in writing by the Company or is otherwise required by law. The term proprietary information means (i) the software products, programs, applications, and processes utilized by LNW (ii) the name or address of any customer or vendor of LNW or any information concerning the transactions or relations of any customer or vendor of LNW or with LNW (iii) any information concerning any product, technology, or procedure employed by LNW but not generally known to its customers or vendors or competitors, or under development by or being tested by LNW but not at the time offered generally to customers or vendors (iv) any information relating to LNW s computer software, computer systems, pricing or marketing methods, sales margins, cost of goods, cost of material, capital structure, operating results, borrowing arrangements or business plans (v) any information identified as confidential or proprietary in any line of business engaged in by LNW (vi) any information that, to Participant s actual knowledge, LNW ordinarily maintains as confidential or proprietary (vii) any business plans, budgets, advertising or marketing plans (viii) any information contained in any of LNW s written or oral policies and procedures or manuals (ix) any information belonging to customers, vendors or any other person or entity which LNW, to Participant s actual knowledge, has agreed to hold in confidence and (x) all written, graphic, electronic data and other material containing any of the foregoing. Participant acknowledges that information that is not novel or copyrighted or patented may nonetheless be proprietary information. The term proprietary information shall not include information generally known or available to the public or information that becomes available to Participant on an unrestricted, non-confidential basis from a source other than LNW or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents or other representatives (without breach of any obligation of confidentiality of which Participant has knowledge, after reasonable inquiry, at the time of the relevant disclosure by Participant). Notwithstanding the foregoing and Section 14, Participant may disclose or use proprietary information or confidential records solely to the extent (A) such disclosure or use may be required or appropriate in connection with the provision of Services by the Participant, (B) required to do so by a court of law, by any governmental agency having supervisory authority over the business of LNW or by any administrative or legislative body (including a committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction to order Participant to divulge, disclose or make accessible such information (provided that in such case Participant shall first give the Company prompt written notice of any such legal requirement, disclose no more information than is so required and cooperate fully with all efforts by LNW to obtain a protective order or similar confidentiality treatment for such information), (C) such information or records becomes generally known to the public without Participant s violation of this Agreement, or (D) disclosed to Participant s spouse, attorney or his personal tax and financial advisors to the extent reasonably necessary to advance Participant s tax, financial and other personal planning (each an Exempt Person provided , however , that any 
 4 

disclosure or use of any proprietary information or confidential records by an Exempt Person shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 14 or Section 15 by Participant. 
 16. Confidentiality and Surrender of Records . Participant hereby agrees that he shall not, during the period of providing Services or at any time thereafter (irrespective of the circumstances under which his provision of Services terminates), except to the extent required by law, directly or indirectly publish, make known or in any fashion disclose or retain any confidential records to, or permit any inspection or copying of confidential records by, any person or entity other than in the course of such person s or entity s employment or retention by LNW, and Participant further agrees to deliver promptly to the Company, any of the same following termination of his provision of Services for any reason or upon request by LNW. For purposes hereof, confidential records means those portions of correspondence, memoranda, files, manuals, books, lists, financial, operating or marketing records, magnetic tape, or electronic or other media or equipment of any kind in Participant s possession or under Participant s control or accessible to Participant which contain any proprietary information. All confidential records shall be and remain the sole property of LNW during the provision of Services by the Participant and thereafter. 
 17. Non-disparagement . Participant hereby agrees that he shall not, during the period of providing Services and thereafter, disparage in any material respect LNW, any of their respective businesses, any of their respective officers, directors or employees, or the reputation of any of the foregoing persons or entities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Participant from making truthful statements that are required by applicable law, regulation or legal process. 
 18. No Other Obligations . Participant hereby represents that he is not precluded or limited in his ability to undertake or perform Services by any contract, agreement or restrictive covenant. Participant covenants that he shall not employ the trade secrets or proprietary information of any other person in connection with the provision of Services by the Participant without such person s authorization. 
 19. Enforcement . Participant acknowledges and agrees that, by virtue of his position, provision of the Services and access to and use of confidential records and proprietary information, any violation by Participant of any of the undertakings contained in this Agreement would cause LNW immediate, substantial and irreparable injury for which it has no adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, Participant hereby agrees and consents to the entry of an injunction or other equitable relief by a court of competent jurisdiction restraining any violation or threatened violation of any undertaking contained in this Agreement. Participant waives posting of any bond otherwise necessary to secure such injunction or other equitable relief. Rights and remedies provided for in this Agreement are cumulative and shall be in addition to rights and remedies otherwise available to the parties hereunder or under any other agreement or applicable law. 
 20. Data Privacy . For Participants in certain jurisdictions, the data privacy laws of such jurisdictions may require the Participants consent to the use and transfer of certain personal information necessary to administer the Plan and any Awards the Participants may receive. Accordingly, if applicable, the Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s receipt of any Awards, including any right to exercise an Option, receive the shares of Common Stock following vesting of an award of Units or Performance Units or retain the profit from the sale of shares of Common Stock subject to an Award, is conditioned upon Participant s consent to the use and transfer of such personal information. 
 21. Plan Administrator . The Company has retained Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC as a third-party administrator to assist in the administration and management of the Plan (the Plan Administrator or Fidelity ). A listing of all Awards may be viewed through the Plan Administrator s website at www.NetBenefits.com once the Participant has established an account with the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator shall handle the processing of Option exercises and vesting and settlement of Units and Performance Units. The Company reserves the right to replace Fidelity as the Plan Administrator at any time in the Company s sole discretion. 
 22. Participant Acknowledgment . The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan. The Participant hereby acknowledges that all decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Committee in respect of the Plan, this Agreement and the Awards shall be final and conclusive. 
 23. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature. 
 24. Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Agreement will be binding upon the Participant and the Participant s beneficiaries, executors, administrators and the person(s) to whom the Option may be transferred by will or the laws of descent or distribution. 
 25. Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan or this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, and each provision of the Plan and this Agreement shall be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by its duly authorized officer, and the Participant has signed this Agreement on his or her own behalf, thereby representing that he or she has carefully read and understands this Agreement and the Plan as of the day and year first written above. 
 
 LIGHT & WONDER, INC. 

By 

___________________________________ 
 Roxane Lukas 
 Executive Vice President and Chief People Capability Officer 

PARTICIPANT 

_______________________________________ 
 PARTICIPANT NAME 
 6 

</EX-99.3>

<EX-99.4>
 16
 ex994.htm
 EX-99.4

Document 
 Exhibit 99.4 

 SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORPORATION (AS PREDECESSOR TO LIGHT & WONDER, INC.) 
 2003 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 AS AMENDED AND RESTATED JUNE 12, 2019 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF EQUITY AWARDS TO KEY EMPLOYEES 
 THIS AGREEMENT, made as of the DAY day of MONTH , 20 YEAR , between Light & Wonder, Inc. (the Company and PARTICIPANT NAME (the Participant ). 
 WHEREAS, the Compensation Committee (the Committee administers the Scientific Games Corporation (as predecessor to Light & Wonder, Inc.) 2003 Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan 
 WHEREAS, the Participant is eligible to receive awards under the Plan in connection with the Participant s employment with the Company (or any of its applicable affiliates) Employment and 
 WHEREAS, the Committee may from time to time approve awards for the Participant in such amounts and at such times as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion, which awards shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, as such terms and conditions may be amended or supplemented from time to time by the Committee 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Grants . Pursuant and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan, the Participant may be granted the following types of awards Awards with respect to the Company s Common Stock Common Stock ), pursuant to an Award notice, which will state the type of Award, the number of shares subject to the Award and any other terms determined by the Committee in its sole discretion 
 (a) Stock Options Options -- representing a right to purchase shares of the Common Stock at an exercise price per share that is equal to or greater than the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant. The Committee will generally set the exercise price of Options at the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. The Options and Performance Options (as defined below) do not become exercisable until satisfaction of an applicable vesting period. The Options and Performance Options are Non-Qualified Stock Options i.e. , they do not constitute incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Code )). 
 (b) Restricted Stock Units Units -- representing a right to receive shares of Common Stock following satisfaction of an applicable vesting period subject to the conditions, restrictions and limitations set forth in Section 6(d) of the Plan, this Agreement and the Award notice. 
 (c) Performance Conditioned Restricted Stock Units Performance Units or Stock Options Performance Options -- representing (i) with respect to Performance Units, a right to receive shares of the Common Stock and (ii) with respect to Performance Options, a right to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise price per share that is equal to or greater than the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant, in both cases, following satisfaction of an applicable vesting period and subject to performance requirements established by the Committee at the time of grant, which may be based on Company or individual performance criteria for an annual or other applicable performance period, and subject to such other conditions, restrictions and limitations set forth in Section 7 of the Plan, this Agreement and the Award notice. 
 2. Incorporation of Plan by Reference . All terms, conditions and restrictions of the Plan are incorporated in, and made a part of, this Agreement as if stated herein. If there is any conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan, as interpreted by the Committee, shall govern. Except as otherwise provided herein, all capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Plan. In addition, if there is any conflict between this Agreement and the terms of any written employment contract between the Participant and the Company (or any of its applicable affiliates), the terms of the written employment contract will govern (except to the extent the terms set forth in this Agreement or the Award notice expressly apply notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in such employment contract), subject to the mandatory terms of the Plan. 
 3. Restriction on Transfer of Awards . Awards under the Plan may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, margined, or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Participant, except for transfers upon the death of the Participant. 
 4. Vesting Schedule for Awards . Unless otherwise set forth in the applicable Award notice, an Award under the Plan will be granted with a four-year ratable vesting schedule such that 25 of the total Award will vest on each of the first four anniversaries of the grant date. In the case of Performance Units and Performance Options, vesting will also be conditioned on satisfaction of performance criteria established by the Committee. With respect to such Performance Units and Performance Options, where the applicable performance criteria is not solely based on the Company s achievement of a specified stock price or average stock price value of the Common Stock, the Committee will determine whether the performance criteria applicable to an Award have been satisfied within 90 days following the end of the applicable performance period(s) (but not later than the March 15 
 1 

following the year in which the performance period ended). Notwithstanding anything contained to the contrary in this Agreement (or in any prior award agreement), in any Award notice or in any other document (including any employment contract), in the event that the Participant s Employment is terminated other than as a result of death or Disability (as defined below) prior to the Committee s determination as to the satisfaction of any performance criteria to which any Award of Performance Units or Performance Options is subject, such Performance Units or Performance Options, as applicable, will neither vest nor accelerate unless and until a determination is or has been made by the Committee that such criteria have been satisfied, at which time such Performance Units or Performance Options may vest or accelerate to the extent provided in, and in accordance with, any applicable contract and the Plan (it being understood and agreed that nothing in this Agreement shall grant any right to any such acceleration or vesting upon any such termination). For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that the criteria are determined not to have been satisfied, such Award shall immediately lapse and be forfeited. 
 5. Method of Exercise of Vested Options and Performance Options . Awards of Options and Performance Options, to the extent vested, shall be exercisable in whole or in part by the Participant delivering notice to the Plan Administrator (as defined below) in accordance with the terms of the Award. Payment for shares of Common Stock purchased upon the exercise of an Option or Performance Option, and any applicable withholding taxes, shall be made on the effective date of such exercise through any of the following means (i) in cash, by certified check, bank cashier s check or wire transfer (ii) through a brokered exercise with the Plan Administrator under which a portion of the proceeds from a sale are withheld for such exercise price and applicable taxes or (iii) if permitted by the Company at the time of exercise, by surrendering shares of Common Stock. The notification to the Plan Administrator shall be made in accordance with its procedures. The shares of Common Stock purchased upon the exercise of an Option or Performance Option shall be delivered as soon as practicable following exercise in accordance with the procedures established by the Company or the Plan Administrator from time to time. Options and Performance Options may only be exercised by the Participant or, if the Participant is incapacitated, by the Participant's guardian or legal representative provided that an exercise by a guardian or legal representative shall not be effective unless and until the Company has received evidence satisfactory to it as to the authority of such guardian or legal representative. 
 6. Distribution of Vested Units and Performance Units . As soon as administratively practicable after each applicable vesting date of an Award of Units or Performance Units (generally within three business days and in no event more than 15 business days), the Company will deliver to the Participant a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Units or Performance Units that vested as of an applicable vesting date less the number of shares, if any, withheld in satisfaction of applicable withholding taxes as discussed in Section 7(b). 
 7. Taxes . To the extent required by applicable federal, state, local or foreign law, the Participant shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations that arise with respect to an Award. The Company shall not be required to issue shares until such obligations are satisfied. The methods permitted by the Company for the payment of taxes are as follows 
 (a) Options and Performance Options . In the case of Options and Performance Options, the acceptable methods for making payment for taxes shall be the same as those for payment of the exercise price for Options and Performance Options as discussed in Section 5 above. If shares of Common Stock are used to satisfy the applicable taxes, the taxes must be calculated at the Participant s minimum applicable tax rates. 
 (b) Units and Performance Units . In the case of Units and Performance Units, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Company will withhold from any shares deliverable upon the vesting of Units or Performance Units a number of shares sufficient to satisfy the minimum applicable withholding taxes provided, however, that, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Participant will be permitted to elect, in accordance with procedures adopted from time to time by the Company, to pay the tax withholding amount in cash, in which case no shares will be withheld and the Participant will be required to pay the amount of the taxes in full by the vesting date, in cash, by certified check, bank cashier s check or wire transfer. 
 8. Expiration of Awards Effect of Termination . 
 (a) Units and Performance Units . Subject to the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, except to the extent otherwise specifically provided under the terms of any Award notice with respect to Units or Performance Units (as the case may be) 
 (i) in the event the Employment of the Participant terminates for any reason (other than by reason of death or Disability (as defined below)), all unvested Units and Performance Units shall be immediately forfeited or 
 (ii) in the event the Employment of the Participant terminates by reason of death or Disability, all unvested Units or Performance Units shall fully vest and become non-forfeitable as of the date of death or the date of such termination, as the case may be, and, in all other respects, all such Units or Performance Units shall be governed by the plans and programs and the agreements and other documents pursuant to which such Units or Performance Units were granted. 
 (b) Options and Performance Options . The Options and Performance Options granted by the Company will expire at a date specified in the Award notice, which shall be not later than the tenth anniversary of the grant date (the Scheduled Expiration Date ). Subject to the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, except to the extent otherwise specifically provided under the terms of any Award notice with respect to Options or Performance Options (as the case may be) 
 2 

(i) in the event the Employment of the Participant terminates for any reason (other than by reason of death or Disability), (A) all unvested Options and Performance Options shall immediately expire on the date of termination and (B) the portion of any Options and Performance Options that vested prior to such termination (other than a termination for Cause (as defined below), in which event all such vested Options and Performance Options shall be immediately forfeited) shall remain exercisable until the earlier of three (3) months after such termination and the Scheduled Expiration Date and, in all other respects, shall be governed by the plans and programs and the agreements and other documents pursuant to which such Options or Performance Options, as applicable, were granted or 
 (ii) in the event the Employment of the Participant terminates by reason of death or Disability, all unvested Options or Performance Options shall fully vest and become non-forfeitable as of the date of death or the date of such termination, as the case may be, and such Options or Performance Options (together with the portion of any Options or Performance Options that vested prior to such death or termination) shall remain exercisable by the Participant (or, in the case of death, Participant s executor or administrator or Beneficiary (as defined below)) until the earlier of (A) the first anniversary of such death or termination and (B) the Scheduled Expiration Date and, in all other respects, all such Options or Performance Options shall be governed by the plans and programs and the agreements and other documents pursuant to which such Options or Performance Options were granted. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall have the meaning provided in any employment contract entered into between the Company and the Participant or, if not defined therein or no such contract exists, shall mean any of the following (i) the Participant s breach of the terms of any employment or other agreement with any of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, LNW (ii) the Participant s failure substantially to perform his or her duties (iii) the Participant s material act or omission that is or may be injurious to the LNW, monetarily or otherwise (iv) the Participant s material violation of the LNW s policies, including the Code of Conduct and (v) the Participant s commission of a felony, any other crime involving moral turpitude or any act involving dishonesty or fraud. Any rights LNW may have hereunder in respect of the events giving rise to Cause shall be in addition to the rights LNW may have under any other agreement with the Participant or at law or in equity. Any determination of whether the Participant is (or is deemed to have been) terminated for Cause shall be made by the Committee in its discretion. The Participant s termination for Cause shall be effective as of the date of the occurrence of the event giving rise to Cause, regardless of when the determination of Cause is made. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Beneficiary means the person, persons, trust, or trusts which have been designated by a Participant in his or her most recent written beneficiary designation filed with the Company to receive the benefits specified under the Plan upon such Participant's death. If, upon a Participant's death, there is no designated Beneficiary or surviving designated Beneficiary, then the term Beneficiary means a person, persons, trust, or trusts entitled by will or the laws of descent and distribution to receive such benefits. A Beneficiary or other person claiming any rights under the Plan from or through any Participant shall be subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan and any Award agreement applicable to such Participant and to any additional terms and conditions deemed necessary or appropriate by the Committee. 
 (c) Definition of Disability . For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean the Participant s becoming eligible to receive benefits under any LNW-sponsored long-term disability program under which the Participant is eligible for coverage, determined in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. 
 (d) Last Day to Exercise an Option or Performance Option . If an Option s or Performance Option s expiration date determined under this Section 8 falls on a day which is not a business day, then the last day to exercise the Option or Performance Option shall be the last business day before such date. 
 9. Other Terms . 
 (a) No Shareholder Rights . Until shares of Common Stock covered by an Award are issued to the Participant in connection with the exercise of an Option or Performance Option or the vesting of Units or Performance Units, the Participant shall have no voting, dividend or other rights as a stockholder of the Company for any purpose. 
 (b) Consideration for Grant . Participant shall not be required to pay any cash consideration for the grant of an Award. In the case of grants of Units and Performance Units, as to which cash consideration at the time of grant or vesting shall not be required, the Participant's Employment from the grant date to the date of vesting shall be deemed to be consideration for the grant, which services have a value at least equal to the aggregate par value of the shares being newly issued in connection with the grant. The foregoing notwithstanding, an Award may be granted in exchange for the Participant s surrender of another Award or other right to compensation, if and to the extent permitted by the Committee. 
 (c) Insider Trading Policy Applicable. Participant acknowledges that sales of shares received with respect to Awards will be subject to the LNW's policies regulating trading by employees. 
 10. Delays or Omissions . No delay or omission to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to any party hereto, upon any breach or default of any party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such party, nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or default thereafter occurring, nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any party of any 
 3 

breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver on the part of any party of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, must be in a writing signed by such party and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. 
 11. Integration . This Agreement, the Plan and the other documents, including without limitation, the Award notice, which form a part of this Agreement, and any employment contract between the Participant and the Company contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter herein. There are no restrictions, agreements, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings with respect to the subject matter hereof (except for any other agreement related to non-competition, non-solicitation, proprietary or confidential information, inventions or similar agreements) other than those expressly set forth herein. This Agreement, including, without limitation, the Plan, supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (except for any employment contract between the Participant and the Company and any other agreement related to non-competition, non-solicitation, proprietary or confidential information, inventions or similar agreements) between the parties with respect to its subject matter. The obligations under this Agreement shall supplement and be in addition to (and not replace or otherwise modify or affect) any restrictive covenant or other obligations set forth in any employment agreement, non-competition, non-solicitation, proprietary or confidential information, inventions or similar agreement and this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect even if any employment agreement, non-competition, non-solicitation, proprietary or confidential information, inventions or similar agreement, or any section thereof, is determined to be void, illegal, or otherwise unenforceable. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, obligations related to non-competition, non-solicitation, proprietary or confidential information and inventions in another agreement with Participant are deemed to conflict with provisions in this Agreement, then the obligation that provides the greatest protection to the Company s legitimate protectable interests shall be the controlling obligation irrespective of the sequence in which the obligations were entered into by Participant. 
 12. Governing Law Venue Forum . In order to promote uniformity and predictability of treatment concerning matters related to the Awards by the Company, the laws of the State of Delaware where the Company is incorporated will govern the Agreement, the construction of its terms, and the interpretation of the rights and duties of the parties, regardless of any conflicts of law principles of Delaware or any other state. Any legal action arising from or related to this Agreement shall be litigated in a state or federal court of competent jurisdiction located in Las Vegas, Nevada. The parties expressly consent to the personal jurisdiction of the aforementioned courts over them and waive any all objections to the foregoing venue forum selection (including, without limitation, any objection based on amount of contact with the selected venue, or the cost, convenience or location of relevant persons). 
 13. Restrictive Covenants Condition . The Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that the receipt of Awards, including any right to exercise an Option or Performance Option, receive the shares of Common Stock following a vesting date or retains the profit from the sale of shares of Common Stock subject to an Award, is conditioned upon Participant s compliance with the restrictive covenants in Section 14-17 of this Agreement. 
 14. Noncompetition Non-solicitation . 
 (a) Participant acknowledges the highly competitive nature of the business of LNW and that Participant s access to LNW s confidential records and proprietary information and ability to develop relationships with LNW s customers and employees renders Participant special and unique within LNW s industry. Participant hereby agrees that during his or her Employment, and during the Covered Time (as defined below), Participant, alone or with others, will not, directly or indirectly, engage (as owner, investor, partner, stockholder, employer, employee, consultant, advisor, director or otherwise) in any Competing Business. For purposes of this Section 14, Competing Business shall mean any business or operations (i) (A) involving the design, development, manufacture, production, sale, lease, license, provision, operation, or management (as the case may be) of (I) instant lottery tickets or games or any related marketing, warehouse, distribution, category management or other services or programs (II) lottery-related terminals or vending machines (whether clerk-operated, self-service or otherwise) (III) gaming machines, terminals or devices (including video or reel spinning slot machines, video poker machines, video lottery terminals and fixed odds betting terminals) (IV) lottery, video gaming (including server-based gaming), sports betting or other wagering or gaming systems, regardless of whether such systems are land-based, internet-based or mobile (including control and monitoring systems, local or wide-area progressive systems and redemption systems) (V) lottery-, real money gaming- or social gaming-related proprietary or licensed content (including themes, entertainment and brands), platforms, websites and loyalty and customer relationship management programs regardless of whether any of the foregoing are land-based, internet-based or mobile-based (VI) social casino games or websites or mobile phone or tablet applications (or similar known, or hereafter existing, technologies) featuring social casino games or any related marketing, distribution, or other services or programs (VII) interactive casino gaming products or services, including interactive casino-game themed games and platforms for websites or mobile phone or tablet applications (or similar known, or hereafter existing, technologies) (VIII) gaming utility products (including shufflers, card-reading shoes, deck checkers and roulette chip sorters), table games (including live, simulated, online, social gaming, interactive and electronic) and related products and services (IX) slot accounting, casino management, casino marketing, player tracking, lottery, video lottery, bingo or similar gaming- or casino-related systems and related peripheral hardware, software and services (X) prepaid cellular or other phone cards or (XI) ancillary products (including equipment, hardware, software, marketing materials, chairs and signage) or services (including field service, maintenance and support) related to any of the foregoing under sub-clauses (I) through (X) above or (B) in which LNW is then or was within the previous 12 months engaged, or in which LNW, to Participant s knowledge, contemplates to engage in during Participant s Employment or the Covered Time, (ii) in which Participant is or was engaged or involved (whether in a supervisory capacity or otherwise) on behalf of LNW or with respect to which Participant has obtained proprietary or confidential information, and (iii) which is or was, to Participant s knowledge, conducted or contemplated to be conducted anywhere in the United States or in any other geographic area where LNW does business during Participant s Employment or the Covered Time. 
 4 

(b) Participant hereby agrees that, during his or her Employment and for twelve months after the date of Participant s termination from Employment, whether voluntary or involuntary and regardless of the reason for termination, (the Termination Date ), Participant shall not, directly or indirectly (i) solicit or attempt to induce any of the employees, agents, consultants or representatives of LNW to terminate his, her, or its relationship with LNW (ii) solicit or attempt to induce any of the employees, agents, consultants or representatives of LNW to become employees, agents, consultants or representatives of any other person or entity or (iii) hire any person who, to Participant s actual knowledge, is, or was within 180 days prior to such hiring, an employee of LNW. 
 (c) Participant hereby agrees that, during his or her Employment and for twelve months after Participant s Termination Date, Participant shall not, without LNW s prior written consent, directly or indirectly, whether for Participant s own account or for the account of any other person, firm, corporation or business organization, solicit or perform services of a type offered by LNW, for any customer, partner, vendor, distributor, with whom Participant worked with on behalf of LNW or about which Participant received confidential information during his or her Employment. Participant shall also not solicit or provide services of a type offered by LNW to any prospective customer, partner, vendor, or distributor to whom LNW made a proposal within the last 12 months prior to the Termination Date in which the Participant participated or about which the Participant received confidential information. Participant further agrees not to solicit or attempt to induce any partner, customer, vendor or distributor of LNW to curtail or cancel any business with LNW. Participant acknowledges and agrees that the restrictions contained in this subsection 14(c) are reasonable and necessary to protect LNW s legitimate interests in its customer, partner, vendor, and distributor relationships, goodwill, and confidential information. 
 (d) Participant hereby agrees that, during his or her Employment and for twelve months after Participant s Termination Date, upon the earlier of Participant (i) negotiating with any Competitor (as defined below) concerning possible employment with the Competitor, (ii) responding to (other than for the purpose of declining) an offer of employment from a Competitor, or (iii) becoming employed by a Competitor, (A) Participant will provide copies of this Agreement to the Competitor, and (B) in the case of any circumstance described in (i), (ii), or (iii) above occurring during Participant s Employment or during the twelve months after Participant s Termination Date, Participant will promptly provide notice to the Company of such circumstances. Participant further agrees that the Company may provide notice to a Competitor of Participant s obligations under this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, Competitor shall mean any person or entity (other than LNW) that engages, directly or indirectly, in the United States or anywhere else LNW does business in any Competing Business. 
 (e) Participant understands that the restrictions in this Section 14 may limit Participant s ability to earn a livelihood in a business similar to the business of LNW but nevertheless agrees and acknowledges that Participant willingly entered into this Agreement and agreed that the consideration provided under this Agreement is sufficient to justify such restrictions and that Participant agreed to be bound by these restrictions in exchange for such consideration. In consideration thereof and in light of Participant s education, skills and abilities, Participant hereby agrees that Participant will not assert in any forum that such restrictions prevent Participant from earning a living or otherwise should be held void or unenforceable. 
 (f) For purposes of this Section 14, Covered Time shall mean six months immediately following the Participant s Termination Date and, if LNW in its sole discretion elects, for up to an additional six months if LNW, in its sole discretion, to pay Participant on regular paydays an amount equal to Participant s base rate of pay at the time of termination, less standard withholdings, during this additional period of non-competition. LNW shall give Participant written notice of the election to extend the non-competition period at least thirty days before the expiration of the initial six-month term. The written notice of election shall be mailed to the last address LNW had on record for the Participant. 
 15. Proprietary Information Inventions. 
 (a) Participant hereby acknowledges that, during the course of his or her Employment, Participant necessarily will have (and during any affiliation with LNW prior to his or her Employment Participant may have had) access to and make use of proprietary information and confidential records of LNW. Participant covenants that Participant shall not during his or her Employment or at any time thereafter, directly or indirectly, use for his or her own purpose or for the benefit of any person or entity other than LNW, nor otherwise disclose to any person or entity, any such proprietary information, unless and to the extent such disclosure has been authorized in writing by the Company or is otherwise required by law. The term proprietary information means (i) the software products, programs, applications, and processes utilized by LNW (ii) the name or address of any customer or vendor of LNW or any information concerning the transactions or relations of any customer or vendor of LNW or with LNW (iii) any information concerning any product, technology, or procedure employed by LNW but not generally known to its customers or vendors or competitors, or under development by or being tested by LNW but not at the time offered generally to customers or vendors (iv) any information relating to LNW s computer software, computer systems, pricing or marketing methods, sales margins, cost of goods, cost of material, capital structure, operating results, borrowing arrangements or business plans (v) any information identified as confidential or proprietary in any line of business engaged in by LNW (vi) any information that, to Participant s actual knowledge, LNW ordinarily maintains as confidential or proprietary (vii) any business plans, budgets, advertising or marketing plans (viii) any information contained in any of LNW s written or oral policies and procedures or manuals (ix) any information belonging to customers, vendors or any other person or entity which LNW, to Participant s actual knowledge, has agreed to hold in confidence and (x) all written, graphic, electronic data and other material containing any of the foregoing. Participant acknowledges that information that is not novel or copyrighted or patented may nonetheless be proprietary information. The term proprietary information shall not include information generally known or available to the public or information that becomes available to Participant on an unrestricted, non-confidential basis from a source other than LNW or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents or other representatives (without breach of any obligation of confidentiality of which Participant has knowledge, after reasonable inquiry, at the time of the relevant disclosure by Participant). Notwithstanding the 
 5 

foregoing and Section 16, Participant may disclose or use proprietary information or confidential records solely to the extent (A) such disclosure or use may be required or appropriate in the performance of Participant s Employment, (B) required to do so by a court of law, by any governmental agency having supervisory authority over the business of LNW or by any administrative or legislative body (including a committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction to order Participant to divulge, disclose or make accessible such information (provided that in such case Participant shall first give the Company prompt written notice of any such legal requirement, disclose no more information than is so required and cooperate fully with all efforts by LNW to obtain a protective order or similar confidentiality treatment for such information), (C) such information or records becomes generally known to the public without Participant s violation of this Agreement, or (D) disclosed to Participant s spouse, attorney or personal tax and financial advisors to the extent reasonably necessary to advance Participant s tax, financial and other personal planning (each an Exempt Person provided , however , that any disclosure or use of any proprietary information or confidential records by an Exempt Person shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 15 or Section 16 by Participant. Furthermore, nothing in this subsection 15(a) and nothing in this Agreement or any other agreement between Participant and LNW shall in any way prohibit Participant from making reports of possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity in accordance with the provisions of and rules promulgated under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or of any other whistleblower protection provisions of state or federal law or regulation, or (ii) require notification or prior approval by the Company of any reporting described in clause (i). 
 (b) Participant hereby agrees that all processes, technologies and inventions (collectively, Inventions ), including new contributions, improvements, ideas and discoveries, whether patentable or not, conceived, developed, invented or made by Participant during his or her Employment (and during any affiliation with LNW prior to Participant s Employment) shall belong to the LNW, provided that such Inventions grew out of Participant s work with LNW, are related in any manner to the business (commercial or experimental) of LNW or are conceived or made on LNW s time or with the use of LNW s facilities or materials. Participant further agrees to (i) promptly disclose such Inventions to the Company (ii) assign to the LNW, without additional compensation, all patent and other rights to such Inventions for the United States and foreign countries (iii) sign all papers necessary to carry out the foregoing and (iv) give testimony in support of Participant s Inventions. If any Invention is described in a patent application or is disclosed to third parties, directly or indirectly, by Participant within two (2) years after the termination of Participant s Employment, it is to be presumed that the Invention was conceived or made during Participant s Employment. Participant agrees that Participant will not assert any rights to any Invention as having been made or acquired by him or her prior to the date of this Agreement, except for Inventions, if any, disclosed by Participant in writing in connection with his or her execution of this Agreement. 
 16. Confidentiality and Surrender of Records . Participant hereby agrees that Participant shall not, during his or her Employment or at any time thereafter (irrespective of the circumstances under which his or her Employment terminates), except to the extent required by law, directly or indirectly publish, make known or in any fashion disclose or retain any confidential records to, or permit any inspection or copying of confidential records by, any person or entity other than in the course of such person s or entity s employment or retention by LNW, and Participant further agrees to deliver promptly to the Company, any of the same following termination of his or her Employment for any reason or upon request by LNW. For purposes hereof, confidential records means those portions of correspondence, memoranda, files, manuals, books, lists, financial, operating or marketing records, magnetic tape, or electronic or other media or equipment of any kind in Participant s possession or under Participant s control or accessible to Participant which contain any proprietary information. All confidential records shall be and remain the sole property of the Company during Participant s Employment and thereafter. 
 17. Non-disparagement . Participant hereby agrees that Participant shall not, during his or her Employment and thereafter, disparage in any material respect LNW, any of their respective businesses, any of their respective officers, directors or employees, or the reputation of any of the foregoing persons or entities, whether orally, in writing, or otherwise, directly or by implication in communication with any person, including, but not limited to, customers, partners, vendors, distributors, or independent contractors of LNW or agents with whom LNW does business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Participant from making truthful statements that are required by applicable law, regulation or legal process. 
 18. No Other Obligations . Participant hereby represents that Participant is not precluded or limited in his or her ability to undertake or perform his or her Employment by any contract, agreement or restrictive covenant. Participant covenants that Participant shall not employ the trade secrets or proprietary information of any other person in connection with his or her Employment without such person s authorization. 
 19. Enforcement . Participant acknowledges and agrees that, by virtue of his or her position, Employment and access to and use of confidential records and proprietary information, any violation by Participant of any of the obligations contained in this Agreement would cause LNW immediate, substantial and irreparable injury for which it has no adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, Participant hereby agrees and consents to the entry of an injunction or other equitable relief by a court of competent jurisdiction restraining any violation or threatened violation of any obligation contained in this Agreement in addition to any other remedies. Participant waives posting of any bond otherwise necessary to secure such injunction or other equitable relief or to the extent such a bond is required by law it shall be limited to an amount of 1,000. Rights and remedies provided for in this Agreement, including but not limited to injunctive relief, monetary damages, and all remedies contemplated by the Plan (including but not limited to termination or forfeiture of Awards), are cumulative and shall be in addition to rights and remedies otherwise available to the parties hereunder or under any other agreement or applicable law. 
 20. Data Privacy . For Participants in certain jurisdictions, the data privacy laws of such jurisdictions may require the Participant s consent to the use, disclosure and transfer to the Company and its Plan Administrator (as defined below) in the United 
 6 

States of certain personal information necessary to administer the Plan and any Awards the Participants may receive. Accordingly, if applicable, the Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s receipt of any Awards, including any right to exercise an Option or Performance Option, receive the shares of Common Stock following vesting of an award of Units or Performance Units or retain the profit from the sale of shares of Common Stock subject to an Award, is conditioned upon Participant s consent to the use, disclosure and transfer to the Company and its Plan Administrator in the United States of such personal information. 
 21. Plan Administrator . The Company has retained Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC as a third-party administrator to assist in the administration and management of the Plan (the Plan Administrator or Fidelity ). A listing of all Awards may be viewed through the Plan Administrator s website at www.NetBenefits.com once the Participant has established an account with the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator shall handle the processing of Option and Performance Option exercises and vesting and settlement of Units and Performance Units. The Company reserves the right to replace Fidelity as the Plan Administrator at any time in the Company s sole discretion. 
 22. Participant Acknowledgment . The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan. The Participant hereby acknowledges that all decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Committee in respect of the Plan, this Agreement and the Awards shall be final and conclusive. 
 23. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature. 
 24. Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Agreement will be binding upon the Participant or and the Participant s beneficiaries, executors, administrators and the person(s) to whom the Award may be transferred by will or the laws of descent or distribution. 
 25. Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan or this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, and each provision of the Plan and this Agreement shall be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank. 
 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by its duly authorized officer, and the Participant has signed this Agreement on his or her own behalf, thereby representing that he or she has carefully read and understands this Agreement and the Plan as of the day and year first written above. 
 
 LIGHT & WONDER, INC. 
 
 By 

___________________________________ 
 Roxane Lukas 
 Executive Vice President and Chief People Capability Officer 

PARTICIPANT 

_______________________________________ 
 PARTICIPANT NAME 
 8 

</EX-99.4>

<EX-99.5>
 17
 ex995-gamingregulations2023.htm
 EX-99.5

Document 
 
 Exhibit 99.5 

 Gaming Regulations 
 Licensing and Suitability Determinations - Generally 
 The manufacture, distribution and operation of gaming equipment and related software is subject to regulation and approval by various city, county, state, provincial, federal, tribal and foreign agencies (collectively, gaming authorities ). Gaming laws require us to obtain licenses or findings of suitability from gaming authorities for our company, including each of our subsidiaries engaged in manufacturing, distributing and operating gaming products and services, and certain of our directors, officers and employees. The criteria used by gaming authorities to make determinations as to qualification and suitability of an applicant varies among jurisdictions, but generally require the submission of detailed personal and financial information followed by a thorough investigation. The burden of demonstrating suitability and the cost of the investigation resides with the applicant. In evaluating individual applicants, gaming authorities consider the individual s character, criminal and financial history and, in some cases, the character of those with whom the applicant associates. Gaming authorities have very broad discretion in determining whether an applicant qualifies for licensing or should be found suitable. Gaming authorities may, subject to certain administrative proceeding requirements, (i) deny an application, or limit, condition, restrict, revoke or suspend any license, registration, finding of suitability or approval and (ii) fine any entity or person licensed, registered or found suitable or approved, for any cause they deem reasonable. 
 If any director, officer or employee of ours fails to qualify for a license or is found unsuitable (including due to the failure to submit the required documentation or application) by a gaming authority, we may deem it necessary, or be required to, sever our relationship with such person, which may include terminating the employment of any such person. 
 Gaming authorities may investigate any individual or entity having a material relationship to, or material involvement with, us or any of our subsidiaries, to determine whether such individual or entity is suitable or should be licensed as a business associate of ours. In addition, gaming authorities in Nevada, as well as other jurisdictions, monitor the activities of the entities they regulate both in their respective jurisdiction and in other jurisdictions to ensure that such entities are in compliance with local standards on a worldwide basis. The Nevada gaming authorities require us and our gaming subsidiaries, such as LNW Gaming, Inc., to maintain Nevada standards of conduct for all of our gaming activities and operations worldwide. 
 Licensing Requirements of Security Holders 
 Many jurisdictions require certain of our stockholders or holders of our debt securities to file an application, be investigated, and be found suitable to own any of our debt securities. For example, a holder of our stock or of our issued debt may be required to file an application, be investigated and be subject to a suitability hearing as a beneficial holder if the Nevada Gaming Commission has reason to believe that the holder s ownership in our securities would be inconsistent with the commission s public policies or those of the state of Nevada. 
 Many jurisdictions also require any person who acquires beneficial ownership of more than a certain percentage (typically five percent) of our voting securities and, in some jurisdictions, our non-voting securities, to report the acquisition to the gaming authorities and apply for a finding of suitability. However, most gaming authorities allow an institutional investor to apply for a waiver that allows such institutional investor to acquire, in most cases, up to ten percent of our voting securities without applying for a finding of suitability. 
 Any person who is found unsuitable by a gaming authority may be prohibited by applicable gaming regulations from holding, directly or indirectly, the beneficial ownership of any voting security or debt security of any public corporation which is registered with the gaming authority. In light of these regulations and their potential impact on our business, our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws prohibit persons or entities who fail to comply with informational or other regulatory requirements under applicable gaming laws, who are found unsuitable to hold our common stock by gaming authorities, whose stock ownership adversely affects our gaming licenses, or is a purported transferee of a stockholder who acquires shares made invalid pursuant to our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, from owning stock in our company. 
 As we hold a number of licenses from the British Gambling Commission and given the strategic importance of the U.K. market, we strongly recommend beneficial owners who acquire a 10 percent holding in our stock, that they give very serious consideration to the fact this (subject to a certain calculation methodology) triggers a change of corporate control. Once such a change takes place, it cannot be reversed and detailed disclosure must be provided by the beneficial owner (and possibly certain related parties) to enable us to comply with our legal obligations, and a suitability assessment will be undertaken, otherwise the British Gambling Commission can revoke the licenses that we hold. 
 Any person who holds, directly or indirectly, any beneficial ownership of our securities, and, to the extent applicable, fails or refuses to apply for a license or a finding of suitability within the time period prescribed by the applicable gaming authorities, may be denied a license or found unsuitable, as applicable, and may be found guilty of a criminal offense. The same restrictions 

may also apply to a record owner who fails or refuses to identify a beneficial owner of our securities. Furthermore, we may be subject to disciplinary action if, after we receive notice that a person is unsuitable to be a stockholder or to have any other relationship with us or any of our subsidiaries, we 
 pay that person any dividend or interest upon our voting securities 
 allow that person to exercise, directly or indirectly, any voting right conferred through securities held by that person 
 pay remuneration in any form to that person for services rendered or otherwise 
 make any payment to the unsuitable person by way of principal, redemption, conversation, exchange, liquidation or similar transaction or 
 fail to pursue all lawful efforts to terminate our relationship with that person, including, if necessary, the immediate purchase of said voting securities for cash at fair market value. 
 Notification and Approval of Certain Transactions or Changes in Directors and Officers 
 Depending on the jurisdiction, we may be required to notify, or obtain approval from gaming authorities with respect to certain transactions to which we or any of our subsidiaries are a party, including the following 
 material loans, leases, sales of securities and similar financing transactions 
 a public offering of our securities (or those of our subsidiaries) if the securities or their proceeds are intended to be used for certain gaming expenditures 
 repurchases of our voting securities (such as repurchases that treat security holders differently) above the current market price and 
 recapitalizations proposed in response to tender offers. 
 In addition, change of control transactions (whether through merger, consolidation, stock or asset acquisitions or otherwise) require prior approval of gaming authorities in certain jurisdictions. Entities seeking to acquire control of us or one of our subsidiaries must satisfy a variety of stringent standards established by the gaming authorities prior to assuming control. Gaming authorities may also require controlling stockholders, officers, directors and other persons having a material relationship with the proposed acquirer to be investigated and licensed as part of the approval process relating to a change of control transaction. 
 Any change in our directors or officers, including the directors or officers of our licensed subsidiaries, must be reported or, if such change relates to a position in which the individual is required to be licensed, qualified, found suitable or approved by the requisite gaming authority. 
 Testing and Approvals for Gaming Products 
 In Nevada and in most other jurisdictions, gaming devices and systems may not be sold unless they have been approved by the relevant regulatory authority (or an agency of such authority). The authority will conduct rigorous testing of the gaming device or system and related equipment through a testing laboratory (which may be run by such gaming authority or by an independent third party) and may require a field trial of the gaming device, platform or system before determining that the gaming device, platform or system meets the agency s strict technical standards. As part of the approval process, gaming authorities may require equipment and software modifications and several rounds of approval. 
 We do not have control over the length of time that any regulatory agency or testing laboratory takes to review our products. However, we work closely with the gaming authority s staff, or the staff of the independent testing laboratory, as the case may be, to timely respond to inquiries and assist where possible in the evaluation, inspection and review of our products. 
 Federal Registration 
 The Federal Gambling Devices Act of 1962 (commonly known as the Johnson Act) generally makes it unlawful for a person to manufacture, transport or receive gaming machines or components across state lines unless that person has first registered with the Criminal Division of the United States Department of Justice. As required by the Johnson Act, certain of our entities must register and renew their registration annually with the Criminal Division of the United States Department of Justice in order to manufacture, buy, use, repair, sell, recondition or lease gambling devices. The Johnson Act also imposes on us various record-keeping and equipment-identification requirements. A violation of the Johnson Act may result in the seizure and forfeiture of gaming equipment, as well as the imposition of other penalties. 
 2 

Native American Regulation 
 Numerous Native American tribes have become engaged in or have licensed gaming activities on Native American tribal lands as a means of generating revenue for tribal governments. Gaming on Native American lands, including the terms and conditions under which gaming equipment and systems can be sold or leased to Native American tribes, is or may be subject to regulation under the laws of the tribes, the laws of the state, and the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988 IGRA ), which includes regulation and oversight by the National Indian Gaming Commission NIGC and the Secretary of the United States Department of the Interior. Furthermore, gaming on Native American lands may also be subject to the provisions of contracts (known as compacts) between states and Native American tribes, which are also administered by the Secretary of the United States Department of the Interior. 
 The IGRA classifies legalized gaming into three categories Class I gaming consists of traditional Native American social and ceremonial games Class II gaming consists of bingo, electronic aids to bingo, and, if played at the same location where bingo is offered, pull-tabs and other games similar to bingo and Class III gaming consists of all other forms of gaming that are not included in either Class I or Class II, including traditional casino gaming machines. 
 Class I gaming is regulated exclusively at the Native American tribe level. We do not currently offer Class I gaming products or services. 
 Class II gaming is regulated by the NIGC and the laws of the Native American tribe conducting such gaming. Subject to the detailed requirements of the IGRA, federally recognized Native American tribes are typically permitted to conduct Class II gaming on Indian lands pursuant to tribal ordinances approved by the NIGC. 
 The IGRA generally permits Native American tribes to conduct Class III gaming activities on reservation lands subject to the detailed requirements of the IGRA, including NIGC approval of the Native American tribe s gaming ordinance and the entering into of a tribal-state compact between the Native American tribe and the state in which the Native American tribe intends to conduct Class III gaming activities on its trust lands. Tribal-state compacts vary from state to state. Many require that gaming suppliers meet ongoing registration and licensing requirements established by the state and or the tribe and some impose background check requirements on the gaming suppliers officers, directors and shareholders. 
 Under the IGRA, tribes are required to regulate gaming on their tribal lands under ordinances approved by the NIGC. These ordinances may impose standards and technical requirements on hardware and software and may impose registration, licensing and background check requirements on gaming suppliers and their officers, directors and shareholders. 
 International Regulation 
 We engage in the manufacture, distribution and operation of gaming equipment and systems and related products, as well as license our games and intellectual property, in various international markets worldwide. Many foreign jurisdictions permit the importation, sale and or operation of gaming equipment in casino and non-casino environments. Where importation is permitted, some jurisdictions prohibit or restrict the payout feature of the traditional gaming machine or limit the operation of gaming machines to a controlled number of casinos or casino-like locations. Each gaming machine must comply with the individual jurisdiction s regulations. Some jurisdictions require the licensing of gaming suppliers. 
 In the U.K., the Gambling Act of 2005, and the accompanying secondary legislation, regulates, among other things, the type of licensed gaming activity that is carried out by operators and suppliers, the licensing of the various types of venues for the conduct of licensed gaming activities, the categories and number of gaming machines allowed in each type of venue, the licensing and regulation of the supply and operation of those machines and the issuance of technical specifications, standards and licensing requirements for each category of gaming device. On April 27, 2023, the U.K. Government published its White Paper (a policy paper) setting out its comprehensive package of reform proposals, many of which are subject to further consultation by the U.K. Government or British Gambling Commission. On February 23, 2024, and following its consultation that launched on July 26, 2023, the U.K. Government announced that, from September 2024, it will introduce statutory maximum online slots stake limits at 5 for those aged 25 and above and 2 for those aged 18 to 24. Additionally, the U.K. Government has also issued consultations on the land-based liberalization proposals (closed on October 4, 2023) and the statutory levy (closed on December 14, 2023), and responses are awaited. We also await the British Gambling Commission s response on its recent closed consultations, which are expected in March 2024, and further consultations are both pending and expected. 
 Violation of Gaming Laws 
 If we or any of our subsidiaries violate applicable gaming laws, our gaming licenses could be limited, conditioned, suspended or revoked by gaming authorities, and we could be subject to substantial fines. Furthermore, a violation of laws in one 
 3 

jurisdiction could result in disciplinary action in other jurisdictions. As a result, a violation of applicable gaming laws by us or any of our subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
 4 

</EX-99.5>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 lnw-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 19
 lnw-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 lnw-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 lnw-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 lnw-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

