<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240222_10-K_edgar_data_1043509_0001043509-24-000022.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14841199</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>452433</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2729961</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5188165</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3926019</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2301486</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001043509-24-000022.hdr.sgml : 20240222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240222160048
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001043509-24-000022
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SONIC AUTOMOTIVE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001043509
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO DEALERS & GASOLINE STATIONS [5500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				562010790
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13395
		FILM NUMBER:		24664579

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4401 COLWICK ROAD
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28211
		BUSINESS PHONE:		704-566-2400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4401 COLWICK ROAD
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28211

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001043509-24-000022.txt : 20240222

10-K
 1
 sah-20231231.htm
 10-K

sah-20231231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________________________________________________________ 
 
 FORM 
 ___________________________________________________________________ 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 ___________________________________________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ___________________________________________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 ___________________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion based upon the closing sales price of the registrant s Class A Common Stock on June 30, 2023 of 47.67 per share. The registrant has no non-voting common equity. 
 As of February 8, 2024, there were shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, and shares of Class B Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 

UNCERTAINTY OF FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains, and written or oral statements made from time to time by us or by our authorized officers may contain, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements address our future objectives, plans and goals, as well as our intent, beliefs and current expectations regarding future operating performance, results and events, and can generally be identified by words such as may, will, should, could, believe, expect, estimate, anticipate, intend, plan, foresee and other similar words or phrases. 
 These forward-looking statements are based on our current estimates and assumptions and involve various risks and uncertainties. As a result, you are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and that actual results could differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from our projections include those risks described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and elsewhere herein, as well as: 
 the number of new and used vehicles sold in the United States as compared to our expectations and the expectations of the market; 
 our ability to generate sufficient cash flows or to obtain additional financing to fund our EchoPark operations, capital expenditures, our share repurchase program, dividends on our common stock, acquisitions and general operating activities; 
 our business and growth strategies, including, but not limited to, our EchoPark store operations; 
 the reputation and financial condition of vehicle manufacturers whose brands we represent, the financial incentives vehicle manufacturers offer and their ability to design, manufacture, deliver and market their vehicles successfully; 
 our relationships with vehicle manufacturers, which may affect our ability to obtain desirable new vehicle models in inventory or to complete additional acquisitions or dispositions; 
 the adverse resolution of one or more significant legal proceedings against us or our subsidiaries; 
 changes in laws and regulations governing the operation of automobile franchises, accounting standards, taxation requirements and environmental laws; 
 changes in vehicle and parts import quotas, duties, tariffs or other restrictions, including supply shortages that could be caused by global political and economic factors or other supply chain disruptions; 
 the inability of vehicle manufacturers and their suppliers to obtain, produce and deliver vehicles or parts and accessories to meet demand at our franchised dealerships for sale and use in our parts, service and collision repair operations; 
 general economic conditions in the markets in which we operate, including fluctuations in interest rates, inflation, vehicle valuations, employment levels, the level of consumer spending and consumer credit availability; 
 high levels of competition in the retail automotive industry, which not only create pricing pressures on the products and services we offer, but also on businesses we may seek to acquire; 
 our ability to successfully integrate recent or future acquisitions; 
 the significant control that our principal stockholders exercise over us and our business matters; and 
 the rate and timing of overall economic expansion or contraction . 
 These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or when made, and we undertake no obligation to revise or update these statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except as required under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 24 
 Item 2. Properties 
 24 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 27 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 76 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 78 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 78 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 78 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 78 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 78 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 79 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 79 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 79 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 79 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 79 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 80 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 85 
 SIGNATURES 
 86 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-4 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Sonic Automotive, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 1997. References to Sonic, the Company, we, us or our used throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K refer to Sonic Automotive, Inc. and its subsidiaries. We are one of the largest automotive retailers in the United States (the U.S. (as measured by reported total revenue). As a result of the way we manage our business, we had three reportable segments as of December 31, 2023: (1) the Franchised Dealerships Segment; (2) the EchoPark Segment; and (3) the Powersports Segment. For management and operational reporting purposes, we group certain businesses together that share management and inventory (principally used vehicles) into stores. As of December 31, 2023, we operated 108 stores in the Franchised Dealerships Segment, 25 stores in the EchoPark Segment, and 13 stores in the Powersports Segment. The Franchised Dealerships Segment consists of 134 new vehicle franchises (representing 28 different brands of cars and light trucks) and 16 collision repair centers in 18 states. The EchoPark Segment operates in 11 states and the Powersports Segment operates in two states. 
 Reportable Segments 
 The Franchised Dealerships Segment provides comprehensive sales and services, including: (1) sales of both new and used cars and light trucks; (2) sales of replacement parts and performance of vehicle maintenance, manufacturer warranty repairs, and paint and collision repair services (collectively, Fixed Operations and (3) arrangement of third-party financing, extended warranties, service contracts, insurance and other aftermarket products (collectively, F I for our guests. The EchoPark Segment sells used cars and light trucks and arranges third-party F I product sales for our guests in pre-owned vehicle specialty retail locations, and does not offer customer-facing Fixed Operations services. The Powersports Segment offers guests: (1) sales of both new and used powersports vehicles (such as motorcycles, personal watercraft and all-terrain vehicles); (2) Fixed Operations activities; and (3) F I services. All three segments generally operate independently of one another, with the exception of certain shared back-office functions and corporate overhead costs. 
 The majority of our revenue is related to our Franchised Dealerships Segment. In 2023, EchoPark Segment revenue represented approximately 16.9 of total revenue (compared to 17.6 in 2022). In 2023, Powersports Segment revenue represented approximately 1.1 of total revenue (compared to 0.4 in 2022). See Note 14, Segment Information, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional financial information regarding our three reportable segments. 

1 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 Our Business 
 
 The following charts depict the multiple sources of revenue and gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2023: 

As of December 31, 2023, we operated in the following states: 
 Market Number of Stores in Franchised Dealerships Segment Number of Stores in EchoPark Segment Number of Stores in Powersports Segment Percent of 
 2023 Total 
 Revenue 
 Texas 29 6 8 27.1 California 18 1 22.8 Colorado 7 3 8.6 Tennessee 9 1 7.3 Florida 9 5.3 Alabama 7 1 4.7 North Carolina 3 2 4.1 Georgia 4 1 3.7 Idaho 3 3.0 Maryland 4 2.1 Virginia 1 1.8 Washington 1 7 1.8 Nevada 2 1 1.6 South Carolina 2 1.4 Indiana 3 1.2 Missouri 3 1 1.0 New Mexico 2 0.8 New York 1 0.5 Arizona 1 0.4 South Dakota 5 0.3 Disposed stores and holding companies 0.5 Total 108 25 13 100.0 
 
 2 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 In the future, we may acquire dealerships or open new stores that we believe will strengthen our brand portfolio and divest dealerships or close stores that we believe will not yield acceptable returns over the long term. The retail automotive industry remains highly fragmented, and we believe that further consolidation may occur. We believe that attractive acquisition opportunities continue to exist for dealership groups with the capital and experience to identify, acquire and integrate new dealership acquisitions. Our ability to complete acquisitions and open new stores in the future will depend on many factors, including the availability of financing and the existence of any contractual provisions that may restrict our acquisition activity. 
 See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources for a discussion of our plans for the use of capital generated from operations. 
 Business Strategy 
 Maintain Diverse Revenue Streams. We have multiple revenue streams across our three operating segments. In addition to new automobile sales, our revenue sources include used automobile sales (including through our EchoPark Segment), which we believe are generally less sensitive to economic cycles and other factors that may affect new automobile sales. Our Powersports Segment further diversifies our vehicle sales offerings to include motorcycles, personal watercraft and all-terrain vehicles. Our Fixed Operations sales carry a higher gross margin than new and used vehicle sales and generally are not as sensitive to economic conditions as new or used vehicle sales. We also offer guests assistance in obtaining third-party financing and a range of automobile-related warranty, insurance and other aftermarket products. 
 Execute Our EchoPark Segment Strategy. We have developed a diversified business model by augmenting our manufacturer-franchised dealership operations with our EchoPark pre-owned vehicle specialty retail business. Our EchoPark business generally operates independently from our franchised dealerships business (except for certain shared back-office functions and corporate overhead costs) and offers consumers a modern omnichannel guest experience and a wide selection of quality pre-owned vehicle inventory at low prices. Sales operations for EchoPark began in 2014, and, as of December 31, 2023, we operated 25 stores in the EchoPark Segment in 11 states. Under our current EchoPark long-term growth strategy, we plan to continue to enhance our nationwide EchoPark distribution network to reach 90 of the U.S. population at maturity. 
 Expand Our Omnichannel Capabilities. Automotive consumers have become increasingly more comfortable using technology to research their vehicle buying alternatives, communicate with store personnel, and complete a portion or all of a vehicle purchase online. The internet presents a marketing, advertising and sales channel that we will continue to utilize to drive value for our stores and enhance the guest experience. Our existing platforms give us the ability to leverage new technology to integrate systems, customize our dealership websites and use our data to improve the effectiveness of our advertising and interaction with our guests. These platforms also allow us to market all of our products and services to a national audience and, at the same time, support the local market penetration of our individual stores. 
 Focus on the Guest Experience . We focus on providing a high-quality guest experience and maintaining high levels of customer satisfaction. Our personalized sales process is designed to appeal to our guests by providing high-quality vehicles and service through a positive, guest-centric experience. Several manufacturers offer specific financial incentives on a per vehicle basis if certain Customer Satisfaction Index CSI levels (which vary by manufacturer) are achieved by a dealership. In addition, all manufacturers consider CSI scores in approving acquisitions or awarding new dealership open points. To keep dealership and executive management focused on customer satisfaction, we include CSI results as a component of our incentive-based compensation programs for certain groups of associates and executive management. 
 Train, Develop and Retain Our Teammates. We believe our teammates are the cornerstone of our business and crucial to our financial success. Our goal is to develop our teammates and foster an environment where our teammates can contribute and grow with the Company. Teammate satisfaction is very important to us, and we believe a high level of teammate satisfaction reduces turnover and enhances our guests experience at our stores by pairing our guests with well-trained support personnel. We believe that our comprehensive training of our teammates provides us with an advantage over other competitors in retaining talent and providing a high-quality guest experience. 
 Optimize Our Capital Structure. As part of our cash management strategy, we periodically repurchase shares of our Class A Common Stock in open-market or structured transactions to maintain our targeted capital structure. In addition to allowing us to return capital to our stockholders, stock repurchases offset dilution caused by the exercise of stock options and the vesting of equity compensation awards. We regularly review repurchase activity and consider a number of factors in determining when to execute repurchases, including, but not limited to, historical and projected results of operations, the current economic environment and the market price of our Class A Common Stock. During 2023, we repurchased approximately 3.3 million shares of our Class A Common Stock for approximately 177.6 million. As of December 31, 2023, our total remaining share repurchase authorization was approximately 286.7 million. 
 
 3 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 Maximize Asset Returns Through Process Execution. We have developed standardized operating processes that are documented in operating playbooks for our stores. Through the continued implementation of our operating playbooks, we believe organic growth opportunities exist by offering a more favorable buying experience to our guests and creating efficiencies in our business processes. We believe the development, refinement and implementation of these operating processes will enhance the guest experience, make us more competitive in the markets we serve and drive profit growth across each of our revenue streams. 
 Optimize Our Brand Portfolio. Our long-term growth and acquisition strategy is primarily focused on acquiring desirable businesses in markets that meet certain strategic criteria for population growth and vehicle registration rates, among other considerations including shifts in consumer preferences. A majority of our franchised dealerships are either luxury or mid-line import brands. For 2023, approximately 86 of our total new vehicle revenue was generated by luxury and mid-line import dealerships, which typically have higher operating margins, more stable Fixed Operations departments, lower associate turnover and lower inventory levels than other brand categories. We actively evaluate acquisition opportunities and other strategic transactions that we believe will strengthen or diversify our brand portfolio. 
 The following table depicts the breakdown of our Franchised Dealerships Segment new vehicle revenues by brand: 
 Percentage of New Vehicle Revenues Year Ended December 31, Brand 2023 2022 2021 Luxury: BMW 25 26 26 Mercedes 14 13 12 Audi 6 6 6 Lexus 5 5 5 Land Rover 4 3 4 Porsche 4 4 4 Cadillac 2 2 2 MINI 1 1 1 Other luxury (1) 2 1 3 Total Luxury 63 61 63 Mid-line Import: Honda 10 9 13 Toyota 9 9 8 Volkswagen 2 2 2 Hyundai 1 1 1 Other mid-line imports (2) 1 1 1 Total Mid-line Import 23 22 25 Domestic: General Motors (3) 6 7 5 Chrysler Dodge Jeep RAM 4 6 1 Ford 4 4 6 Total Domestic 14 17 12 Total 100 100 100 
 (1) Includes Acura, Alfa Romeo, Infiniti, Jaguar, Maserati and Volvo. 
 (2) Includes Mazda, Nissan and Subaru. 
 (3) Includes Buick, Chevrolet and GMC. 

4 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 Increase Sales of Higher-Margin Products and Services . We continue to pursue opportunities to increase our sales of higher-margin products and services by expanding the following, which we believe allows us to withstand the impact of economic cycles and other factors that may adversely impact automobile sales generally: 
 Finance, Insurance and Other Aftermarket Products . Each sale of a new or used vehicle gives us an opportunity to provide our guests with third-party financing and insurance options and earn financing fees and insurance and other aftermarket product commissions. We also offer our guests the opportunity to purchase extended warranties, service contracts and other aftermarket products from third-party providers whereby we earn a commission for arranging the contract sale. We work with a single third-party provider for the majority of our extended warranties, service contracts and other aftermarket products. We currently offer a wide range of non-recourse financing, leasing, other aftermarket products, extended warranties, service contracts and insurance products to our guests. We emphasize menu-selling techniques and other best practices to increase our sales of F I products at all of our stores. 
 Parts, Service and Collision Repair . Each of our franchised dealerships offers a fully integrated service and parts department. Manufacturers permit warranty repair work to be performed only at franchised dealerships such as ours. As a result, our franchised dealerships are uniquely qualified and positioned to perform work covered by manufacturer warranties on increasingly complex vehicles. We believe we can continue to grow our profitable parts and service business over the long term by increasing service capacity, investing in sophisticated equipment and well-trained technicians, using competitive variable-rate pricing structures, focusing on the guest experience, and efficiently managing our parts inventory. In addition, we believe our emphasis on selling extended service contracts and maintenance contracts associated with retail new and used vehicle sales will drive further service and parts business in our franchised dealerships as we increase the potential to retain current service and parts guests beyond the term of the standard manufacturer warranty period. 
 Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles . Various manufacturers provide franchised dealers the opportunity to sell certified pre-owned CPO vehicles. This certification process extends the standard manufacturer warranty on the CPO vehicle, which we believe increases our potential to retain the pre-owned purchaser as a future parts and service customer. As CPO vehicles can only be sold by franchised dealerships and CPO warranty repair work can only be performed at franchised dealerships, we believe CPO vehicles add additional sales volume and will increase our Fixed Operations business over the long term. 
 Relationships with Manufacturers 
 Each of our Franchised Dealerships Segment and Powersports Segment locations operates under a separate franchise or dealer agreement that governs the relationship between the dealership and the manufacturer. Each franchise or dealer agreement specifies the location of the dealership for the sale of vehicles and for the performance of certain approved services in a specified market area. The designation of such areas generally does not guarantee exclusivity within a specified territory. In addition, most manufacturers allocate vehicles on a turn and earn basis that rewards high unit sales volume. A franchise or dealer agreement incentivizes the dealer to meet specified standards regarding showrooms, facilities and equipment for servicing vehicles, inventories, minimum net working capital, personnel training and other aspects of the business. Each franchise or dealer agreement also gives the related manufacturer the right to approve the dealer operator and any material change in management or ownership of the dealership. Each manufacturer may terminate a franchise or dealer agreement under certain circumstances, such as a change in control of the dealership without manufacturer approval, significant damage to the reputation or financial condition of the dealership, the death, removal or withdrawal of the dealer operator, the conviction of the dealership or the dealership s owner or dealer operator of certain crimes, the failure to adequately operate the dealership or maintain new vehicle inventory or financing arrangements, insolvency or bankruptcy of the dealership or a material breach of other provisions of the applicable franchise or dealer agreement. 
 Many automobile manufacturers have developed and implemented policies regarding public ownership of dealerships, which include the ability to force the sale of their respective franchises and deny transfer approval requests: 
 upon a change in control of the Company or a material change in the composition of our Board of Directors; 
 if an automobile manufacturer or distributor acquires more than 5 of the voting power of our securities; or 
 if an individual or entity (other than an automobile manufacturer or distributor) acquires more than 20 of the voting power of our securities, and the manufacturer disapproves of such individual s or entity s ownership interest. 
 To the extent that new or amended manufacturer policies restrict the number of dealerships that may be owned by a dealership group or the transferability of our common stock, such policies could have a material adverse effect on us. We believe that we will continue to be able to renew at expiration all of our existing franchise and dealer agreements. 
 
 5 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 Many states have placed limitations upon manufacturers and distributors ability to sell new motor vehicles directly to customers in their respective states in an effort to protect dealers from practices they believe constitute unfair competition. In general, these statutes make it unlawful for a manufacturer or distributor to compete with a new motor vehicle dealer in the same brand operating under an agreement or franchise from the manufacturer or distributor in the relevant market area. Certain states, including Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia, limit the amount of time that a manufacturer or distributor may temporarily operate a dealership. These statutes have been increasingly challenged by new entrants into the retail automotive industry and, to the extent that these statutes are repealed or weakened, such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 In addition, each of the states in which our dealerships currently do business requires manufacturers or distributors to show good cause for terminating or failing to renew a dealer s franchise or dealer agreement. Further, each of these states provides some method for dealers to challenge manufacturer attempts to establish dealerships of the same brand in their relevant market area. 
 While in any individual period conditions may vary, historically we have acquired a significant percentage of our retail used vehicle inventory directly from consumers through our appraisal process, in addition to third-party vehicle auctions. We also acquire used vehicle inventory from wholesalers, franchised and independent dealers and fleet owners, such as leasing companies and rental car companies. The supply of late-model used vehicles is influenced by a variety of factors, including the total number of vehicles in operation; the volume of new vehicle sales, which in turn generate used car trade-ins; lease return rates; and the number of used vehicles sold or remarketed through retail channels, wholesale transactions and automotive auctions. The supply of late-model used vehicles in 2023 continued to be affected by shortfalls in new vehicle manufacturing which occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic, which caused fewer vehicles to be manufactured in the affected years. According to industry sources, there were approximately 286.0 million light vehicles in operation in the U.S. as of December 31, 2023. During calendar year 2023, approximately 15.5 million new cars and 36.2 million used cars were sold at retail, many of which were accompanied by trade-ins that could then be resold as used vehicles. 
 Competition 
 The retail automotive industry is highly competitive. Depending on the geographic market, we compete both with dealers offering the same brands and product lines as ours and dealers offering other manufacturers vehicles. We also compete for vehicle sales with auto brokers, leasing companies and services offered on the internet that provide referrals to other dealerships, broker vehicle sales between customers and other dealerships or sell vehicles directly to customers via online purchase transactions and delivery. We compete with small, local dealerships and with large multi-franchise and pre-owned automotive dealership groups. 
 We believe that the principal competitive factors in vehicle sales are the location of stores, the ability of stores to offer an attractive selection of the most popular vehicles at competitive market pricing (including the effect of applicable manufacturer rebates, below-market financing from manufacturers or their captive finance subsidiaries, and other special offers), the successful interplay between the digital and physical aspects of car buying, the marketing campaigns conducted by manufacturers and the quality of services and guest experience at our stores. In particular, pricing has become more important as a result of well-informed customers using a variety of sources available on the internet to determine current retail market prices. Other competitive factors include customer preference for makes of automobiles, vehicle brand reputation, and coverage under manufacturer warranties. 
 In addition to competition for vehicle sales, we also compete with other auto dealers, service and repair centers, auto parts retailers and independent mechanics in providing vehicle parts and service work. We believe that the principal competitive factors in parts and service sales are price, the use of factory-approved replacement parts, factory-trained technicians, the familiarity with a manufacturer s makes and models and the quality of the guest experience. A number of regional and national chains offer selected parts and services at prices that may be lower than our prices. 
 In arranging third-party financing for our guests vehicle purchases, we compete with a broad range of financial institutions outside of our preferred lender network. In addition, certain financial institutions are now offering financing and other F I products directly to consumers through the internet. We believe that the principal competitive factors in arranging third-party financing are convenience, interest rates and contract terms. 
 Our operating results depend, in part, on national and regional automobile-buying trends, local and regional economic factors and other regional competitive pressures. Conditions and competitive pressures affecting the markets in which we operate, such as price-cutting by dealers in these areas, or in any new markets we enter, could adversely affect our results, even though the retail automotive industry as a whole might not be significantly affected. 
 
 6 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 Governmental Regulations and Environmental Matters 
 Numerous federal, state and local regulations govern our business of marketing, selling, financing and servicing automobiles. We are also subject to laws and regulations relating to business corporations. 
 Under the laws of the states in which we currently operate, as well as the laws of other states into which we may expand, we must obtain a license in order to establish, operate or relocate a franchised dealership, an EchoPark store or a powersports store or to operate an automotive service and repair center. These laws also regulate our conduct of business, including our sales, operating, advertising, financing and employment practices, including federal and state wage-hour, anti-discrimination and other employment practices laws. 
 Our financing activities with customers are subject to federal truth-in-lending, consumer privacy, consumer leasing and equal credit opportunity regulations as well as state and local motor vehicle finance laws, installment finance laws, usury laws and other installment sales laws. Some states regulate finance fees that may be paid as a result of vehicle sales. 
 Federal, state and local environmental regulations, including regulations governing air and water quality, the clean-up of contaminated property and the use, storage, handling, recycling and disposal of gasoline, oil and other materials, also apply to us and our franchised dealership, EchoPark and powersports properties. 
 As with automobile dealerships generally, and service, parts and collision repair operations in particular, our business involves the use, storage, handling and contracting for recycling or disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or wastes and other environmentally sensitive materials. Our business also involves the past and current operation and/or removal of above ground and underground storage tanks containing such substances, wastes or materials. Accordingly, we are subject to regulation by federal, state and local authorities that establish health and environmental quality standards, provide for liability related to those standards and provide penalties for violations of those standards. We are also subject to laws, ordinances and regulations governing remediation of contamination at facilities we own or operate or to which we send hazardous or toxic substances or wastes and other environmentally sensitive materials for treatment, recycling or disposal. 
 We do not have any known material environmental liabilities, and we believe that compliance with governmental regulations, including environmental laws and regulations will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. However, soil and groundwater contamination is known to exist at certain properties owned and used by us. Further, environmental laws and regulations are complex and subject to frequent change. In addition, in connection with our past or future acquisitions, it is possible that we will assume or become subject to new or unforeseen environmental costs or liabilities, some of which may be material. 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 The following is a description of the names and ages of the executive officers of the Company, indicating all positions and offices with the Company held by each such person and each person s principal occupation or employment during the past five years. Each executive officer of the Company is elected by our Board of Directors and holds office from the date of election until thereafter removed by the Board. 
 Name Age Position(s) and Office(s) with Sonic David Bruton Smith 49 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Dyke 56 President and Director Heath R. Byrd 57 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 David Bruton Smith was elected as Chairman of the Board in July 2022 and as Chief Executive Officer of Sonic in September 2018. Previously, Mr. Smith served as Sonic s Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Strategic Officer from March 2018 to September 2018, as Sonic s Vice Chairman from March 2013 to March 2018 and as an Executive Vice President of Sonic from October 2008 to March 2013. He has been a director of Sonic since October 2008 and has served in Sonic s organization since 1998. Prior to being named an Executive Vice President and a director in October 2008, Mr. Smith had served as Sonic s Senior Vice President of Corporate Development since March 2007. Mr. Smith served as Sonic s Vice President of Corporate Strategy from October 2005 to March 2007, and also served prior to that time as Dealer Operator and General Manager of several Sonic dealerships. Mr. Smith is also a director, an officer and a co-owner of Sonic Financial Corporation SFC ), the largest stockholder of Sonic, and a director and a co-owner of Speedway Motorsports, LLC Speedway Motorsports ). He is the brother of B. Scott Smith and Marcus G. Smith, who are also directors of Sonic. 
 
 7 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 Jeff Dyke was elected to the office of President of Sonic in September 2018 and is responsible for direct oversight for all of Sonic s retail operations. In addition, Mr. Dyke has been a director of Sonic since July 2019. Mr. Dyke served as Sonic s Executive Vice President of Operations from October 2008 to September 2018. From March 2007 to October 2008, Mr. Dyke served as Sonic s Division Chief Operating Officer - Southeast Division, where he oversaw retail automotive operations for the states of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee and Texas. Mr. Dyke first joined Sonic in October 2005 as Sonic s Vice President of Retail Strategy, a position that he held until April 2006, when he was promoted to Division Vice President - Eastern Division, a position he held from April 2006 to March 2007. Prior to joining Sonic, Mr. Dyke worked in the retail automotive industry at AutoNation, Inc. from 1996 to 2005, where he held several positions in divisional, regional and dealership management with that company. 
 Heath R. Byrd has served as Sonic s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since April 2013. Mr. Byrd was previously a Vice President and Sonic s Chief Information Officer from December 2007 to March 2013 and has served our organization since 2007. Prior to joining Sonic, Mr. Byrd served in a variety of management positions at HR America, Inc., a workforce management firm that provided customized human resource and workforce development through co-sourcing arrangements, including as a director, as President and Chief Operating Officer and as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Information Officer. Prior to HR America, Mr. Byrd served as a Manager in the Management Consulting Division of Ernst Young LLP. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 10,500 employees, which we refer to as associates or teammates, with whom we strive to maintain good relationships, which benefit both our Company and our teammates. Approximately 220 of our associates, primarily service technicians in northern California, are represented by a labor union. Although only a small percentage of our associates is represented by a labor union, we may be affected by labor strikes, work slowdowns and walkouts at automobile manufacturers manufacturing facilities. 
 As we manage our workforce, we focus on associate satisfaction, turnover and training. We benchmark our compensation practices and benefits programs against those of comparable companies and in the geographic areas where our operations are located. We believe that our compensation and employee benefits are competitive and allow us to attract and retain skilled and unskilled labor throughout our organization. Our notable health, welfare, retirement and training benefits include: 
 
 Company-subsidized health insurance; 
 401(k) plan with Company matching contributions; 
 Company-wide 15 per hour minimum wage for all hourly employees; 
 paid vacation, sick and bereavement leave; 
 paid community service and volunteer leave; and 
 tuition assistance programs and Company-paid training opportunities. 
 We strive to maintain an inclusive environment free from discrimination of any kind, including in our hiring practices and daily operations. Our teammates have multiple avenues available through which inappropriate behavior can be reported, including a confidential hotline. Our policies require all reports of inappropriate behavior to be taken seriously and promptly investigated with appropriate action taken to address and prevent such behavior. 
 
 Company Information 
 Our website can be accessed at www.sonicautomotive.com . Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as well as proxy statements and other information we file with, or furnish to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC are available free of charge on our website as well as the website of the SEC, www.sec.gov . We make these documents available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically transmit them to the SEC. Except as otherwise stated in these documents, the information contained on our website or available by hyperlink from our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or other documents we transmit to the SEC. 
 
 8 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 RISK FACTORS 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects and the prevailing market price and performance of our Class A Common Stock may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including the material risks noted below. Our stockholders and prospective investors should consider these risks, uncertainties and other factors prior to making an investment decision. 
 Risks Related to Our Growth Strategy 
 Our investment in new business strategies, services and technologies is inherently risky, and could disrupt our ongoing business or have a material adverse effect on our overall business and results of operations. 
 We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new business strategies, services and technologies, including our EchoPark and powersports businesses. Such endeavors involve significant risks and uncertainties, including allocating management resources away from our other operations, insufficient revenues to offset expenses associated with these new investments, inadequate return of capital on our investments and unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence of such strategies and offerings. Because these ventures are inherently risky, no assurance can be given that such strategies and offerings will be successful and will not have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition and operating results. 
 Our ability to make acquisitions, execute our growth strategy for our EchoPark business and grow organically may be restricted by our ability to obtain capital, the terms of the instruments governing our long-term debt and the need to obtain consent from manufacturers. 
 We intend to finance future real estate and dealership acquisitions with cash generated from operations, through issuances of our stock or debt securities and through borrowings under credit arrangements. We may not be able to obtain additional financing by issuing stock or debt securities due to the market price of our Class A Common Stock, overall market conditions or certain covenants under the instruments that govern our long-term debt that restrict our ability to issue additional indebtedness, or the need for manufacturer consent to the issuance of equity securities. In recent years, financial markets have experienced elevated interest rates, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain financing on attractive terms. Using cash to complete acquisitions or to invest in our EchoPark expansion plans could substantially limit our operating and financial flexibility. 
 The amount of capital presently available to us is limited to the liquidity available under our existing debt agreements and cash flows generated through operating activities. Pursuant to the 2021 Credit Facilities (as defined below), we are restricted from making dealership acquisitions without lender consent in any fiscal year if the aggregate cost of all such acquisitions is in excess of certain amounts. Our ability to obtain additional sources of financing may be limited by the fact that substantially all of the assets of our dealerships are pledged to secure the indebtedness under the 2021 Credit Facilities and the Silo Floor Plan Facilities (as defined below). These pledges may impede our ability to borrow from other sources. The pace and scale of the growth of our EchoPark and powersports businesses may be limited in the event other sources of capital are unavailable. 
 In addition, we are dependent to a significant extent on our ability to finance our new and certain of our used vehicle inventory under the 2021 Floor Plan Facilities (as defined below) or the Silo Floor Plan Facilities (collectively, Floor Plan Financing ). Floor Plan Financing arrangements allow us to borrow money to buy a particular new vehicle from the manufacturer or a used vehicle on trade-in or at auction and pay off the loan when we sell that particular vehicle. We must obtain Floor Plan Financing or obtain consents to assume existing floor plan notes payable in connection with our acquisition of dealerships. In the event that we are unable to obtain such financing, our ability to complete dealership acquisitions could be limited. 
 We are required to obtain the approval of the applicable manufacturer before we can acquire an additional franchise of that manufacturer. Certain manufacturers also limit the number of its dealerships that we may own in total, the number of dealerships we may own in a particular geographic area, or our national market share of that manufacturer s sales of new vehicles. In addition, under an applicable franchise or dealer agreement or under state law, a manufacturer may have a right of first refusal to acquire a dealership that we seek to acquire. We cannot assure you that manufacturers will approve future acquisitions or do so on a timely basis, which could impair the execution of our acquisition strategy. 
 
 9 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 RISK FACTORS 

We may not adequately anticipate all of the demands that growth through strategic acquisitions or brand development will impose or be able to determine the actual financial condition of dealerships we acquire until after we complete the acquisition and take control of the dealerships. Failure to effectively integrate acquired businesses with our existing operations could adversely affect our future operating results. 
 Our future operating results depend on our ability to integrate the operations of acquired businesses with our existing operations. Our growth strategy has focused on the pursuit of strategic acquisitions or brand development that either expand or complement our business. We face risks growing through acquisitions or expansion. These risks include, but are not limited to: incurring significantly higher capital expenditures and operating expenses; failing to integrate the operations and personnel of acquired dealerships; entering new markets with which we are unfamiliar; incurring potential undiscovered liabilities and operational difficulties at acquired dealerships; disrupting our ongoing business; diverting our management resources; failing to maintain uniform standards, controls and policies; impairing relationships with employees, manufacturers and customers as a result of changes in management; failing to retain or attract appropriate dealership management personnel; incurring incremental expenses for standardized accounting and computer systems, as well as integration difficulties; failing to obtain a manufacturer s consent to the acquisition of one or more of its franchises or to renew the franchise or dealer agreement on terms acceptable to us; and incorrectly valuing entities to be acquired or assessing markets entered. 
 The operating and financial condition of acquired businesses cannot be determined accurately until we assume control. Although we conduct what we believe to be a prudent level of due diligence regarding the operating and financial condition of the businesses we purchase, in light of the circumstances of each transaction, an unavoidable level of risk remains regarding the actual operating condition of these businesses. Similarly, many of the dealerships we acquire, including some of our largest acquisitions, do not have financial statements audited or prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. GAAP ). We may not have an accurate understanding of the historical financial condition and performance of our acquired entities prior to acquisition. Until we actually assume control of business assets and their operations, we may not be able to ascertain the actual value or understand the potential liabilities of the acquired entities and their operations. 
 
 Risks Related to the Retail Automotive Industry 
 Our facilities and operations are subject to extensive governmental laws and regulations. If we are found to be in violation of, or subject to liabilities under, any of these laws or regulations or if new laws or regulations are enacted that adversely affect our operations, then our business, operating results, financial condition, cash flows and prospects could suffer. 
 The retail automotive industry, including our facilities and operations, is subject to a wide range of federal, state and local laws and regulations, such as those relating to motor vehicle sales, retail installment sales, leasing, sales of finance, insurance and vehicle protection products, licensing, consumer protection, consumer privacy, employment practices, escheatment, anti-money laundering, environmental, vehicle emissions and fuel economy, and health and safety. With respect to motor vehicle sales, retail installment sales, leasing, and sales of finance, insurance and vehicle protection products at our dealerships and stores, we are subject to various laws and regulations, the violation of which could subject us to consumer class action or other lawsuits or governmental investigations and adverse publicity, in addition to administrative, civil or criminal sanctions. With respect to employment practices, we are subject to various laws and regulations, including complex federal, state and local wage and hour and anti-discrimination laws. We are also subject to lawsuits and governmental investigations alleging violations of these laws and regulations, including purported class action lawsuits, which could result in significant liability, fines and penalties. The violation of other laws and regulations to which we are subject also can result in administrative, civil or criminal sanctions against us, which may include a cease and desist order against the subject operations or even revocation or suspension of our license to operate the subject business, as well as significant liability, fines and penalties. We devote significant resources to comply with applicable federal, state and local regulation of health, safety, environmental, zoning and land use regulations, and we may need to spend additional time, effort and money to keep our operations and existing or acquired facilities in compliance. In addition, we may be subject to broad liabilities arising out of environmental contamination at our currently and formerly owned or operated facilities, at locations to which hazardous substances were transported from such facilities, and at such locations related to entities formerly affiliated with us. Although for some such liabilities we believe we are entitled to indemnification from other entities, we cannot assure that such entities will view their obligations as we do or will be able to satisfy them. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, cash flows and prospects. 
 
 10 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 RISK FACTORS 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), which was signed into law on July 21, 2010, established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB ), an independent federal agency funded by the U.S. Federal Reserve with broad regulatory powers and limited oversight from the U.S. Congress. Although automotive dealers are generally excluded, the Dodd-Frank Act has led to additional, indirect regulation of automotive dealers, in particular, their sale and marketing of finance and insurance products, through its regulation of automotive finance companies and other financial institutions. The CFPB has recommended that financial institutions under its jurisdiction take steps to ensure compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, which may include imposing controls on discretionary markup of wholesale interest rates offered by financial institutions dealer markup ), monitoring and addressing the effects of dealer markup policies and eliminating dealer discretion to markup buy rates and fairly compensating dealers using a different mechanism that does not result in disparate impact to certain groups of consumers. 
 Increasing competition among automotive retailers and the use of the internet in automotive retail may reduce our profit margins on vehicle sales and related businesses. 
 Automotive retailing is a highly competitive business. Our competitors include publicly and privately owned dealerships, some of which are larger and have greater financial and marketing resources than we do. Many of our competitors sell the same or similar makes and models of new and used vehicles that we offer in our markets at competitive prices. We do not have any cost advantage in purchasing new vehicles from manufacturers due to economies of scale or otherwise. We typically rely on advertising, merchandising, sales expertise, customer service reputation and dealership location to sell new vehicles. In addition, our F I business and other related businesses, which have higher margins than sales of new and used vehicles, are subject to competition from various financial institutions and other third parties. Our revenues and profitability could be materially adversely affected if certain state dealer franchise laws are relaxed to permit automobile manufacturers to retail vehicles directly to consumers. 
 Moreover, consumers are using the internet to compare pricing for vehicles and related F I services and, in some cases, complete a vehicle purchase transaction, which may further reduce margins for new and used vehicles and profits for related F I services. If internet-based new vehicle sales are allowed to be conducted without the involvement of franchised dealers, our business could be materially adversely affected. In addition, other dealership groups have aligned themselves with services offered on the internet or are investing heavily in the development of their own internet sales capabilities, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Challenges to the business model of our franchised dealerships from existing automobile manufacturers and the effect of new companies entering into the automotive space may affect our ability to grow or maintain the business over the long term. 
 Large and well-capitalized technology-focused companies have continued to enter into the automotive space in recent years. Companies including, but not limited to, Alphabet Inc., Amazon.com, Inc., Apple Inc., Lucid Group, Inc., Lyft, Inc., Rivian Automotive, Inc., Tesla, Inc. and Uber Technologies, Inc. may challenge the existing automotive manufacturing, retail sales, maintenance and repair, and transportation models. For example, Tesla, Inc. has been challenging state dealer franchise laws in many states with mixed results, but it has achieved success with its direct-to-consumer new vehicle sales business model and its vehicles have been accepted by many consumers, even in states where dealer franchise laws appear to preclude such vehicle sales. In addition, other manufacturers whose new vehicles we sell have recently announced their intentions to implement an agency model of direct manufacturer to consumer sales in certain European markets. Although the long-term impact of the participation of vehicle manufacturers in direct sales is undetermined, these other large companies may continue to change consumers view on how automobiles should be manufactured, equipped, retailed, maintained and utilized in the future. Because these companies have the ability to connect with each individual consumer easily through their existing or future technology platforms, we may ultimately be at a competitive disadvantage in marketing, selling, financing and servicing vehicles. In addition, certain automobile manufacturers have expressed interest in or begun selling directly to customers. The franchised dealer s participation in that potential future transaction type is unclear and our operations and financial results may be negatively impacted if the role of franchised dealers diminishes. 
 
 11 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 RISK FACTORS 

Our dealers depend upon new vehicle sales and, therefore, their success depends in large part upon consumer demand for and manufacturer supply of particular vehicles. 
 The success of our dealerships depends in large part on the overall success of the vehicle lines they carry. New vehicle sales generate the majority of our total revenue and lead to sales of higher-margin products and services such as finance, insurance, vehicle protection products and other aftermarket products, and parts and service operations. Our new vehicle sales operations are comprised primarily of luxury and mid-line import brands, which exposes us to manufacturer concentration risks. Although our parts and service operations and used vehicle and powersports businesses may serve to offset some of this risk, changes in automobile manufacturers vehicle models and consumer demand for particular vehicles may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our business is highly dependent on consumer demand and preferences, including with respect to new technologies such as alternative fuel vehicles. Events such as manufacturer safety recalls and negative publicity or legal proceedings related to these events may have a negative impact on the products we sell. If such events are significant, the profitability of our dealerships related to those manufacturers could be adversely affected and we could experience a material adverse effect on our overall results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 Further, manufacturers typically allocate their vehicles among dealerships based on the sales history of each dealership. Supplies of popular new vehicles may be limited by the applicable manufacturer s production capabilities. Popular new vehicles that are in limited supply typically produce the highest profit margins. We depend on manufacturers to provide us with a desirable mix of popular new vehicles. Our operating results may be materially adversely affected if we do not obtain a sufficient supply of these vehicles on a timely basis or if our inventory mix does not align with consumer demand. 
 
 Our business is dependent upon access to quality sources of used vehicle inventory. Our business sales and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by obstacles that prevent the efficient acquisition and liquidation of used vehicle inventory. 
 A reduction in the availability of, or access to, sources of desirable, high-quality used vehicle inventory could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations at all of our locations. In recent years, we have experienced low used vehicle inventory availability at wholesale auction and from off-lease turn-ins, which led to an increase in the cost to acquire high-quality used vehicle inventory. To the extent that used vehicle inventory levels remain low (compared to historical levels) and the costs to acquire high-quality inventory remain high, we may experience decreased sales volume and margins on sales of our used vehicle inventory, which may have a material negative impact on our business, results of operations and profitability, particularly in the EchoPark Segment. 
 We obtain a significant percentage of our used vehicle inventory through our proprietary trade-in appraisal system as this sourcing outlet is generally more profitable and more convenient for our guests and potential guests. A significant portion of our used vehicle inventory is sourced through trade-ins for purchases of new vehicles, which remain limited in supply. Accordingly, if we fail to make appraisal offers in line with broader market trade-in offer trends, or fail to recognize those trends, it could adversely affect our ability to acquire used vehicle inventory and increase the risk of loss of business to our competitors. Loss of sale, involving trades and insufficient levels of inventory, could also force us to purchase a greater percentage of used vehicle inventory from third-party wholesale auctions, which is generally less profitable due to high bidding costs and additional costs associated with transporting the acquired used vehicles to our store locations. Our inability to source high-quality used vehicle inventory from third-party auctions could reduce the demand for our used vehicle inventory offerings. See Increasing competition among automotive retailers and the use of the internet in automotive retail may reduce our profit margins on vehicle sales and related businesses above in this Item 1A. Risk Factors for further discussion. 
 Used vehicle inventory is subject to depreciation risk. Accordingly, if we develop excess inventory, the inability to liquidate such inventory at prices that allow us to meet desirable profit margins or to recover our costs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 12 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 RISK FACTORS 

Our business is dependent on global supply chains that could be adversely affected by natural and man-made disasters, including the effects of pandemics like the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The automotive manufacturing supply chain spans the globe. As such, supply chain disruptions resulting from widespread public health crises, armed conflict, natural disasters, adverse weather and other events may affect the flow of new vehicle or parts inventory to us or our manufacturing partners. Such events could lead to widespread reductions in travel and economic activity, including automobile manufacturing and supply chain disruptions and production delays. Supply chain disruptions and production delays similar to those experienced in recent years could significantly impact the supply of new vehicles, parts and accessories that we sell. In addition, these disruptions and delays could lead to low new and used vehicle inventory levels which could lead to increases in the sales prices and costs to acquire new and used vehicles. Although the supply chain is recovering from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, these disruptions and delays continue to affect new and used vehicle inventory supply. We expect low levels of inventory due to supply chain disruptions and production delays will continue to affect our operations in 2024. The extent to which these historical supply chain disruptions and production delays continue to impact our business depends on the effectiveness of actions taken globally by our manufacturing partners and [others in] their supply chain, which are highly uncertain and unpredictable. Any resulting operational or financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, but may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We also cannot reasonably predict the timing or magnitude of impacts to our business due to any economic recession or depression that may develop or related economic challenges, including higher inflation or further increases in interest rates. 
 A decline of available financing or rising financing costs in the consumer automotive lending market may adversely affect our vehicle unit sales volume. 
 A significant portion of vehicle buyers finance their purchases of automobiles. Sub-prime lenders have historically provided financing for consumers who, for a variety of reasons including poor credit histories and lack of down payment, do not have access to more traditional finance sources. In 2023, higher consumer retail automotive lending rates negatively impacted finance and insurance product penetration rates and the negative impact to affordability reduced new and used retail unit volumes industry-wide. In the event that interest rates rise further, lenders tighten their credit standards, or there is a decline in the availability of credit in the consumer lending market, the costs of financing could influence consumer buying decisions and the ability of consumers to purchase vehicles could be limited, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues and profitability. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by import product restrictions and foreign trade risks that may impair our ability to sell foreign vehicles profitably. 
 A significant portion of our new vehicle business involves the sale of vehicles, parts or vehicles composed of parts that are manufactured outside the U.S. As a result, our operations are subject to risks of importing merchandise, including fluctuations in the relative values of currencies, import duties or tariffs, exchange controls, trade restrictions, work stoppages, supply chain disruptions or production delays, inflation, increases in interest rates, and general political and socioeconomic conditions in other countries. In addition, armed conflict and increased international political or economic instability may cause disruptions to foreign and domestic supply chains and manufacturing operations including as a result of economic sanctions imposed by the U.S. or result in price increases that adversely impact automotive manufacturers or our new vehicle business. The U.S. or the countries from which our products are imported may, from time to time, impose new quotas, duties, tariffs or other restrictions, or adjust presently prevailing quotas, duties or tariffs, which may affect our operations and our ability to purchase imported vehicles and/or parts at reasonable prices, which may negatively affect affordability to consumers of certain new vehicles and reduce demand for certain vehicle makes and models. 
 
 Changes in consumer demand toward fuel-efficient plug-in hybrid electric vehicles and battery electric vehicles, and resulting shifts by manufacturers to meet demand, could disrupt our ongoing business or have a material adverse effect on our overall business and results of operations. 
 Variability in consumer behavior, including volatile fuel prices and initiatives to increase the use of fuel-efficient and electric vehicles, has affected and may continue to affect consumer preferences for new and used vehicles. Manufacturers have also announced increased production focus on the manufacture of fuel-efficient plug-in hybrid electric vehicles PHEVs and battery electric vehicles BEVs ). The rate at which our customers will demand such vehicles, as well as the ability of manufacturers to accurately predict and meet such demand, is dependent on various factors. The inability of manufacturers to produce such vehicles at levels consistent with the overall level of customer demand actually experienced, or our inability to tailor our inventory levels and sales practices to meet fluctuations in demand for these vehicles, could disrupt our ongoing business or have a material adverse effect on our overall business and results of operations. 
 
 13 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 RISK FACTORS 

In the future, certain PHEVs and BEVs may require less frequent or less costly maintenance and repairs than traditional internal combustion engine vehicles due to their mechanical design and features. In addition, advances in technology by manufacturers and their suppliers and their continued research and development investments have contributed to a general increase in the overall reliability, longevity and efficiency of automobiles. The long-term effects of increased market share for PHEVs and BEVs are uncertain and may include reduced maintenance and repairs revenues, changes in manufacturer warranties and complimentary maintenance programs from which we realize parts, service and collision repair revenues, and changes in the level of sales or profitability of certain warranty and maintenance products we offer our customers. To the extent that the market share for PHEVs, BEVs and other non-internal combustion engine vehicles increases rapidly or such vehicles comprise a significant percentage of new or used vehicles being sold or operated nationwide, we may experience a disruption in our parts, service and collision repair revenues or revenues from certain warranty and maintenance products that we sell, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our overall business and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Relationships with Vehicle Manufacturers 
 Our operations may be adversely affected if one or more of our manufacturer franchise or dealer agreements is terminated or not renewed. 
 Each of our franchised dealerships operates under a separate franchise or dealer agreement with the applicable automobile manufacturer. Without a franchise or dealer agreement, we cannot obtain new vehicles from a manufacturer or advertise as an authorized factory service center. As a result, we are significantly dependent on our relationships with the manufacturers. 
 Moreover, manufacturers exercise a great degree of control over the operations of our dealerships through the franchise and dealer agreements. The franchise and dealer agreements govern, among other things, our ability to purchase vehicles from the manufacturer and to sell vehicles to customers. Our franchise and dealer agreements do not grant us the exclusive right to sell a manufacturer s product within a given geographic area. Our revenues or profitability could be materially adversely affected if any of our manufacturers awards franchises to others in the same markets where we operate or if existing franchised dealers increase their market share in our markets. Each of our franchise or dealer agreements provides for termination or non-renewal for a variety of causes, including certain changes in the financial condition of the dealerships and any unapproved change of ownership or management. Manufacturers may also have a right of first refusal if we seek to sell dealerships. 
 
 We cannot guarantee that any of our existing franchise and dealer agreements will be renewed or that the terms and conditions of such renewals will be favorable to us. Actions taken by manufacturers to exploit their superior bargaining position in negotiating the terms of franchise and dealer agreements or renewals of these agreements or otherwise could also have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 In recent years, certain manufacturers whose new vehicles we sell have announced plans to develop an agency model of selling new vehicles in certain European markets, which is intended to facilitate sales directly by the manufacturer to the customer, using the existing franchised dealership as a logistics and delivery partner. Under currently proposed agency models, our franchised dealerships would receive a fee or similar compensation for facilitating the sale by the manufacturer of a new vehicle, but the purchased new vehicle would not be held in inventory. The timing and extent of implementation and relative success of agency sales models in European markets are uncertain and difficult to predict. Further, it is difficult to predict whether such a model may be adopted by manufacturers or permitted by state laws in the U.S. Adoption of this sales model by manufacturers in the geographic markets in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Our failure to meet a manufacturer s customer satisfaction, financial and sales performance or facility requirements may adversely affect our profitability and our ability to acquire new dealerships. 
 A manufacturer may condition its allotment of vehicles, our participation in bonus programs or our acquisition of additional franchises upon our compliance with its brand and facility standards. These standards may require investments in technology and facilities that we otherwise would not make. This may put us in a competitive disadvantage with other competing dealerships and may ultimately result in our decision to sell a franchise when we believe it may be difficult to recover the cost of the required investment to reach the manufacturer s brand and facility standards. 
 
 14 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 RISK FACTORS 

In addition, many manufacturers attempt to measure customers satisfaction with their sales and warranty service experiences through manufacturer-determined CSI scores. The components of CSI vary by manufacturer and are modified periodically. Franchise and dealer agreements may also impose financial and sales performance standards. Under our agreements with certain manufacturers, a dealership s CSI scores, and financial and sales performance standards may be considered as factors in evaluating applications for additional dealership acquisitions. From time to time, some of our dealerships have had difficulty meeting various manufacturers CSI requirements or performance standards. We cannot assure you that our dealerships will be able to comply with these requirements or performance standards in the future. A manufacturer may refuse to consent to our acquisition of one of its franchises if it determines our dealerships do not comply with its CSI requirements or performance standards, which could impair the execution of our acquisition strategy. In addition, we receive incentive payments from the manufacturers based, in part, on CSI scores, which could be materially adversely affected if our CSI scores decline. 
 If state dealer franchise laws are repealed or weakened, our dealerships may be more susceptible to termination, non-renewal or renegotiation of their franchise and dealer agreements. 
 State dealer franchise laws generally provide that a manufacturer may not terminate or refuse to renew a franchise or dealer agreement unless it has first provided the dealer with written notice setting forth good cause and stating the grounds for termination or non-renewal. Some state dealer franchise laws allow dealers to file protests or petitions or to attempt to comply with the manufacturer s criteria within the notice period to avoid the termination or non-renewal. Certain automobile manufacturers lobbying efforts may lead to the repeal or revision of state dealer franchise laws. If dealer franchise laws are repealed or weakened in the states in which we operate, manufacturers may be able to terminate our franchises without providing advance notice, an opportunity to cure or a showing of good cause. Without the protection of state dealer franchise laws, it may also be more difficult for our dealerships to renew their franchise or dealer agreements upon expiration. 
 The ability of a manufacturer to grant additional franchises is based on several factors which are not within our control. If manufacturers grant new franchises in areas near or within our existing markets, this could negatively impact our revenues and/or profitability. In addition, current state dealer franchise laws generally restrict the ability of automobile manufacturers to enter the retail market and sell directly to consumers. However, if manufacturers obtain the ability to retail vehicles directly to consumers and choose to do so in our markets, such competition could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our sales volume and profit margin on each sale may be materially adversely affected if manufacturers reduce or discontinue their incentive programs. 
 Our dealerships depend on the manufacturers for certain sales incentives or employee pricing promotions, vehicle warranties, customer rebates, new and used vehicle financing or leasing incentives, dealer incentives on new vehicles, manufacturer floor plan interest and advertising assistance, and sponsorship of CPO vehicle sales by authorized new vehicle dealers that are intended to promote and support dealership new vehicle sales. Manufacturers routinely modify their incentive programs in response to changing market conditions. A reduction or discontinuation of a manufacturer s incentive programs may materially adversely impact vehicle demand and affect our results of operations. 
 Our sales volume may be materially adversely affected if manufacturer-affiliated captive finance companies change their customer financing programs or are unable to provide floor plan financing. 
 One of the primary finance sources used by consumers in connection with the purchase or lease of a new or used vehicle is the manufacturer-affiliated captive finance companies. These captive finance companies rely, to a certain extent, on the public debt markets to provide the capital necessary to support their financing programs. In addition, the captive finance companies will occasionally change their loan or lease underwriting criteria to alter the risk profile of their loan or lease portfolio or as a result of changes in interest rates or projected vehicle residual values. A limitation or reduction of available consumer financing for these or other reasons could affect consumers ability to purchase or lease a vehicle and, thus, could have a material adverse effect on our sales volume. Any deterioration of our relationship with the particular manufacturer-affiliated captive finance source could adversely affect our relationship with the affiliated manufacturer, and vice versa. 
 Our parts and service sales volume and margins are dependent on manufacturer warranty programs. 
 Franchised automotive retailers perform factory authorized service work and sell original replacement parts on vehicles covered by warranties issued by the automotive manufacturer. Dealerships which perform work covered by a manufacturer warranty are reimbursed at rates established by the manufacturer. For 2023, approximately 13.9 of our Fixed Operations revenues was for work covered by manufacturer warranties and complimentary maintenance programs. To the extent a manufacturer reduces the labor rates or markup of replacement parts for such warranty repair work, our Fixed Operations revenues and margins could be adversely affected. 
 
 15 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 RISK FACTORS 

Adverse conditions affecting one or more key manufacturers or lenders may negatively impact our results of operations. 
 Our results of operations depend on the products, services, and financing and incentive programs offered by major automobile manufacturers and could be negatively impacted by any significant changes to these manufacturers financial condition, marketing strategy, vehicle design, production capabilities, management, labor relations or increased labor costs, or negative publicity or reputation impacts concerning a particular manufacturer or vehicle model. 
 Events such as labor strikes or other disruptions in production, including those caused by natural disasters, that may adversely affect a manufacturer may also adversely affect us. In particular, labor strikes at a manufacturer that continue for a substantial period of time could have a material adverse effect on our business. Similarly, the delivery of vehicles from manufacturers at a time later than scheduled due to supply chain disruptions or other delays, which may occur during critical periods of new product introductions, could limit sales of those vehicles during those periods. Adverse conditions affecting these and other important aspects of manufacturers operations and public perception may adversely affect our ability to sell their automobiles and, as a result, significantly and detrimentally affect our business and results of operations. 
 Moreover, our business could be materially adversely impacted by the bankruptcy of a major vehicle manufacturer or related lender. We may be unable to collect some or all of our significant receivables that are due from such manufacturer or lender, and we may be subject to preference claims relating to payments made by such manufacturer or lender prior to bankruptcy. Consumer demand for such manufacturer s products could be substantially reduced and such manufacturer may be relieved of its indemnification obligations with respect to product liability claims. In addition, a manufacturer in bankruptcy could attempt to terminate all or certain of our franchises, in which case, we may not receive adequate compensation for our franchises and a manufacturer that acts as a lender could attempt to terminate our floor plan financing and demand repayment of any amounts outstanding. We may be unable to arrange financing for our guests for their vehicle purchases and leases through such lender, in which case, we would be required to seek financing with alternate financing sources, which may be difficult to obtain on similar terms, if at all. Additionally, any such bankruptcy may result in us being required to incur impairment charges with respect to the inventory, fixed assets and intangible assets related to certain dealerships, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition and our ability to remain in compliance with the financial ratios contained in our debt agreements. 
 Manufacturer stock ownership restrictions may impair our ability to maintain or renew franchise or dealer agreements or to issue additional equity. 
 Certain of our franchise and dealer agreements prohibit transfers of any ownership interests of a dealership and, in some cases, its parent, without prior approval of the applicable manufacturer. Our existing franchise and dealer agreements could be terminated if a person or entity acquires a substantial ownership interest in us or acquires voting power above certain levels without the applicable manufacturer s approval. While the holders of our Class B Common Stock currently maintain voting control of Sonic, their future investment decisions as well as those of holders of our Class A Common Stock are generally outside of our control and could result in the termination or non-renewal of existing franchise or dealer agreements or impair our ability to negotiate new franchise or dealer agreements for dealerships we acquire in the future. In addition, if we cannot obtain any requisite approvals on a timely basis, we may not be able to issue additional equity or otherwise raise capital on terms acceptable to us. These restrictions may also prevent or deter a prospective acquirer from acquiring control of us. 
 Risks Related to Our Sources of Financing and Liquidity 
 Our significant indebtedness could materially adversely affect our financial health, limit our ability to finance future acquisitions, expansion plans and capital expenditures and prevent us from fulfilling our financial obligations. 
 As of December 31, 2023, our total outstanding indebtedness was approximately 3.3 billion, which includes floor plan notes payable, long-term debt and short-term debt. 
 
 16 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 RISK FACTORS 

We have up to 350.0 million of maximum borrowing availability under an amended and restated syndicated revolving credit facility (the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility and up to 2.6 billion of maximum borrowing availability for combined syndicated new and used vehicle inventory floor plan financing (the 2021 Floor Plan Facilities and, together with the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, the 2021 Credit Facilities ). As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 298.6 million available for additional borrowings under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility based on the borrowing base calculation, which is affected by numerous factors, including eligible asset balances. We are able to borrow under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility only if, at the time of the borrowing, we have met all representations and warranties and are in compliance with all financial and other covenants contained therein. We have capacity to finance new and used vehicle inventory purchases under floor plan agreements with various manufacturer-affiliated captive finance companies and other lending institutions (the Silo Floor Plan Facilities as well as the 2021 Floor Plan Facilities. As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 173.0 million of total remaining availability under our delayed draw-term loan credit agreement entered into in November 2019 (the "2019 Mortgage Facility") based on the borrowing base calculation which varies in borrowing limit based on the appraised value of the collateral underlying the 2019 Mortgage Facility. In addition, our 4.625 Senior Notes due 2029 (the 4.625 Notes ), our 4.875 Senior Notes due 2031 (the 4.875 Notes and our other debt instruments allow us to incur additional indebtedness, including secured indebtedness, as long as we comply with the terms thereunder. 
 The majority of our dealership properties are subject to long-term operating lease arrangements that commonly have initial terms of 10 to 20 years with renewal options generally ranging from five to 10 years. Many of these operating leases require compliance with financial and operating covenants similar to those under the 2021 Credit Facilities and require monthly payments of rent that may fluctuate based on interest rates and local consumer price indices. The total future minimum lease payments related to these operating leases and certain equipment leases are significant and are disclosed in Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Our failure to comply with certain covenants in these agreements could materially adversely affect our ability to access our borrowing capacity, subject us to acceleration of our outstanding debt, result in a cross default on other indebtedness and have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue our business. 
 We may not have sufficient funds to meet our obligation to repay all or a substantial portion of the outstanding principal amount of our indebtedness when it becomes due. 
 The instruments that govern our long-term indebtedness contain certain provisions that may cause all or a substantial portion of the outstanding principal amount of our indebtedness to become immediately due and payable. The 2021 Credit Facilities, the 2019 Mortgage Facility, the indentures governing the 4.625 Notes and the 4.875 Notes, and many of our operating leases contain numerous financial and operating covenants. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the applicable agreement. In addition, a default under one agreement could result in a cross default and acceleration of our repayment obligations under the other agreements or prevent us from borrowing under such other agreements. If a default or cross default were to occur, we may not be able to pay our debts or to borrow sufficient funds to refinance them. Even if new financing were available, it may not be on terms acceptable to us. If a default were to occur, we may be unable to adequately finance our operations because of acceleration and cross-default provisions and the value of our common stock would be materially adversely affected. As a result of this risk, we could be forced to take actions that we otherwise would not take, or not take actions that we otherwise might take, in order to comply with the covenants in these agreements. 
 Moreover, many of our mortgage notes principal and interest payments are based on an amortization period longer than the actual terms (maturity dates) of the notes. We will be required to repay or refinance the remaining principal balances for certain of our mortgages with balloon payments at the notes maturity dates, which range from 2024 to 2033. The amounts to be repaid or refinanced at the maturity dates could be significant. We may not have sufficient liquidity to make such payments at the notes maturity dates. 
 In addition, upon the occurrence of a change of control (as defined in the indentures governing the 4.625 Notes and the 4.875 Notes), holders of such notes will have the right to require us to purchase all or any part of such holders notes at an applicable premium. The events that constitute a change of control under the indentures governing the 4.625 Notes and the 4.875 Notes may also constitute a default under the 2021 Credit Facilities and the 2019 Mortgage Facility. The agreements or instruments governing any future debt that we may incur may contain similar provisions regarding repurchases in the event of a change of control triggering event. 
 
 17 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 RISK FACTORS 

There can be no assurance that we would have sufficient resources available to satisfy all of our obligations under these debt instruments should all or substantial portions of the principal become immediately due and payable. In the event we do not have sufficient liquidity to repay the principal balances, we may not be able to refinance the debt at interest rates that are acceptable to us or, depending on market conditions, at all. Our inability to repay or refinance these notes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to make interest and principal payments when due to holders of our debt securities depends upon our future performance and our receipt of sufficient funds from our subsidiaries. 
 Our ability to meet our debt obligations and other expenses will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, domestic and foreign economic conditions, the regulatory environment and other factors, many of which we are unable to control. Substantially all of our consolidated assets are held by our subsidiaries and substantially all of our consolidated cash flow and net income are generated by our subsidiaries. Accordingly, our cash flow and ability to service debt depend to a substantial degree on the results of operations of our subsidiaries and upon the ability of our subsidiaries to provide us with cash. We may receive cash from our subsidiaries in the form of dividends, loans or distributions, which we may use to service our debt obligations or for working capital. Our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to distribute cash to us or to make funds available to service debt. 
 Our use of hedging transactions could limit our financial gains or result in financial losses. 
 To reduce our exposure to fluctuations in cash flow due to interest rate fluctuations, we have entered into, and in the future may enter into, certain derivative instruments (or hedging agreements). As of December 31, 2023, we had interest rate cap agreements related to a portion of our Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR )-based variable rate debt to limit our exposure to rising interest rates. See the heading Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities under Note 6, Long-Term Debt, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. We intend to hedge as much of our interest rate exposure as management determines is in our best interest based on potential volatility and the cost of such hedging transactions. 
 Our hedging transactions expose us to certain risks and financial losses, including, among other things: counterparty credit risk; the value of derivatives used for hedging may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with accounting rules to reflect changes in fair value, downward adjustments or mark-to-market losses, which would affect our recorded stockholders equity amounts; and all of our hedging instruments contain terms and conditions with which we are required to meet. A failure on our part to effectively hedge interest rate exposure may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Concentration of voting power and anti-takeover provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our Amended and Restated Bylaws, Delaware law and our franchise and dealer agreements may reduce the likelihood of a potential change of control from a third party. At the same time, such voting power concentration also could increase the likelihood of a change of control notwithstanding other factors . 
 Our common stock is divided into two classes with different voting rights. This dual class stock ownership allows the present holders of the Class B Common Stock to exercise voting control of the Company. Holders of Class A Common Stock have one vote per share on all matters. Holders of Class B Common Stock have 10 votes per share on all matters, except that they have only one vote per share on any transaction proposed or approved by our Board of Directors or a Class B common stockholder or otherwise benefiting the Class B common stockholders constituting a: going private transaction; disposition of all or substantially all of our assets; transfer resulting in a change in the nature of our business; or merger or consolidation in which current holders of our common stock would own less than 50 of the common stock following such transaction. 
 The holders of Class B Common Stock (which include SFC and the OBS Family, LLC, entities which David Bruton Smith, Sonic s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and his family members, including B. Scott Smith and Marcus G. Smith, both directors of Sonic, control) currently hold less than a majority of our outstanding common stock, but a majority of our voting power. As a result, the holders of Class B Common Stock may be able to control fundamental corporate matters and transactions, subject to the above limitations. The concentration of voting power may also discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of us from a third party even if the action was favored by holders of Class A Common Stock. In addition, a sale or transfer of shares by one or more of the holders of Class B Common Stock could result in a change of control or put downward pressure on the market price of our Class A Common Stock. The perception among the public that these sales or transfers may occur could also contribute to a decline in the market price of our Class A Common Stock. 
 
 18 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 RISK FACTORS 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws make it more difficult for our stockholders to take corporate actions at stockholders meetings. In addition, stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units granted under the Sonic Automotive, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan or the Sonic Automotive, Inc. 2012 Formula Restricted Stock and Deferral Plan for Non-Employee Directors and other obligations become immediately exercisable or automatically vest upon a change in control. Delaware law also makes it difficult for stockholders who have recently acquired a large interest in a company to consummate a business combination transaction with the company against its directors wishes. Finally, our franchise and dealer agreements allow the manufacturers the right to terminate the agreements upon a change of control of the Company and impose restrictions upon the transferability of any significant percentage of our stock to any one person or entity that may be unqualified, as defined by the manufacturer, to own one of its dealerships. The inability of a person or entity to qualify with one or more of our manufacturers may prevent or seriously impede a potential takeover bid. In addition, there may be provisions of our lending arrangements that create an event of default upon a change in control. These agreements, corporate governance documents and laws may have the effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control or preventing stockholders from realizing a premium on the sale of their shares if we were acquired. 
 Potential conflicts of interest between us and our officers or directors could adversely affect our future performance. 
 Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, David Bruton Smith, as well as Marcus G. Smith and B. Scott Smith, also serve as directors of Speedway Motorsports. Further, the Smith family and certain trusts, the beneficiaries of which are members of the Smith family, directly and indirectly control a substantial majority of our voting stock. 
 We will likely in the future enter into transactions with entities controlled by the Smith family or our other affiliates. We believe that all of our existing arrangements with affiliates are as favorable to us as if the arrangements were negotiated between unaffiliated parties, although the majority of these transactions have neither been verified by third parties in that regard nor are likely to be so verified in the future. Potential conflicts of interest could arise in the future between us and our officers or directors in the enforcement, amendment or termination of arrangements existing between them. 
 Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws designate the state and federal courts of Delaware as the exclusive forums for certain claims against the Company, which could increase the costs of bringing a claim or limit the ability of a stockholder to bring a claim in a judicial forum viewed by a stockholder as favorable. 
 Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for claims for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of Sonic (other than derivative actions brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder); (2) any action asserting a claim of a breach of, or based on, a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of Sonic to Sonic or Sonic s stockholders; (3) any action asserting a claim against Sonic or any current or former director, officer or other employee or stockholder of Sonic arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or our Amended and Restated Bylaws; or (4) any action asserting a claim against Sonic governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws also provide that, unless the Board of Directors otherwise consents in writing, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the United States District Court for the District of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), the Exchange Act or any ancillary claims related thereto which are subject to the ancillary jurisdiction of the federal courts. 
 The exclusive forum provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws may increase the costs to bring a claim, discourage claims or limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that he, she or it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or the Company s directors, officers or other employees. Such provisions may also discourage lawsuits against the Company or the Company s directors, officers and other employees. The Delaware courts or the United States District Court for the District of Delaware may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to us than to our stockholders. 
 
 19 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 RISK FACTORS 

While the Delaware Supreme Court ruled in March 2020 that federal forum selection provisions requiring claims under the Securities Act be brought in federal court are facially valid under Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to whether courts in other jurisdictions will enforce provisions such as those contemplated in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws, including whether a court would enforce the provision requiring claims arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act to be brought in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. If the exclusive forum provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws are found to be unenforceable in a particular action, we or a stockholder may incur additional costs associated with resolving such an action or the validity of the exclusive forum clause on appeal. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 Our business will be harmed if overall consumer demand suffers from a severe or sustained downturn. 
 Our business is heavily dependent on consumer demand and preferences. Retail new vehicle sales are cyclical and historically have experienced periodic downturns characterized by oversupply and weak demand. In recent years, we experienced an imbalance between consumer demand for new vehicles and available supply of new vehicle inventory due to supply chain disruptions and manufacturing delays, and it is uncertain when new vehicle inventories will stabilize and at what level. Retail vehicle sales cycles are often correlated with changes in overall economic conditions, consumer confidence, the level of discretionary personal income and credit availability. Deterioration in any of these conditions from current levels may have a material adverse effect on our retail business, particularly sales of new and used automobiles. In addition, our business may be adversely affected by isolated unfavorable conditions or events in our local markets. Due to the provisions and terms contained in our franchise or dealer agreements or operating lease agreements, we may not be able to relocate a dealership operation to a more favorable location without incurring significant costs or penalties, if permitted at all. In addition, severe or sustained changes in gasoline prices or overall shifts in consumer sentiment toward alternative fuel vehicles may lead to a shift in consumer buying patterns. Availability of preferred models may not exist in sufficient quantities to satisfy consumer demand and allow our stores to meet sales expectations. 
 The outcome of legal and administrative proceedings we are or may become involved in could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects. 
 We are involved, and expect to continue to be involved, in various legal and administrative proceedings arising out of the conduct of our business, including regulatory investigations and private civil actions brought by plaintiffs purporting to represent a potential class or for which a class has been certified. Although we vigorously defend ourselves in all legal and administrative proceedings, the outcomes of pending and future proceedings arising out of the conduct of our business, including litigation with customers, employment-related lawsuits, contractual disputes, class actions, purported class actions and actions brought by governmental authorities, cannot be predicted with certainty. An unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects. 
 Climate change legislation or regulations restricting emission of greenhouse gases could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the vehicles we sell. 
 The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has adopted rules under existing provisions of the federal Clean Air Act that require: (1) a reduction in emissions of greenhouse gases from motor vehicles; (2) certain construction and operating permit reviews for greenhouse gas emissions from certain large stationary sources; and (3) monitoring and reporting of greenhouse gas emissions from specified sources on an annual basis. The adoption of any laws or regulations requiring significant increases in fuel economy requirements or new federal or state restrictions on emissions of greenhouse gases from our operations or on vehicles and automotive fuels in the U.S. could adversely affect demand for those vehicles and require us to incur costs to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases associated with our operations. 
 Employee attrition, the loss of key personnel and limited management and personnel resources could adversely affect our operations and growth. 
 Our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of our management team, particularly our Chief Executive Officer, President, other senior management, and sales and service personnel. Additionally, franchise or dealer agreements may require the prior approval of the applicable manufacturer before any change is made in dealership general managers. We do not have employment agreements with most members of our senior management team, our dealership general managers and other key dealership personnel. Consequently, the loss of the services of one or more of these key employees could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 20 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 RISK FACTORS 

The market for qualified employees remains highly competitive, may impact our ability to identify and attract new employees and retain existing employees, and may subject us to increased labor costs. The loss of the services of key employees or the inability to attract additional qualified managers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, the lack of qualified management or employees employed by potential acquisition candidates may limit our ability to consummate future acquisitions. 
 Natural disasters, adverse weather and other events can disrupt our business. 
 Our dealerships are concentrated in certain states, including California, Colorado, Florida and Texas, in which actual or threatened natural disasters and severe weather events (such as earthquakes, wildfires, landslides, hailstorms, floods and hurricanes) may disrupt our store operations, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition to business interruption, the automotive retailing business is subject to substantial risk of property loss due to the significant concentration of property values at store locations. Although we have substantial insurance, subject to certain deductibles, limitations and exclusions, we may be exposed to uninsured or under insured losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 We have invested in internal and external business applications to execute our strategy of employing technology to benefit our business. In the ordinary course of business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners, and personally identifiable information of our customers and employees. Moreover, significant technology-related business functions of ours are outsourced. The frequency and severity of cybersecurity incidents has increased in recent years and adversely impacted organizations of varying sizes. Although we have attempted to mitigate the cybersecurity risk of both our internal and outsourced functions by implementing various cybersecurity controls, an internal framework for the oversight of cybersecurity risks and other security measures, specifically as described in Item 1C. Cybersecurity, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breaches due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. 
 These cybersecurity risks include vulnerability to cyberattack of our internal or externally hosted business applications; interruption of service or access to systems may affect our ability to deliver vehicles or complete transactions with customers; unauthorized access or theft of customer or employee personal confidential information, including financial information, or strategically sensitive data; disruption of communications (both internally and externally) that may affect the quality of information used to make informed business decisions; and damage to our reputation as a result of a breach in security that could affect the financial security of our customers. Any cybersecurity breach or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties or damage to our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our services, which could materially adversely affect our competitive position, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 21 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 RISK FACTORS 

We may be subject to substantial withdrawal liability assessments in the future related to a multiemployer pension plan to which certain of our dealerships make contributions pursuant to collective bargaining agreements. 
 Three of our dealership subsidiaries in northern California currently make fixed-dollar contributions to the Automotive Industries Pension Plan (the AI Pension Plan pursuant to collective bargaining agreements between our subsidiaries and the International Association of Machinists (the IAM ). The AI Pension Plan is a multiemployer plan as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. Three of our dealership subsidiaries actively contribute to the AI Pension Plan under collective bargaining agreements with the IAM. These subsidiaries employ approximately 160 individuals, which constitutes less than 2 of our total workforce. In March 2008, the Board of Trustees of the AI Pension Plan notified participants, participating employers and local unions that the AI Pension Plan s actuary had issued a certification that the AI Pension Plan was in critical status. In conjunction with the AI Pension Plan s critical status, all participating employers were required to increase employer contributions to the AI Pension Plan for a seven-year period which commenced in 2013. As of April 2023, the AI Pension Plan s actuary certified that the AI Pension Plan remained in Critical Status for the plan year commencing January 1, 2023, with the projected pension liability underfunded by approximately 1.0 billion and projected to become insolvent in the 2032 plan year. In July 2023, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation approved an application by the AI Pension Plan for special financial assistance in the amount of approximately 1.1 billion to address the underfunded status of the plan. Under applicable federal law, any employer contributing to a multiemployer pension plan that completely ceases participating in the plan while the plan is underfunded is subject to payment of such employer s assessed share of the aggregate unfunded vested benefits of the plan. In certain circumstances, an employer can be assessed withdrawal liability for a partial withdrawal from a multiemployer pension plan. If any of these adverse events were to occur in the future, it could result in a substantial withdrawal liability assessment that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Tax positions may exist related to our tax filings that could be challenged by governmental agencies and result in higher income tax expenses and affect our overall liquidity if we are unable to successfully defend these tax positions. 
 We are subject to audits by federal and state governmental income tax agencies on a continual basis. During the course of those audits, the agencies may disagree with or challenge tax positions taken on tax returns filed for Sonic and its subsidiaries. As a result of these audits, the agencies may issue assessments and penalties based on their understanding of the underlying facts and circumstances. In the event we are not able to arrive at an agreeable resolution, we may be forced to litigate these matters. If we are unsuccessful in litigation, our results of operations and financial position may be negatively impacted. 
 Impairment of our goodwill, other intangible assets or other long-lived assets could have a material adverse impact on our earnings. 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets are subject to impairment assessments at least annually or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may have occurred. Pursuant to applicable accounting pronouncements, we evaluate goodwill for impairment annually on April 30, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. We describe the process for testing goodwill and other intangible assets more thoroughly under the heading Critical Accounting Estimates in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. A significant amount of our goodwill is related to our franchised dealerships reporting unit, and we have significant other intangible assets associated with acquisitions of franchised dealerships. If we determine that the amount of our goodwill or other intangible assets is impaired at any point in time, we are required to reduce the balances recorded on our balance sheet. If goodwill or other intangible assets are impaired based on a future impairment test, we will be required to record a significant non-cash impairment charge that may also have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for the period in which the impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets occurs. As of December 31, 2023, our balance sheet reflected a carrying amount of approximately 253.8 million in goodwill and approximately 417.4 million in other intangible assets, net. 
 
 22 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 RISK FACTORS 

We are also required to test for impairment of other long-lived assets in the event certain conditions exist that may indicate the recorded value of the assets is not recoverable through future operating cash flows. These conditions include, but are not limited to, a decrease in the market pricing of a long-lived asset group, a significant change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset group is being used or its physical condition, a significant adverse change in legal factors or business climate that could affect the value of a long-lived asset group, an accumulation of costs significant in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of a long-lived asset group, a current-period operating cash flow loss combined with a history of operating cash flow losses or a projection or forecast that demonstrates continuing losses associated with the use of a long-lived asset group, or a current expectation that, more likely than not, a long-lived asset group will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. If we determine that the amount of certain long-lived asset groups are impaired, we are required to reduce the balances recorded on our consolidated balance sheet, which may result in a significant non-cash impairment charge. 
 
 23 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity. 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 Our cybersecurity strategy prioritizes detection, analysis and response to known, anticipated or unexpected threats; effective management of security risks; and resiliency against incidents. Our cybersecurity risk management processes include technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems, employee training, tools and related services from third-party providers, and management oversight to assess, identify and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats. We implement risk-based controls to protect our information, the information of our customers, suppliers and other third parties, our information systems, our business operations, and our products and related services. We have adopted security-control principles based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology (the NIST Cybersecurity Framework. 
 We leverage technology for our business advantage and have invested in internal and external business applications. Our regular operations involve handling sensitive data, including proprietary business information, intellectual property, and personally identifiable information of our customers, suppliers, and employees. To ensure the safety of this data, the Vice President of Information Security provides oversight and establishes central, standardized frameworks for identifying and tracking cyber-related business and compliance risks across the Company. Any risks from cybersecurity threats to our products and services are communicated to our general counsel and senior management and if deemed material, are further reviewed by the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. We also periodically engage third-party consultants to help us assess, enhance, implement and monitor our cybersecurity risk management programs and respond to any incidents. 
 We have experienced, and may in the future experience, whether directly or through our supply chain or other channels, cybersecurity incidents. While prior incidents have not materially affected our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition, and although our processes are designed to help prevent, detect, respond to, and mitigate the impact of such incidents, there is no guarantee that a future cyber incident would not materially affect our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. See General Risk Factors in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Governance 
 Our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing enterprise risk and has delegated the responsibility for the oversight of cybersecurity and information technology risks, and the Company's preparedness for these risks, to the Audit Committee. Our Vice President of Information Security provides periodic updates to the Audit Committee in order to assist the Audit Committee in understanding the implications of cybersecurity risks. The Audit Committee meets regularly to ensure a shared understanding of cybersecurity risks, to review new regulations or laws, and to provide guidance on complex risk issues. 
 Our Information Security team has gained their expertise in information technology IT and cybersecurity through a combination of education, relevant degrees, certifications and prior work experience. As part of the cybersecurity process, their respective teams inform them about the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. 
 The Information Security team has adopted the NIST Cybersecurity Framework as a reference to manage cybersecurity risks. This framework enables the team to implement a comprehensive statement of activities and responsibilities that cover data, information architecture, risk communications, emerging technology, third-party risk, IT operations, and regulation. By following industry best practices, the team has established a recognized baseline for engaging external firms to audit and test the resiliency of the cybersecurity program. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 Our principal executive offices are located at a property owned by us at 4401 Colwick Road, Charlotte, North Carolina 28211, and our telephone number at that location is (704) 566-2400. 
 Our dealerships are generally located along major U.S. or interstate highways. One of the principal factors we consider in evaluating a potential acquisition is its location. We prefer to acquire dealerships or build dealership facilities located along major thoroughfares, which can be easily visited by prospective guests. For information regarding the states in which we operate and the breakdown of our stores among our operating segments, see the discussion under the heading Our Business in Item 1. Business. 
 
 24 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 We lease a significant number of the properties utilized by our dealership operations from affiliates of Capital Automotive Real Estate Services, Inc. and other individuals and entities. Under the terms of our franchise and dealer agreements, each of our dealerships must maintain an appropriate appearance and design of its dealership facility and is restricted in its ability to relocate. The properties utilized by our dealership operations that are owned by us or one of our subsidiaries are pledged as security for the 2021 Credit Facilities, the 2019 Mortgage Facility or other mortgage financing arrangements. We believe that our facilities are adequate for our current needs. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 For information regarding legal proceedings, see the discussion under the heading Legal Proceedings in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 

25 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Our Class A Common Stock is currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SAH. Our Class B Common Stock is not traded on a public market and we do not intend to apply to have our Class B Common Stock listed on a national exchange or an automated dealer quotation system. 
 As of February 8, 2024, there were 21,953,134 shares of our Class A Common Stock and 12,029,375 shares of our Class B Common Stock outstanding. As of February 8, 2024, there were 632 record holders of the Class A Common Stock and two record holders of the Class B Common Stock. The closing stock price for the Class A Common Stock on February 8, 2024 was 55.20. 
 Our Board of Directors issued four quarterly cash dividends on all outstanding shares of Class A and Class B Common Stock totaling 1.16 per share, 1.03 per share and 0.46 per share for each of the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Subsequent to December 31, 2023, our Board of Directors approved a cash dividend on all outstanding shares of Class A and Class B Common Stock of 0.30 per share for stockholders of record on March 15, 2024 to be paid on April 15, 2024. The declaration and payment of any future dividend is subject to the business judgment of our Board of Directors, taking into consideration our historical and projected results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, capital requirements and covenant compliance, share repurchases, the current economic environment and other factors considered by our Board of Directors to be relevant. These factors are considered each quarter and will be scrutinized as our Board of Directors determines our dividend policy in the future. There is no guarantee that additional dividends will be declared and paid at any time in the future. See Note 6, Long-Term Debt, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the heading Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional discussion of dividends and for a description of restrictions on the payment of dividends. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table sets forth information about the shares of Class A Common Stock we repurchased during the three months ended December 31, 2023: 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) (In millions, except per share data) October 2023 286.8 November 2023 51.27 286.8 December 2023 54.14 286.7 Total 
 (1) On July 28, 2022, we announced that our Board of Directors had increased the dollar amount authorized for us to repurchase shares of our Class A Common Stock pursuant to our share repurchase program. Our share repurchase program does not have an expiration date and current remaining availability under the program is as follows: 
 (In millions) July 2022 authorization 500.0 Total active program repurchases prior to December 31, 2023 (213.3) Current remaining availability as of December 31, 2023 286.7 

26 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 Item 6. [Reserved] 

27 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto and Item 1A. Risk Factors included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For comparison and discussion of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 2022 to our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 2021 ), please refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2022. 
 Unless otherwise noted, we present the discussion in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations on a consolidated basis. To the extent that we believe a discussion of the differences among reportable segments will enhance a reader s understanding of our financial condition, cash flows and other changes in financial condition and results of operations, the differences are discussed separately. 
 Unless otherwise noted, all discussion of increases or decreases are for the year ended December 31, 2023 2023 compared to 2022. The following discussion of Franchised Dealerships Segment new vehicles, used vehicles, wholesale vehicles, parts, service and collision repair, and finance, insurance and other, net is on a same store basis, except where otherwise noted. All currently operating franchised dealership stores are included within the same store group as of the first full month following the first anniversary of the store s opening or acquisition. The following discussion of EchoPark Segment used vehicles, wholesale vehicles, and finance, insurance and other, net is on a reported basis, except where otherwise noted. All currently operating EchoPark stores in a local geographic market are included within the same market group as of the first full month following the first anniversary of the market s opening or acquisition. The following discussion of Powersports Segment new vehicles, used vehicles, wholesale vehicles, parts, service and collision repair, and finance, insurance and other, net is on a reported basis, except where otherwise noted. All currently operating stores in the Powersports Segment are included within the same store group as of the first full month following the first anniversary of the store s opening or acquisition. 
 
 Overview 
 We are one of the largest automotive retailers in the U.S. (as measured by reported total revenue). As a result of the way we manage our business, we had three reportable segments as of December 31, 2023: (1) the Franchised Dealerships Segment; (2) the EchoPark Segment; and (3) the Powersports Segment. For management and operational reporting purposes, we group certain businesses together that share management and inventory (principally used vehicles) into stores. As of December 31, 2023, we operated 108 stores in the Franchised Dealerships Segment, 25 stores in the EchoPark Segment, and 13 stores in the Powersports Segment. The Franchised Dealerships Segment consists of 134 new vehicle franchises (representing 28 different brands of cars and light trucks) and 16 collision repair centers in 18 states. The EchoPark Segment operates in 11 states and the Powersports Segment operates in two states. 
 The Franchised Dealerships Segment provides comprehensive sales and services, including: (1) sales of both new and used cars and light trucks; (2) sales of replacement parts and performance of vehicle maintenance, manufacturer warranty repairs, and paint and collision repair services (collectively, Fixed Operations and (3) arrangement of third-party financing, extended warranties, service contracts, insurance and other aftermarket products (collectively, F I for our guests. The EchoPark Segment sells used cars and light trucks and arranges third-party F I product sales for our guests in pre-owned vehicle specialty retail locations, and does not offer customer-facing Fixed Operations services. The Powersports Segment offers guests: (1) sales of both new and used powersports vehicles (such as motorcycles, personal watercraft and all-terrain vehicles); (2) Fixed Operations activities; and (3) F I services. All three segments generally operate independently of one another with the exception of certain shared back-office functions and corporate overhead costs. 
 
 28 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Executive Summary 
 Retail Automotive Industry Performance 
 The U.S. retail automotive industry s total new vehicle (retail and fleet combined) unit sales volume was approximately 15.5 million vehicles in 2023, an increase of 13 , compared to approximately 13.7 million vehicles in 2022, according to the Power Information Network PIN from J.D. Power. We currently estimate the 2024 new vehicle industry volume will be between 15.5 million vehicles (flat compared to 2023) and 16.0 million vehicles (an increase of 3 compared to 2023). The effects of interest rates, changes in consumer confidence, availability of consumer financing, manufacturer inventory production levels, incentive levels from automotive manufacturers or shifts in such levels, or timing of consumer demand as a result of economic conditions, natural disasters or other unforeseen circumstances could cause the actual 2024 new vehicle industry volume to vary from expectations. Many factors, including brand and geographic concentrations as well as the industry sales mix between retail and fleet new vehicle unit sales volume, have caused our past results to differ from the industry s overall trend. Our new vehicle sales strategy focuses on our retail new vehicle sales (as opposed to fleet new vehicle sales) and, as a result, we believe it is appropriate to compare our retail new vehicle unit sales volume to the retail new vehicle industry volume (which excludes fleet new vehicle sales). According to PIN from J.D. Power, industry retail new vehicle unit sales volume increased 9 , to approximately 12.7 million vehicles, in 2023, from approximately 11.7 million vehicles in 2022. 
 Impairment Charges 
 Impairment charges were approximately 79.3 million and 320.4 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively. Impairment charges for 2023 included approximately 78.3 million in the EchoPark Segment related to fixed assets, lease right-of-use assets, and other contractual obligations related to abandoned property as a result of our decisions to indefinitely suspend operations at certain EchoPark locations, and approximately 1.0 million of property and equipment impairment charges related to the Franchised Dealerships Segment. Impairment charges for 2022 included approximately 202.9 million of goodwill related to the EchoPark Segment, approximately 116.4 million of franchise asset impairment charges, of which approximately 114.4 million is related to the Franchised Dealerships Segment and approximately 2.0 million is related to the EchoPark Segment, and approximately 1.1 million of charges related to the abandonment of certain construction projects in the Franchised Dealerships Segment. 
 Franchised Dealerships Segment 
 As a result of the acquisition, disposition, termination or closure of several franchised dealership stores in 2022 and 2023, the change in consolidated reported amounts from period to period may not be indicative of the current or future operational or financial performance of our current group of operating stores. Unless otherwise noted, all discussion of increases or decreases are for 2023 compared to 2022. The following discussion is on a same store basis (which excludes results from disposed stores), except where otherwise noted. All currently operating franchised dealership stores are included within the same store group as of the first full month following the first anniversary of the store s opening or acquisition. 
 Retail new vehicle revenue increased 12 in 2023, primarily driven by an 8 increase in retail new vehicle unit sales volume, combined with a 3 increase in retail new vehicle average selling price. Retail new vehicle gross profit decreased 21 in 2023, as a result of lower retail new vehicle gross profit per unit, offset partially by higher retail new vehicle unit sales volume. Retail new vehicle gross profit per unit decreased 1,774 per unit, or 27 , to 4,849 per unit, due primarily to increased price competition as a result of higher levels of available inventory and higher inventory acquisition costs, which combined to drive lower retail new vehicle gross profit per unit. On a trailing quarter cost of sales basis, our reported Franchised Dealerships Segment new vehicle inventory days supply was approximately 37 days as of December 31, 2023, compared to 24 days as of December 31, 2022. 
 Retail used vehicle revenue decreased 10 in 2023, driven by a 7 decrease in retail used vehicle unit sales volume, combined with a 3 decrease in retail used vehicle average selling price. Retail used vehicle gross profit decreased 6 in 2023, due primarily to the reduction in retail used vehicle unit sales volume, as well as a lower volume of off-lease inventory and challenges related to consumer affordability. Wholesale vehicle gross profit (loss) improved by approximately 3.0 million, to a gross loss of 2.5 million during 2023, due primarily to a 114 per unit, or 48 , improvement in wholesale vehicle gross profit per unit as a result of changes in pricing and demand for vehicles at wholesale auction. We generally focus on maintaining used vehicle inventory days supply in the 25- to 35-day range, which may fluctuate seasonally, in order to limit our exposure to market pricing volatility. On a trailing quarter cost of sales basis, our reported Franchised Dealerships Segment used vehicle inventory days supply was approximately 29 days as of December 31, 2023, compared to 26 days as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 29 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Fixed Operations revenue increased 8 and Fixed Operations gross profit increased 9 in 2023, driven primarily by higher repair order volume and higher parts and labor costs that were passed along to customers. Fixed Operations gross margin increased 10 basis points, to 49.6 , in 2023, driven primarily by an increase in customer pay revenue contribution and higher customer pay and warranty gross margin. 
 F I revenue remained flat in 2023, due to flat year-over-year combined retail new and used vehicle unit sales volume. F I gross profit per retail unit decreased 10 per unit to 2,411 per unit, in 2023. We believe that our proprietary software applications, playbook processes and guest-centric selling approach enable us to optimize F I gross profit and penetration rates (the number of F I products sold per vehicle) across our F I product lines. 
 EchoPark Segment 
 Unless otherwise noted, all discussion of increases or decreases are for 2023 compared to 2022. The following discussion is on a reported basis, except where otherwise noted as being on a same market basis. All currently operating EchoPark stores in a local geographic market are included within the same market group as of the first full month following the first anniversary of the market s opening or acquisition. Same market results may vary significantly from reported results due to store closures during 2023, as the closed stores are not included in the same market results. 
 On June 22, 2023, Sonic announced a plan to indefinitely suspend operations at eight EchoPark locations and 14 related delivery/buy centers. In addition, during the third quarter of 2023, we closed three Northwest Motorsport locations within the EchoPark Segment. In connection with these closures, Sonic recorded a charge totaling approximately 75.2 million during the second quarter of 2023. This charge included impairments of 32.5 million related to fixed assets, 16.0 million related to right-of-use assets and 14.1 million related to cease-use accruals; 0.4 million related to lease exit charges; 10.0 million of inventory valuation adjustments (of which 5.8 million related to stores with ongoing operations at EchoPark locations and 1.9 million relates to ongoing operations of Northwest Motorsport locations); and 2.2 million related to severance. During the third quarter of 2023, we recorded approximately 4.8 million in additional charges related to the Northwest Motorsport store closures, which included 3.9 million of lease exit charges and 0.9 million related to severance. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2023, we recorded fixed asset and right-of-use assets impairment charges of approximately 16.7 million for the EchoPark Segment. In January 2024, after the end of the fiscal year, we closed the remaining seven Northwest Motorsport stores. 
 Reported total revenues decreased 1 in 2023, driven primarily by a 12 decrease in average retail used vehicle selling price, offset partially by a 13 increase in total vehicle unit sales volume (retail used vehicles and wholesale vehicles combined). Reported total gross profit decreased 8 in 2023, primarily due to an approximately 300 decrease in retail used vehicle gross profit (loss) per unit, offset partially by higher retail used vehicle unit sales volume and an increase in F I gross profit and an increase in F I gross profit per unit. 
 Reported retail used vehicle revenue increased 1 , due to a 15 increase in retail used vehicle unit sales volume, partially offset by a 12 decrease in retail used vehicle revenue per unit. F I revenue increased 7 in 2023, driven primarily by a 15 increase in retail used vehicle unit sales volume, offset partially by a 7 decrease in F I gross profit per unit. Combined retail used vehicle and F I gross profit per unit decreased 474 per unit, or 18 , to 2,183 per unit in 2023, primarily due to a 438 decrease in used vehicle gross profit per unit. 
 Reported wholesale vehicle gross profit decreased approximately 2.3 million in 2023, primarily due to a decrease in wholesale vehicle gross profit per unit. We generally focus on maintaining EchoPark Segment used vehicle inventory days supply in the 30- to 40-day range, which may fluctuate seasonally, in order to limit our exposure to market pricing volatility. On a trailing quarter cost of sales basis, our reported used vehicle inventory days supply in our EchoPark Segment was approximately 36 days as of December 31, 2023, as compared to 40 days as of December 31, 2022. 
 Same market total revenues increased 51 in 2023, driven primarily by a 65 increase in retail used vehicle unit sales volume. Same market total gross profit increased 82 in 2023, driven primarily by an increase in retail used vehicle unit sales volume and higher combined retail used vehicle and F I gross profit per unit. 
 
 30 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Powersports Segment 
 Unless otherwise noted, all discussion of increases or decreases are for 2023 compared to 2022. The following discussion is on a reported basis, except where otherwise noted as being on a same store basis. All currently operating powersports stores are included within the same store group as of the first full month following the anniversary of the store s opening or acquisition. Due to the timing of acquisitions in the Powersports Segment, which include seven stores acquired in August 2022 and five stores acquired in February 2023, year-over-year comparisons are not representative of expected growth rates in future periods. 
 Reported retail new vehicle revenue increased 179 in 2023, primarily driven by a 204 increase in retail new vehicle unit sales volume, offset partially by an 8 decrease in retail new vehicle average selling price. Retail new vehicle gross profit increased 159 in 2023, as a result of higher retail new vehicle unit sales volume, offset partially by lower retail new vehicle gross profit per unit. Retail new vehicle gross profit per unit decreased 539 per unit, or 14 , to 3,435 per unit, due primarily to lower retail new vehicle average selling prices. On a trailing quarter cost of sales basis, our reported Powersports Segment new vehicle inventory days supply was approximately 183 days as of December 31, 2023, compared to 119 days as of December 31, 2022. We believe that in a normal production environment, the level of new vehicle inventory days supply in our Powersports Segment should be in the 90- to 120-day range, depending on seasonality. 
 Reported retail used vehicle revenue increased 175 in 2023, primarily driven by a 283 increase in retail used vehicle unit sales volume, offset partially by a 29 decrease in retail used vehicle average selling price. Retail used vehicle gross profit increased 170 in 2023, as a result of higher retail used vehicle unit sales volume. Retail used vehicle gross profit per unit decreased 955 per unit, or 29 , to 2,394 per unit, due primarily to lower retail used vehicle average selling prices. On a trailing quarter cost of sales basis, our reported Powersports Segment used vehicle inventory days supply was approximately 118 days as of December 31, 2023, compared to 141 days as of December 31, 2022. Going forward, we generally expect to maintain a used vehicle inventory days supply in our Powersports Segment in the 75- to 100-day range, depending on seasonality. 
 Reported Fixed Operations revenue increased 287 and Fixed Operations gross profit increased 267 in 2023, driven primarily by higher repair order volume and higher parts and labor costs that were passed along to consumers. Fixed Operations gross margin decreased 310 basis points to 47.0 in 2023, driven primarily by a decrease in customer pay and warranty revenue contribution and lower customer pay and warranty gross margin. 
 Reported F I revenue increased 177 in 2023, driven primarily by a 226 increase in combined retail new and used vehicle unit sales volume, offset partially by lower F I gross profit per retail unit. F I gross profit per retail unit decreased 188 per unit, or 16 , to 1,017 per unit in 2023. 
 
 31 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes the percentages of total revenues represented by certain items reflected in our consolidated statements of operations: 
 Percentage of Total Revenues Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenues: New vehicles 44.5 40.9 41.3 Used vehicles 36.3 39.4 39.3 Wholesale vehicles 2.2 3.5 3.0 Parts, service and collision repair 12.2 11.4 11.3 Finance, insurance and other, net 4.8 4.8 5.1 Total revenues 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales 84.4 83.5 84.6 Gross profit 15.6 16.5 15.4 Selling, general and administrative expenses 11.1 11.1 10.3 Impairment charges 0.6 2.3 Depreciation and amortization 1.0 0.9 0.8 Operating income 2.9 2.2 4.3 Interest expense, floor plan 0.5 0.2 0.1 Interest expense, other, net 0.8 0.6 0.4 Other income (expense), net 0.1 Income (loss) before taxes 
 1.7 1.4 3.7 Provision for income taxes - benefit (expense) 
 0.4 0.7 0.9 Net income (loss) 
 1.2 0.6 2.8 

Results of Operations - Consolidated 
 As a result of the acquisition, disposition, termination or closure of several franchised dealership stores in 2022 and 2023, the change in consolidated reported amounts from period to period may not be indicative of the current or future operational or financial performance of our current group of operating stores. 
 
 New Vehicles - Consolidated 
 New vehicle revenues include the sale of new vehicles, including new powersports vehicles, to retail customers, as well as the sale of fleet vehicles to businesses for use in their operations. New vehicle revenues and gross profit can be influenced by vehicle manufacturer incentives to consumers (which vary from cash-back incentives to low interest rate financing, among other things), the availability of consumer credit and the level and type of manufacturer-to-dealer incentives, as well as manufacturers providing adequate inventory allocations to our dealerships to meet consumer demand. The automobile manufacturing industry is cyclical and historically has experienced periodic downturns characterized by oversupply and weak demand, both within specific brands and in the industry as a whole. As an automotive retailer, we seek to mitigate the effects of this sales cycle by maintaining a diverse brand mix of dealerships. Our brand diversity allows us to offer a broad range of products at a wide range of prices from lower-priced economy automobiles to luxury automobiles and powersports vehicles. 
 The U.S. retail automotive industry s new vehicle unit sales volume below reflects all brands marketed or sold in the U.S. This industry sales volume includes brands we do not sell and markets in which we do not operate, therefore changes in our new vehicle unit sales volume may not trend directly in line with changes in the industry new vehicle unit sales volume. We believe that the retail new vehicle industry sales volume is a more meaningful metric for comparing our new vehicle unit sales volume to the industry due to our minimal fleet vehicle business. 

32 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 U.S. retail new vehicle industry volume, fleet new vehicle industry volume, and total new vehicle industry volume were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change (In millions of vehicles) U.S. industry volume - Retail new vehicle (1) 12.7 11.7 9 U.S. industry volume - Fleet new vehicle 2.8 2.0 38 U.S. industry volume - Total new vehicle (1) 15.5 13.7 13 
 
 (1) Source: PIN from J.D. Power 
 
 We currently estimate the 2024 new vehicle industry volume will be between 15.5 million vehicles (flat compared to 2023) and 16.0 million vehicles (an increase of 3 compared to 2023). The effects of availability of new and used vehicle inventory, interest rates, changes in consumer confidence, availability of consumer financing, manufacturer inventory production levels, incentive levels from automotive manufacturers or shifts in such levels, or timing of consumer demand as a result of economic conditions, natural disasters or other unforeseen circumstances could cause the actual 2024 new vehicle industry volume to vary from expectations. 
 Our consolidated reported new vehicle results (combined retail and fleet data) were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Reported new vehicle: Retail new vehicle revenue 6,304.6 5,622.6 682.0 12 Fleet new vehicle revenue 92.2 99.4 (7.2) (7) Total new vehicle revenue 6,396.8 5,722.0 674.8 12 Retail new vehicle gross profit 535.4 662.8 (127.4) (19) Fleet new vehicle gross profit 4.0 4.9 (0.9) (18) Total new vehicle gross profit 539.4 667.7 (128.3) (19) Retail new vehicle unit sales 112,110 101,168 10,942 11 Fleet new vehicle unit sales 2,000 2,115 (115) (5) Total new vehicle unit sales 114,110 103,283 10,827 10 Revenue per new retail unit 56,236 55,577 659 1 Revenue per new fleet unit 46,094 47,011 (917) (2) Total revenue per new unit 56,058 55,402 656 1 Gross profit per new retail unit 4,776 6,552 (1,776) (27) Gross profit per new fleet unit 1,989 2,293 (304) (13) Total gross profit per new unit 4,727 6,464 (1,737) (27) Retail gross profit as a of revenue 8.5 11.8 (330) bps Fleet gross profit as a of revenue 4.3 4.9 (60) bps Total new vehicle gross profit as a of revenue 8.4 11.7 (330) bps 
 
 33 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 For further analysis of new vehicle results, see the tables and discussion under the headings New Vehicles - Franchised Dealerships Segment and New Vehicles - Powersports Segment in the Franchised Dealerships Segment and Powersports Segment sections, respectively, below. 
 
 Used Vehicles - Consolidated 
 Used vehicle revenues include the sale of used vehicles, including used powersports vehicles, to retail customers and at wholesale. Used vehicle revenues are directly affected by a number of factors, including consumer demand for used vehicles, the pricing and level of manufacturer incentives on new vehicles, the number and quality of trade-ins and lease turn-ins available to our dealerships, the availability and pricing of used vehicles acquired at wholesale auction, and the availability of consumer credit. 
 As a result of low levels of new vehicle inventory and a heightened demand for used vehicles by automobile dealers and rental car companies at wholesale auction, used vehicle prices reached an all-time high in 2022 and remain elevated above historical levels. Depending on the mix of inventory sourcing (trade-ins or purchases from customers versus wholesale auction), the days supply of used vehicle inventory, and the pricing strategy employed by the dealership, retail used vehicle gross profit per unit and retail used vehicle gross profit as a percentage of revenue may vary significantly from historical levels given the current used vehicle environment. 
 Our consolidated reported retail used vehicle results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Reported retail used vehicle: Revenue 5,213.6 5,515.4 (301.8) (5) Gross profit 151.2 180.8 (29.6) (16) Unit sales 176,147 173,209 2,938 2 Revenue per unit 29,598 31,842 (2,244) (7) Gross profit per unit 859 1,044 (185) (18) Gross profit as a of revenue 2.9 3.3 (40) bps 
 For further analysis of used vehicle results, see the tables and discussion under the headings Used Vehicles - Franchised Dealerships Segment, Used Vehicles and F I - EchoPark Segment and Used Vehicles - Powersports Segment in the Franchised Dealerships Segment, EchoPark Segment and Powersports Segment sections, respectively, below. 
 
 Wholesale Vehicles - Consolidated 
 Wholesale vehicle revenues are affected by retail new and used vehicle unit sales volume and the associated trade-in volume, as well as short-term, temporary and seasonal fluctuations in wholesale auction pricing. In recent years, wholesale vehicle prices and supply at auction have experienced periods of volatility, impacting our wholesale vehicle revenues and related gross profit (loss), as well as our retail used vehicle revenues and related gross profit. We believe that the current wholesale vehicle price environment is not sustainable in the long term and expect that average wholesale vehicle pricing and related gross profit (loss) will continue to return toward long-term normalized levels in the long run, but may continue to experience volatility into 2024 or beyond. Wholesale vehicle revenues are also significantly affected by our corporate inventory management strategy and policies, which are designed to optimize our total used vehicle inventory and expected gross profit levels and minimize inventory carrying risks. 
 
 34 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Our consolidated reported wholesale vehicle results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Reported wholesale vehicle: Revenue 318.8 484.9 (166.1) (34) Gross profit (loss) (2.6) (3.1) 0.5 16 Unit sales 32,330 35,323 (2,993) (8) Revenue per unit 9,860 13,727 (3,867) (28) Gross profit (loss) per unit (80) (87) 7 8 Gross profit (loss) as a of revenue (0.8) (0.6) (20) bps 
 For further analysis of wholesale vehicle results, see the tables and discussion under the headings Wholesale Vehicles - Franchised Dealerships Segment, Wholesale Vehicles - EchoPark Segment and Wholesale Vehicles - Powersports Segment in the Franchised Dealerships Segment, EchoPark Segment and Powersports Segment sections, respectively, below. 
 
 Fixed Operations - Consolidated 
 Parts, service and collision repair revenues consist of repairs and maintenance requested and paid by customers customer pay ), warranty repairs (manufacturer-paid), wholesale parts (sales of parts and accessories to third-party automotive repair businesses) and internal, sublet and other. Parts and service revenue is driven by the volume and mix of warranty repairs versus customer pay repairs, available service capacity (a combination of service bay count and technician availability), vehicle quality, manufacturer recalls, customer loyalty, and prepaid or manufacturer-paid maintenance programs. Internal, sublet and other primarily relates to preparation and reconditioning work performed on vehicles in inventory that are later sold to a third party and may vary based on used vehicle inventory and sales volume from period to period. When that work is performed by one of our dealerships or stores, the work is classified as internal. In the event the work is performed by a third party on our behalf, it is classified as sublet. 
 We believe that, over time, vehicle quality will continue to improve, but vehicle complexity and the associated demand for repairs by qualified technicians at manufacturer-affiliated dealerships may result in market share gains that could offset any revenue lost from improvement in vehicle quality. We also believe that, over the long term, we have the ability to continue to optimize service capacity and customer retention at our dealerships and stores to further increase Fixed Operations revenues. Manufacturers continue to extend new vehicle warranty periods (in particular for BEVs) and have also begun to include regular maintenance items in the warranty or complimentary maintenance program coverage. These factors, over the long term, combined with the extended manufacturer warranties on CPO vehicles, should facilitate growth in our parts and service business. Barriers to long-term growth may include reductions in the rate paid by manufacturers to dealers for warranty repair work performed, as well as the improved quality and design of vehicles that may affect the level and frequency of future customer pay or warranty-related repair revenues. 
 
 35 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Our consolidated reported Fixed Operations results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions) Reported Fixed Operations: Revenue Customer pay 822.8 740.9 81.9 11 Warranty 240.1 227.1 13.0 6 Wholesale parts 208.6 198.5 10.1 5 Internal, sublet and other 488.0 433.2 54.8 13 Total revenue 1,759.5 1,599.7 159.8 10 Gross profit Customer pay 459.9 413.5 46.4 11 Warranty 141.4 132.3 9.1 7 Wholesale parts 37.2 35.7 1.5 4 Internal, sublet and other 235.5 211.0 24.5 12 Total gross profit 874.0 792.5 81.5 10 Gross profit as a of revenue Customer pay 55.9 57.9 (200) bps Warranty 58.9 58.3 60 bps Wholesale parts 17.8 18.0 (20) bps Internal, sublet and other 48.3 46.8 150 bps Total gross profit as a of revenue 49.7 49.5 20 bps 
 For further analysis of Fixed Operations results, see the tables and discussion under the headings Fixed Operations - Franchised Dealerships Segment and Fixed Operations - Powersports Segment in the Franchised Dealerships Segment and Powersports Segment sections, respectively, below. 
 
 F I - Consolidated 
 Finance, insurance and other, net revenues include commissions for arranging third-party vehicle financing and insurance, sales of third-party extended warranties and service contracts for vehicles, and sales of other aftermarket products. In connection with vehicle financing, extended warranties and service contracts, other aftermarket products and insurance contracts, we receive commissions from the third-party providers for originating these contracts. F I revenues are recognized net of actual and estimated future chargebacks and other costs associated with originating contracts (as a result, reported F I revenues and F I gross profit are the same amount, resulting in a 100 gross margin for F I). F I revenues are affected by the level of new and retail used vehicle unit sales volume, the age and average selling price of vehicles sold, the level of manufacturer financing specials or leasing incentives, and our F I penetration rates for each type of F I product. The F I penetration rate represents the number of finance contracts, extended warranties and service contracts, other aftermarket products or insurance contracts that we are able to originate per vehicle sold, expressed as a percentage. 
 Yield spread premium is another term for the commission earned by our dealerships for arranging vehicle financing for consumers. The amount of the commission could be zero, a flat fee or an actual spread between the interest rate charged to the consumer and the interest rate provided by the third-party direct financing source (e.g., a commercial bank, credit union or manufacturer captive finance company). We have established caps on the potential yield spread premium our dealerships can earn with all finance sources. We believe the yield spread premium we earn for arranging vehicle financing represents value to the consumer in numerous ways, including the following: 
 lower cost, below-market financing is often available only from the manufacturers captives and franchised dealers; 
 ease of access to multiple high-quality lending sources; 
 lease-financing alternatives are largely available only from manufacturers captives or other indirect lenders; 
 guests with substandard credit frequently do not have direct access to potential sources of sub-prime financing; and 
 
 36 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 guests with significant negative equity in their current vehicle (i.e., the guest s current vehicle is worth less than the balance of their vehicle loan or lease obligation) frequently are unable to pay off the loan on their current vehicle and finance the purchase or lease of a replacement new or used vehicle without the assistance of a franchised dealership s network of lending sources. 
 Our consolidated reported F I results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Reported F I: Revenue 683.7 679.1 4.6 1 Total combined retail new and used vehicle unit sales 288,257 274,377 13,880 5 Gross profit per retail unit (excludes fleet) 2,372 2,475 (103) (4) 
 
 For further analysis of F I results, see the tables and discussion under the headings F I - Franchised Dealerships Segment, Used Vehicles and F I - EchoPark Segment and F I - Powersports Segment in the Franchised Dealerships Segment, EchoPark Segment and Powersports Segment sections, respectively, below. 
 
 Results of Operations - Franchised Dealerships Segment 
 As a result of the acquisition, disposition, termination or closure of several franchised dealership stores in 2022 and 2023, the change in reported amounts from period to period may not be indicative of the current or future operational or financial performance of our current group of operating stores. Please refer to the tables and discussion on the following pages for a comparison and discussion of financial results on a comparable store basis. 
 
 37 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 New Vehicles - Franchised Dealerships Segment 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of Franchised Dealerships Segment reported basis and same store basis for new vehicles: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit data) Retail new vehicle revenue: Same store 6,145.3 5,508.8 636.5 12 Acquisitions, open points, dispositions and holding company 69.7 72.8 (3.1) NM Total as reported 6,215.0 5,581.6 633.4 11 Fleet new vehicle revenue: Same store 92.1 99.4 (7.3) (7) Acquisitions, open points, dispositions and holding company 0.1 0.1 NM Total as reported 92.2 99.4 (7.2) (7) Total new vehicle revenue: Same store 6,237.4 5,608.2 629.2 11 Acquisitions, open points, dispositions and holding company 69.8 72.8 (3.0) NM Total as reported 6,307.2 5,681.0 626.2 11 Retail new vehicle gross profit: Same store 513.5 647.5 (134.0) (21) Acquisitions, open points, dispositions and holding company 5.2 7.8 (2.6) NM Total as reported 518.7 655.3 (136.6) (21) Fleet new vehicle gross profit: Same store 4.0 4.8 (0.8) (17) Acquisitions, open points, dispositions and holding company 0.1 (0.1) NM Total as reported 4.0 4.9 (0.9) (18) Total new vehicle gross profit: Same store 517.4 652.3 (134.9) (21) Acquisitions, open points, dispositions and holding company 5.3 7.9 (2.6) NM Total as reported 522.7 660.2 (137.5) (21) Retail new vehicle unit sales: Same store 105,891 97,772 8,119 8 Acquisitions, open points, dispositions and holding company 1,366 1,652 (286) NM Total as reported 107,257 99,424 7,833 8 Fleet new vehicle unit sales: Same store 2,000 2,115 (115) (5) Acquisitions, open points, dispositions and holding company NM Total as reported 2,000 2,115 (115) (5) Total new vehicle unit sales: Same store 107,891 99,887 8,004 8 Acquisitions, open points, dispositions and holding company 1,366 1,652 (286) NM Total as reported 109,257 101,539 7,718 8 
 NM = Not Meaningful 
 
 38 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Our Franchised Dealerships Segment reported new vehicle results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Reported new vehicle: Retail new vehicle revenue 6,215.0 5,581.6 633.4 11 Fleet new vehicle revenue 92.2 99.4 (7.2) (7) Total new vehicle revenue 6,307.2 5,681.0 626.2 11 Retail new vehicle gross profit 518.7 655.3 (136.6) (21) Fleet new vehicle gross profit 4.0 4.9 (0.9) (18) Total new vehicle gross profit 522.7 660.2 (137.5) (21) Retail new vehicle unit sales 107,257 99,424 7,833 8 Fleet new vehicle unit sales 2,000 2,115 (115) (5) Total new vehicle unit sales 109,257 101,539 7,718 8 Revenue per new retail unit 57,945 56,139 1,806 3 Revenue per new fleet unit 46,094 47,002 (908) (2) Total revenue per new unit 57,728 55,948 1,780 3 Gross profit per new retail unit 4,836 6,591 (1,755) (27) Gross profit per new fleet unit 1,989 2,292 (303) (13) Total gross profit per new unit 4,784 6,502 (1,718) (26) Retail gross profit as a of revenue 8.3 11.7 (340) bps Fleet gross profit as a of revenue 4.3 4.9 (60) bps Total new vehicle gross profit as a of revenue 8.3 11.6 (330) bps 
 
 39 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Our Franchised Dealerships Segment same store new vehicle results were as follows: Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Same store new vehicle: Retail new vehicle revenue 6,145.3 5,508.8 636.5 12 Fleet new vehicle revenue 92.1 99.4 (7.3) (7) Total new vehicle revenue 6,237.4 5,608.2 629.2 11 Retail new vehicle gross profit 513.5 647.5 (134.0) (21) Fleet new vehicle gross profit 4.0 4.8 (0.8) (17) Total new vehicle gross profit 517.4 652.3 (134.9) (21) Retail new vehicle unit sales 105,891 97,772 8,119 8 Fleet new vehicle unit sales 2,000 2,115 (115) (5) Total new vehicle unit sales 107,891 99,887 8,004 8 Revenue per new retail unit 58,034 56,343 1,691 3 Revenue per new fleet unit 46,094 47,002 (908) (2) Total revenue per new unit 57,813 56,145 1,668 3 Gross profit per new retail unit 4,849 6,623 (1,774) (27) Gross profit per new fleet unit 1,989 2,292 (303) (13) Total gross profit per new unit 4,796 6,531 (1,735) (27) Retail gross profit as a of revenue 8.4 11.8 (340) bps Fleet gross profit as a of revenue 4.3 4.9 (60) bps Total new vehicle gross profit as a of revenue 8.3 11.6 (330) bps 
 Retail new vehicle revenue increased 12 , due primarily to an 8 increase in retail new vehicle unit sales volume, as well as a 3 increase in retail new vehicle average selling price. Retail new vehicle gross profit decreased approximately 134.0 million, or 21 , as a result of lower retail new vehicle gross profit per unit. Retail new vehicle gross profit per unit decreased 1,774 per unit, or 27 , to 4,849 per unit, due primarily to increased price competition as a result of higher levels of available inventory than in the prior year and higher inventory acquisition costs. On a trailing quarter cost of sales basis, our reported Franchised Dealerships Segment new vehicle inventory days supply was approximately 37 and 24 days as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 40 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Used Vehicles - Franchised Dealerships Segment 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of Franchised Dealerships Segment reported basis and same store basis for retail used vehicles: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit data) Retail used vehicle revenue: Same store 3,012.1 3,334.4 (322.3) (10) Acquisitions, open points, dispositions and holding company 38.2 57.1 (18.9) NM Total as reported 3,050.3 3,391.5 (341.2) (10) Retail used vehicle gross profit: Same store 161.1 171.3 (10.2) (6) Acquisitions, open points, dispositions and holding company 1.8 3.1 (1.3) NM Total as reported 162.9 174.4 (11.5) (7) Retail used vehicle unit sales: Same store 98,841 106,320 (7,479) (7) Acquisitions, open points, dispositions and holding company 1,369 2,192 (823) NM Total as reported 100,210 108,512 (8,302) (8) 
 NM = Not Meaningful 
 Our Franchised Dealerships Segment reported retail used vehicle results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Reported retail used vehicle: Revenue 3,050.3 3,391.5 (341.2) (10) Gross profit 162.9 174.4 (11.5) (7) Unit sales 100,210 108,512 (8,302) (8) Revenue per unit 30,439 31,254 (815) (3) Gross profit per unit 1,626 1,607 19 1 Gross profit as a of revenue 5.3 5.1 20 bps 
 
 41 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Our Franchised Dealerships Segment same store retail used vehicle results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Same store retail used vehicle: Revenue 3,012.1 3,334.4 (322.3) (10) Gross profit 161.1 171.3 (10.2) (6) Unit sales 98,841 106,320 (7,479) (7) Revenue per unit 30,474 31,362 (888) (3) Gross profit per unit 1,630 1,611 19 1 Gross profit as a of revenue 5.4 5.1 30 bps 
 Retail used vehicle revenue decreased approximately 322.3 million, or 10 , driven primarily by a 3 decrease in retail used vehicle average selling price, as well as a 7 decrease in retail used vehicle unit sales volume. Retail used vehicle gross profit decreased approximately 10.2 million, or 6 , driven primarily by a 7 decrease in retail used vehicle unit sales volume, partially offset by a 19 per unit, or 1 , increase in retail used vehicle gross profit per unit during 2023. 
 On a trailing quarter cost of sales basis, our reported Franchised Dealerships Segment used vehicle inventory days supply was approximately 29 and 26 days as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Wholesale Vehicles - Franchised Dealerships Segment 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of Franchised Dealerships Segment reported basis and same store basis for wholesale vehicles: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit data) Total wholesale vehicle revenue: Same store 202.2 309.1 (106.9) (35) Acquisitions, open points, dispositions, and holding company 2.3 4.9 (2.6) NM Total as reported 204.5 314.0 (109.5) (35) Total wholesale vehicle gross profit (loss): Same store (2.5) (5.5) 3.0 55 Acquisitions, open points, dispositions, and holding company (0.8) (0.8) NM Total as reported (3.3) (6.3) 3.0 48 Total wholesale vehicle unit sales: Same store 20,333 23,630 (3,297) (14) Acquisitions, open points, dispositions, and holding company 269 422 (153) NM Total as reported 20,602 24,052 (3,450) (14) 
 NM = Not Meaningful 
 
 42 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Our Franchised Dealerships Segment reported wholesale vehicle results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Reported wholesale vehicle: Revenue 204.5 314.0 (109.5) (35) Gross profit (loss) (3.3) (6.3) 3.0 48 Unit sales 20,602 24,052 (3,450) (14) Revenue per unit 9,933 13,052 (3,119) (24) Gross profit (loss) per unit (156) (260) 104 40 Gross profit (loss) as a of revenue (1.6) (2.0) 40 bps 
 Our Franchised Dealerships Segment same store wholesale vehicle results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Same store wholesale vehicle: Revenue 202.2 309.1 (106.9) (35) Gross profit (loss) (2.5) (5.5) 3.0 55 Unit sales 20,333 23,630 (3,297) (14) Revenue per unit 9,949 13,081 (3,132) (24) Gross profit (loss) per unit (124) (238) 114 48 Gross profit (loss) as a of revenue 5.4 5.1 30 bps 
 Same store wholesale vehicle revenue decreased 35 , driven primarily by a 24 decrease in wholesale vehicle revenue per unit and a 14 decrease in wholesale vehicle unit sales volume in 2023. The decline in wholesale vehicle unit sales volume was driven by a reduction in trade-in inventory volume and an increase in the supply of new vehicle inventory, resulting in a shift in the sales mix from used vehicles to new vehicles. Wholesale vehicle gross loss improved by approximately 3.0 million, driven primarily by a 114 per unit improvement in wholesale vehicle gross loss per unit during 2023. 
 
 Fixed Operations - Franchised Dealerships Segment 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of Franchised Dealerships Segment reported basis and same store basis for Fixed Operations: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions) Total Fixed Operations revenue: Same store 1,696.4 1,565.8 130.6 8 Acquisitions, open points, dispositions and holding company 17.8 22.2 (4.4) NM Total as reported 1,714.2 1,588.0 126.2 8 Total Fixed Operations gross profit: Same store 842.2 774.8 67.4 9 Acquisitions, open points, dispositions and holding company 10.5 11.9 (1.4) NM Total as reported 852.7 786.7 66.0 8 
 NM = Not Meaningful 
 
 43 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Our Franchised Dealerships Segment reported Fixed Operations results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions) Reported Fixed Operations: Revenue Customer pay 810.8 735.4 75.4 10 Warranty 238.8 226.4 12.4 5 Wholesale parts 207.8 198.2 9.6 5 Internal, sublet and other 456.8 428.0 28.8 7 Total revenue 1,714.2 1,588.0 126.2 8 Gross profit Customer pay 453.6 410.2 43.4 11 Warranty 140.7 131.9 8.8 7 Wholesale parts 37.1 35.7 1.4 4 Internal, sublet and other 221.3 208.9 12.4 6 Total gross profit 852.7 786.7 66.0 8 Gross profit as a of revenue Customer pay 55.9 55.8 10 bps Warranty 58.9 58.2 70 bps Wholesale parts 17.8 18.0 (20) bps Internal, sublet and other 48.5 48.8 (30) bps Total gross profit as a of revenue 49.7 49.5 20 bps 
 
 44 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Our Franchised Dealerships Segment same store Fixed Operations results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions) Same store Fixed Operations: Revenue Customer pay 802.7 726.1 76.6 11 Warranty 235.5 222.4 13.1 6 Wholesale parts 206.5 196.3 10.2 5 Internal, sublet and other 451.7 421.0 30.7 7 Total revenue 1,696.4 1,565.8 130.6 8 Gross profit Customer pay 449.0 405.5 43.5 11 Warranty 138.9 129.9 9.0 7 Wholesale parts 36.8 35.2 1.6 5 Internal, sublet and other 217.5 204.2 13.3 7 Total gross profit 842.2 774.8 67.4 9 Gross profit as a of revenue Customer pay 55.9 55.8 10 bps Warranty 59.0 58.4 60 bps Wholesale parts 17.8 17.9 (10) bps Internal, sublet and other 48.2 48.5 (30) bps Total gross profit as a of revenue 49.6 49.5 10 bps 
 Fixed Operations revenue increased approximately 130.6 million, or 8 , and Fixed Operations gross profit increased approximately 67.4 million, or 9 . Customer pay gross profit increased approximately 43.5 million, or 11 , warranty gross profit increased approximately 9.0 million, or 7 , wholesale parts gross profit increased approximately 1.6 million, or 5 , and internal, sublet and other gross profit increased approximately 13.3 million, or 7 . As consumer activity and vehicle miles driven have continued to improve from pandemic-induced lows in early 2020, we have experienced a recovery in Fixed Operations activity (in particular, related to customer pay repairs), and are currently operating above pre-pandemic levels and expect to continue to see growth in Fixed Operations revenues and gross profit in 2024. 
 
 45 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 F I - Franchised Dealerships Segment 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of Franchised Dealerships Segment reported basis and same store basis for F I: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Total F I revenue: Same store 493.6 494.0 (0.4) Acquisitions, open points, dispositions and holding company 5.0 16.1 (11.1) NM Total as reported 498.6 510.1 (11.5) (2) Total F I gross profit per retail unit (excludes fleet): Same store 2,411 2,421 (10) Reported 2,403 2,453 (50) (2) Total combined retail new and used vehicle unit sales: Same store 204,732 204,092 640 Acquisitions, open points, dispositions and holding company 2,735 3,844 (1,109) NM Total as reported 207,467 207,936 (469) 
 NM = Not Meaningful 
 Our Franchised Dealerships Segment reported F I results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Reported F I: Revenue 498.6 510.1 (11.5) (2) Total combined retail new and used vehicle unit sales 207,467 207,936 (469) Gross profit per retail unit (excludes fleet) 2,403 2,453 (50) (2) 
 
 46 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Our Franchised Dealerships Segment same store F I results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Same store F I: Revenue 493.6 494.0 (0.4) Total combined retail new and used vehicle unit sales 204,732 204,092 640 Gross profit per retail unit (excludes fleet) 2,411 2,421 (10) 
 F I revenue remained flat in 2023, due to flat year-over-year combined retail new and used vehicle unit sales volume. F I gross profit per retail unit decreased 10 per unit to 2,411 per unit, primarily due to a decrease in gross profit per finance contract and lower finance contract penetration rates. 
 Finance contract revenue decreased 5 , primarily due to a 170-basis point decrease in the combined new and used vehicle finance contract penetration rate. Service contract revenue increased 12 , primarily due to an 18 increase in gross profit per service contract, offset partially by a 250-basis point decrease in the service contract penetration rate. Other aftermarket contract revenue increased 7 , driven primarily by a 10 increase in gross profit per other aftermarket contract, offset partially by a 430-basis point decrease in the other aftermarket contract penetration rate. We believe that elevated interest rates during 2023 had a negative impact on consumer affordability, which contributed to lower penetration rates across contract categories. 
 
 Results of Operations - EchoPark Segment 
 All currently operating EchoPark stores in a local geographic market are included within the same market group as of the first full month following the first anniversary of the market s opening or acquisition. Same market results may vary significantly from reported results due to store closures during 2023, as the closed stores are not included in same market results. 
 On June 22, 2023, Sonic announced a plan to indefinitely suspend operations at eight EchoPark locations and 14 related delivery/buy centers. In addition, during the third quarter of 2023, we closed three Northwest Motorsport locations within the EchoPark Segment. In January 2024, we closed the remaining seven Northwest Motorsport stores. In light of these closures, we believe the following discussion of EchoPark Segment results on a same market basis provides a meaningful year-over-year comparison. 
 
 Used Vehicles and F I - EchoPark Segment 
 Our EchoPark operating strategy focuses on maximizing total used vehicle-related gross profit (based on a combination of retail used vehicle unit sales volume, front-end retail used vehicle gross profit (loss) per unit and F I gross profit per retail unit) rather than realizing traditional levels of front-end retail used vehicle gross profit per unit. As such, we believe the best per unit measure of gross profit performance at our EchoPark stores is a combined total gross profit (loss) per retail unit, which includes both front-end retail used vehicle gross profit (loss) and F I gross profit per retail unit sold. See the discussion under the heading Results of Operations - Consolidated for additional discussion of the macro drivers of used vehicle revenues and F I revenues. 
 All Fixed Operations activity at our EchoPark stores supports our used vehicle inventory reconditioning operations and EchoPark stores do not currently perform customer pay repairs or maintenance work and are not permitted to perform manufacturer-paid warranty repairs. As such, reconditioning amounts that are classified as Fixed Operations revenues and cost of sales in our Franchised Dealerships Segment are presented as used vehicle cost of sales for the EchoPark Segment. 
 
 47 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following table provides a reconciliation of EchoPark Segment reported basis, same market basis and new market/closed market basis for retail used vehicles: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit data) Total retail used vehicle revenue: Same market 1,754.7 1,129.2 625.5 55 New markets/closed markets 389.1 987.6 (598.5) NM Total as reported 2,143.8 2,116.8 27.0 1 Total retail used vehicle gross profit (loss): Same market (5.2) (17.2) 12.0 70 New markets/closed markets (11.9) 21.6 (33.5) NM Total as reported (17.1) 4.4 (21.5) (489) Total retail used vehicle unit sales: Same market 65,969 39,933 26,036 65 New markets/closed markets 7,707 24,174 (16,467) NM Total as reported 73,676 64,107 9,569 15 
 NM = Not Meaningful 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of EchoPark Segment reported basis, same market basis and new market/ closed market basis for F I: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions) Total F I revenue: Same market 160.1 101.1 59.0 58 New markets/closed markets 17.8 65.3 (47.5) (73) Total as reported 177.9 166.4 11.5 7 
 
 Our EchoPark Segment reported retail used vehicle and F I results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Reported retail used vehicle and F I: Retail used vehicle revenue 2,143.8 2,116.8 27.0 1 Retail used vehicle gross profit (loss) (17.1) 4.4 (21.5) (489) Retail used vehicle unit sales 73,676 64,107 9,569 15 Retail used vehicle revenue per unit 29,098 33,019 (3,921) (12) F I revenue 177.9 166.4 11.5 7 Combined retail used vehicle gross profit and F I revenue 160.8 170.8 (10.0) (6) Total retail used vehicle and F I gross profit per unit 2,183 2,657 (474) (18) 
 
 48 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Our EchoPark Segment same market retail used vehicle and F I results were as follows: Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Same market retail used vehicle and F I: Retail used vehicle revenue 1,754.7 1,129.2 625.5 55 Retail used vehicle gross profit (loss) (5.2) (17.2) 12.0 70 Retail used vehicle unit sales 65,969 39,933 26,036 65 Retail used vehicle revenue per unit 26,599 28,277 (1,678) (6) F I revenue 160.1 101.1 59.0 58 Combined retail used vehicle gross profit and F I revenue 154.9 83.9 71.0 85 Total retail used vehicle and F I gross profit per unit 2,348 2,100 248 12 
 Used vehicle revenue increased approximately 625.5 million, or 55 , due to a 65 increase in used vehicle unit sales volume, partially offset by a 6 decrease in used vehicle revenue per unit. Combined used vehicle gross profit and F I revenue increased approximately 71.0 million, or 85 , due to a 248, or 12 , increase in total used vehicle and F I gross profit per unit. The increase in total used vehicle and F I gross profit per unit was due primarily to improvement in inventory acquisition cost as a result of sourcing a higher percentage of inventory from non-auction sources, in addition to expanding our inventory to include older vehicles, which typically earn a higher gross profit per unit. 
 Within F I revenue, reported finance contract gross profit increased approximately 10.3 million, or 30 , due to a 58 increase in total finance contracts, partially offset by an 18 decrease in gross profit per finance contract and a 330-basis point decrease in finance contract penetration rate. Reported service contract gross profit increased approximately 15.9 million, or 79 , due to a 54 increase in total service contracts and a 16 increase in gross profit per service contract, partially offset by a 410-basis point decrease in service contract penetration rate. Reported other aftermarket product contract gross profit increased approximately 15.4 million, or 101 , due to a 71 increase in total aftermarket contracts, an 18 increase in total aftermarket contracts, and a 340-basis point increase in other aftermarket product contract penetration rate. 
 On a trailing quarter cost of sales basis, our reported used vehicle inventory days supply in our EchoPark Segment was approximately 36 and 40 days as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We generally focus on maintaining EchoPark Segment used vehicle inventory days supply in the 30- to 40-day range, which may fluctuate seasonally, in order to limit our exposure to market pricing volatility. 
 
 Wholesale Vehicles - EchoPark Segment 
 See the discussion under the heading Results of Operations - Consolidated for additional discussion of the macro drivers of wholesale vehicle revenues. 
 
 49 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following table provides a reconciliation of EchoPark Segment reported basis, same market basis and new market/closed market basis for wholesale vehicles: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit data) Total wholesale vehicle revenue: Same market 73.9 83.9 (10.0) (12) New markets/closed markets 37.8 86.7 (48.9) NM Total as reported 111.7 170.6 (58.9) (35) Total wholesale vehicle gross profit (loss): Same market 0.7 1.8 (1.1) (61) New markets/closed markets 0.2 1.4 (1.2) NM Total as reported 0.9 3.2 (2.3) (72) Total wholesale vehicle unit sales: Same market 9,765 7,497 2,268 30 New markets/closed markets 1,747 3,739 (1,992) NM Total as reported 11,512 11,236 276 2 
 NM = Not Meaningful 
 Our EchoPark Segment reported wholesale vehicle results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Reported wholesale vehicle: Revenue 111.7 170.6 (58.9) (35) Gross profit (loss) 0.9 3.2 (2.3) (72) Unit sales 11,512 11,236 276 2 Revenue per unit 9,693 15,190 (5,497) (36) Gross profit (loss) per unit 72 283 (211) (75) Gross profit (loss) as a of revenue 0.7 1.9 (120) bps 
 Our EchoPark Segment same market wholesale vehicle results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Same market wholesale vehicle: Revenue 73.9 83.9 (10.0) (12) Gross profit (loss) 0.7 1.8 (1.1) (61) Unit sales 9,765 7,497 2,268 30 Revenue per unit 7,568 11,202 (3,634) (32) Gross profit (loss) per unit 75 240 (165) (69) Gross profit (loss) as a of revenue 1.0 2.1 (110) bps 
 Same market wholesale vehicle revenue decreased 12 , driven primarily by a 3,634, or 32 , decrease in same market wholesale vehicle revenue per unit, offset partially by a 30 increase in same market wholesale vehicle unit sales volume. Same market wholesale vehicle gross profit decreased approximately 1.1 million, due primarily to a decrease in same market wholesale vehicle gross profit per unit of 165 per unit. As we adjust the inventory mix of nearly-new versus older model year vehicles sold at retail going forward, the levels of wholesale vehicle revenue and gross profit may vary. 
 
 50 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Results of Operations - Powersports Segment 
 Our Powersports Segment consists of eight stores acquired during 2022 and five stores acquired in the first quarter of 2023. As a result of these acquisitions, the change in reported amounts from period to period may not be indicative of the current or future operational or financial performance of our current group of operating stores. The following discussion of new vehicles, used vehicles, wholesale vehicles, parts, service and collision repair, and finance, insurance and other, net is on a reported basis, except where otherwise noted. Our Powersports Segment results are subject to seasonal variations, such that the second and third quarters are generally expected to contribute higher revenues and segment income than the first and fourth quarters. 
 
 New Vehicles - Powersports Segment 
 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of Powersports Segment reported basis and same store basis for retail new vehicles: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit data) Total retail new vehicle revenue: Same store 24.4 29.5 (5.1) (17) Acquisitions 64.2 2.3 61.9 NM Total as reported 88.6 31.8 56.8 179 Total retail new vehicle gross profit: Same store 3.7 5.9 (2.2) (37) Acquisitions 12.9 0.5 12.4 NM Total as reported 16.6 6.4 10.2 159 Total retail new vehicle unit sales: Same store 1,358 1,480 (122) (8) Acquisitions 3,484 112 3,372 NM Total as reported 4,842 1,592 3,250 204 
 NM = Not Meaningful 
 Our Powersports Segment reported retail new vehicle results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Reported retail new vehicle: Revenue 88.6 31.8 56.8 179 Gross profit 16.6 6.4 10.2 159 Unit sales 4,842 1,592 3,250 204 Revenue per unit 18,301 19,999 (1,698) (8) Gross profit per unit 3,435 3,974 (539) (14) Gross profit as a of revenue 18.8 19.9 (110) bps 

51 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Our Powersports Segment same store new vehicle results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Same store new vehicle: Revenue 24.4 29.5 (5.1) (17) Gross profit 3.7 5.9 (2.2) (37) Unit sales 1,358 1,480 (122) (8) Revenue per unit 17,983 19,941 (1,958) (10) Gross profit per unit 2,707 3,990 (1,283) (32) Gross profit as a of revenue 15.1 20.0 (490) bps 
 Reported retail new vehicle revenue increased 179 , due primarily to a 204 increase in retail new vehicle unit sales volume, partially offset by an 8 decrease in retail new vehicle average selling price. Retail new vehicle gross profit increased approximately 10.2 million, or 159 , due primarily to the timing of acquisitions. Retail new vehicle gross profit per unit decreased 539 per unit, or 14 . Same store retail new vehicle revenue decreased 17 , due primarily to an 8 decrease in retail new vehicle unit sales volume and a 10 decrease in retail new vehicle average selling price. Same store retail new vehicle gross profit decreased approximately 2.2 million, or 37 , due primarily to the timing of acquisitions. Same store retail new vehicle gross profit per unit decreased 1,283 per unit, or 32 , to 2,707 per unit, due primarily to the timing of acquisitions and changes in brand mix. 
 On a trailing quarter cost of sales basis, our reported Powersports Segment new vehicle inventory days supply was approximately 183 days as of December 31, 2023. We believe that in a normal production environment, the level of new vehicle inventory days supply in our Powersports Segment should be in the 90- to 120-day range, depending on seasonality. 
 
 Used Vehicles - Powersports Segment 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of Powersports Segment reported basis and same store basis for retail used vehicles: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit data) Retail used vehicle revenue: Same store 5.2 6.9 (1.7) (25) Acquisitions 14.3 0.2 14.1 NM Total as reported 19.5 7.1 12.4 175 Retail used vehicle gross profit: Same store 1.1 1.9 (0.8) (42) Acquisitions 4.3 0.1 4.2 NM Total as reported 5.4 2.0 3.4 170 Retail used vehicle unit sales: Same store 477 563 (86) (15) Acquisitions 1,784 27 1,757 NM Total as reported 2,261 590 1,671 283 
 NM = Not Meaningful 
 
 52 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Our Powersports Segment reported retail used vehicle results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Reported retail used vehicle: Revenue 19.5 7.1 12.4 175 Gross profit 5.4 2.0 3.4 170 Unit sales 2,261 590 1,671 283 Revenue per unit 8,616 12,093 (3,477) (29) Gross profit per unit 2,394 3,349 (955) (29) Gross profit as a of revenue 27.8 27.7 10 bps 
 Our Powersports Segment same store retail used vehicle results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Same store retail used vehicle: Revenue 5.2 6.9 (1.7) (25) Gross profit 1.1 1.9 (0.8) (42) Unit sales 477 563 (86) (15) Revenue per unit 10,949 12,273 (1,324) (11) Gross profit per unit 2,337 3,359 (1,022) (30) Gross profit as a of revenue 21.3 27.4 (610) bps 
 Reported retail used vehicle revenue increased 175 , due primarily to a 283 increase in retail used vehicle unit sales volume, partially offset by a 29 decrease in retail used vehicle average selling price. Retail used vehicle gross profit increased approximately 3.4 million, or 170 , due primarily to the timing of acquisitions. Retail used vehicle gross profit per unit decreased 955 per unit, or 29 , to 2,394 per unit, due primarily to the timing of acquisitions and changes in brand mix. 
 Same store retail used vehicle revenue decreased 25 , due primarily to a 15 decrease in retail used vehicle unit sales volume and an 11 decrease in retail used vehicle average selling price. Same store retail used vehicle gross profit decreased approximately 0.8 million, or 42 , due primarily to the timing of acquisitions. Same store retail used vehicle gross profit per unit decreased 1,022 per unit, or 30 , to 2,337 per unit, due primarily to the timing of acquisitions and changes in brand mix. 
 On a trailing quarter cost of sales basis, our reported Powersports Segment used vehicle inventory days supply was approximately 118 days as of December 31, 2023. Going forward, we generally expect to maintain a used vehicle inventory days supply in our Powersports Segment in the 75- to 100-day range, depending on seasonality. 
 
 53 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Wholesale Vehicles - Powersports Segment 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of Powersports Segment reported basis and same store basis for wholesale vehicles: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit data) Total wholesale vehicle revenue: Same store 0.7 0.2 0.5 250 Acquisitions 1.9 0.1 1.8 NM Total as reported 2.6 0.3 2.3 767 Total wholesale vehicle gross profit (loss): Same store (0.1) (0.1) Acquisitions (0.1) 0.1 (0.2) NM Total as reported (0.2) (0.2) (100) Total wholesale vehicle unit sales: Same store 17 35 (18) (51) Acquisitions 199 199 NM Total as reported 216 35 181 517 
 NM = Not Meaningful 
 
 Our Powersports Segment reported wholesale vehicle results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) 
 Reported wholesale vehicle: Revenue 2.6 0.3 2.3 767 Gross profit (loss) (0.2) (0.2) (100) Unit sales 216 35 181 517 Revenue per unit 11,810 7,752 4,058 52 Gross profit (loss) per unit (947) (60) (887) NM Gross profit (loss) as a of revenue (8.0) (0.8) (720) bps 
 NM = Not Meaningful 
 
 54 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Our Powersports Segment same store wholesale vehicle results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except per unit data) Same store wholesale vehicle: Revenue 0.7 0.2 0.5 250 Gross profit (loss) (0.1) (0.1) Gross profit (loss) per unit (3,002) (68) (2,934) NM Gross profit (loss) as a of revenue (7.5) (0.9) (660) bps 
 NM = Not Meaningful 
 Reported wholesale vehicle revenue increased approximately 2.3 million, driven primarily by a 517 increase in wholesale vehicle unit sales volume and a 4,058, or 52 , increase in wholesale vehicle revenue per unit. Reported wholesale vehicle gross profit decreased approximately 0.2 million driven by an 887 decrease in wholesale vehicle gross loss per unit. 
 Same store wholesale vehicle revenue increased approximately 0.5 million. Same store wholesale vehicle gross profit remained flat. 
 
 Fixed Operations - Powersports Segment 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of Powersports Segment reported basis and same store basis for Fixed Operations: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions) Total Fixed Operations revenue: Same store 9.6 11.0 (1.4) (13) Acquisitions 35.7 0.7 35.0 NM Total as reported 45.3 11.7 33.6 287 Total Fixed Operations gross profit: Same store 4.3 5.5 (1.2) (22) Acquisitions 17.0 0.3 16.7 NM Total as reported 21.3 5.8 15.5 267 
 NM = Not Meaningful 

55 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Our Powersports Segment reported Fixed Operations results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions) Reported Fixed Operations: Revenue Customer pay 12.0 5.5 6.5 118 Warranty 1.3 0.7 0.6 86 Wholesale parts 0.8 0.3 0.5 167 Internal, sublet and other 31.2 5.2 26.0 500 Total revenue 45.3 11.7 33.6 287 Gross profit Customer pay 6.3 3.3 3.0 91 Warranty 0.7 0.4 0.3 75 Wholesale parts 0.1 0.1 100 Internal, sublet and other 14.2 2.1 12.1 576 Total gross profit 21.3 5.8 15.5 267 Gross profit as a of revenue Customer pay 52.4 59.0 (660) bps Warranty 52.5 66.0 NM bps Wholesale parts 14.3 14.0 30 bps Internal, sublet and other 45.5 65.6 NM bps Total gross profit as a of revenue 47.0 50.1 (310) bps 
 NM = Not Meaningful 
 
 56 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Our Powersports Segment same store Fixed Operations results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions) Same store Fixed Operations: Revenue Customer pay 3.6 5.2 (1.6) (31) Warranty 0.4 0.6 (0.2) (33) Wholesale parts 0.4 0.3 0.1 33 Internal, sublet and other 5.2 4.9 0.3 6 Total revenue 9.6 11.0 (1.4) (13) Gross profit Customer pay 1.6 3.1 (1.5) (48) Warranty 0.2 0.4 (0.2) (50) Wholesale parts Internal, sublet and other 2.5 2.0 0.5 25 Total gross profit 4.3 5.5 (1.2) (22) Gross profit as a of revenue Customer pay 44.5 59.1 NM bps Warranty 46.0 68.0 NM bps Wholesale parts 9.0 14.0 (500) bps Internal, sublet and other 48.1 40.8 730 bps Total gross profit as a of revenue 44.6 49.9 (530) bps 
 NM = Not Meaningful 
 Reported Fixed Operations revenue increased approximately 33.6 million and reported Fixed Operations gross profit increased approximately 15.5 million. Customer pay revenue increased approximately 6.5 million and customer pay gross profit increased approximately 3.0 million. Warranty revenue increased approximately 0.6 million and warranty gross profit increased approximately 0.3 million. Wholesale parts revenue increased approximately 0.5 million and wholesale parts gross profit increased approximately 0.1 million. Internal, sublet and other revenue increased approximately 26.0 million and internal, sublet and other gross profit increased approximately 12.1 million. 
 Same store Fixed Operations revenue decreased approximately 1.4 million and same store Fixed Operations gross profit decreased approximately 1.2 million. Same store customer pay revenue decreased approximately 1.6 million and same store customer pay gross profit decreased approximately 1.5 million. Same store warranty revenue decreased approximately 0.2 million and same store warranty gross profit decreased approximately 0.2 million. Same store wholesale parts revenue increased approximately 0.1 million and same store wholesale parts gross profit remained flat. Same store internal, sublet and other revenue increased approximately 0.3 million and same store internal, sublet and other gross profit increased approximately 0.5 million. 
 
 57 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 F I - Powersports Segment 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of Powersports Segment reported basis and same store basis for F I: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Total F I revenue: Same store 2.1 2.5 (0.4) (16) Acquisitions 5.1 0.1 5.0 NM Total as reported 7.2 2.6 4.6 177 Total F I gross profit per retail unit (excludes fleet): Same store 1,161 1,209 (48) (4) Reported 1,017 1,205 (188) (16) Total combined retail new and used vehicle unit sales: Same store 1,835 2,043 (208) (10) Acquisitions 5,268 139 5,129 NM Total as reported 7,103 2,182 4,921 226 
 NM = Not Meaningful 
 Our Powersports Segment reported F I results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Reported F I: Revenue 7.2 2.6 4.6 177 Total combined retail new and used vehicle unit sales 7,103 2,182 4,921 226 Gross profit per retail unit (excludes fleet) 1,017 1,205 (188) (16) 
 Our Powersports Segment same store F I results were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions, except unit and per unit data) Same Store F I: 
 Revenue 2.1 2.5 (0.4) (16) Total combined retail new and used vehicle unit sales 1,835 2,043 (208) (10) Gross profit per retail unit (excludes fleet) 1,161 1,209 (48) (4) 

58 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Reported F I revenue increased approximately 4.6 million, or 177 , primarily due to a 226 increase in retail new and used vehicle unit sales volume. Reported F I gross profit per retail unit decreased 188 per unit, or 16 , to 1,017 per unit, primarily due to a decrease in the combined new and used vehicle finance contract penetration rate. Reported finance contract revenue increased 134 , primarily due to a 40 increase in retail new and used vehicle unit sales volume and a 67 increase in gross profit per finance contract. Reported service contract revenue increased 129 , primarily due to a 123 increase in retail new and used vehicle service contract unit sales volume and a 3 increase in gross profit per service contract. Reported other aftermarket contract revenue increased 351 , driven primarily by a 94 increase in retail new and used vehicle unit sales volume and a 133 increase in gross profit per other aftermarket contract. 
 Same store F I revenue decreased approximately 0.4 million, or 16 , primarily due to a 10 decrease in retail new and used vehicle unit sales volume. Same store F I gross profit per retail unit decreased 48 per unit, or 4 , to 1,161 per unit, primarily due to a decrease in gross profit per service contract. Same store finance contract revenue decreased 44 , primarily due to lower retail new and used vehicle unit sales volume and a 170-basis point decrease in the combined new and used vehicle finance contract penetration rate. Same store service contract revenue decreased 71 , primarily due to a 190-basis point decrease in the service contract penetration rate, a 65 decrease in gross profit per service contract and a 15 decrease in retail new and used vehicle service contract unit sales volume. Same store other aftermarket contract revenue increased 176 , driven primarily by a 356 increase in gross profit per other aftermarket contract, offset partially by lower retail new and used vehicle unit sales volume. 

59 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Segment Results Summary 
 In the following table of financial data, total segment income (loss) of the reportable segments is reconciled to consolidated income (loss) before taxes and impairment charges. See above for tables and discussion of results by reportable segment. 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change Segment Revenues: (In millions, except unit data) Franchised Dealerships Segment Revenues: Retail new vehicles 6,215.0 5,581.6 633.4 11 Fleet new vehicles 92.2 99.4 (7.2) (7) Total new vehicles 6,307.2 5,681.0 626.2 11 Used vehicles 3,050.3 3,391.5 (341.2) (10) Wholesale vehicles 204.5 314.0 (109.5) (35) Parts, service and collision repair 1,714.2 1,588.0 126.2 8 Finance, insurance and other, net 498.6 510.1 (11.5) (2) Franchised Dealerships Segment revenues 11,774.8 11,484.6 290.2 3 EchoPark Segment Revenues: Retail new vehicles 1.0 9.2 (8.2) (89) Used vehicles 2,143.8 2,116.8 27.0 1 Wholesale vehicles 111.7 170.6 (58.9) (35) Finance, insurance and other, net 177.9 166.4 11.5 7 EchoPark Segment revenues 2,434.4 2,463.0 (28.6) (1) Powersports Segment Revenues: Retail new vehicles 88.6 31.8 56.8 179 Used vehicles 19.5 7.1 12.4 175 Wholesale vehicles 2.6 0.3 2.3 767 Parts, service and collision repair 45.3 11.7 33.6 287 Finance, insurance and other, net 7.2 2.6 4.6 177 Powersports Segment revenues 163.2 53.5 109.7 205 Total consolidated revenues 14,372.4 14,001.1 371.3 3 Segment Income (Loss) (1): Franchised Dealerships Segment (2) 448.0 641.6 (193.6) (30) EchoPark Segment (3) (132.5) (133.9) 1.4 1 Powersports Segment 5.7 2.7 3.0 111 Total consolidated income (loss) 321.2 510.4 (189.2) (37) Impairment charges (4) (79.3) (320.4) 241.1 75 Income (loss) before taxes 
 241.9 190.0 51.9 27 Segment Retail New and Used Vehicle Unit Sales Volume: Franchised Dealerships Segment 207,467 207,936 (469) EchoPark Segment 73,687 64,259 9,428 15 Powersports Segment 7,103 2,182 4,921 226 Total consolidated retail new and used vehicle unit sales volume 288,257 274,377 13,880 5 
 (1) Segment income (loss) for each segment is defined as income (loss) before taxes and impairment charges. 
 (2) For 2023, amount includes approximately 20.9 million of pre-tax net gain on the disposal of franchised dealerships, partially offset by an approximately 1.9 million pre-tax net loss related to property damage. For 2022, amount includes approximately 9.1 million of pre-tax gain on the disposal of property, plant, and equipment, partially offset by an approximately 4.4 million pre-tax net loss for long-term compensation-related expenses. 
 
 60 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (3) For 2023, amount includes approximately 19.7 million of pre-tax net loss primarily related to the indefinite suspension of operations at certain EchoPark locations that occurred in the second and third quarters of 2023. 
 (4) For 2023, amount includes approximately 1.0 million of pre-tax property and equipment impairment charges for the Franchised Dealerships Segment and approximately 78.3 million of pre-tax impairment charges related to property and equipment, lease right-of-use assets, and other assets for the EchoPark Segment. For 2022, amount includes approximately 115.5 million of pre-tax franchise asset and property and equipment impairment charges for the Franchised Dealerships Segment and approximately 204.9 million of pre-tax goodwill and franchise asset impairment charges for the EchoPark Segment. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative SG A Expenses - Consolidated 
 Consolidated SG A expenses are comprised of four major groups: compensation expense, advertising expense, rent expense and other expense. Compensation expense primarily relates to store personnel who are paid a commission or a salary plus commission and support personnel who are generally paid a fixed salary. Commissions paid to store personnel typically vary depending on gross profits realized and sales volume objectives. Due to the salary component for certain store and corporate personnel, gross profits and compensation expense do not change in direct proportion to one another. Advertising expense and other expense vary based on the level of actual or anticipated business activity and the number of dealerships in operation. Rent expense typically varies with the number of store locations owned, investments made for facility improvements and interest rates. Other expense includes various fixed and variable expenses, including gain on disposal of franchises, certain customer-related costs such as gasoline and service loaners, and insurance, training, legal and information technology expenses, which may not change in proportion to gross profit levels. 
 The following table sets forth information related to our consolidated reported SG A expenses: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions) SG A expenses: Compensation 1,016.3 1,014.8 (1.5) Advertising 92.2 95.4 3.2 3 Rent 46.1 51.0 4.9 10 Other 445.9 393.9 (52.0) (13) Total SG A expenses 1,600.5 1,555.1 (45.4) (3) SG A expenses as a of gross profit: Compensation 45.3 43.8 (150) bps Advertising 4.1 4.1 bps Rent 2.1 2.2 10 bps Other 19.8 17.0 (280) bps Total SG A expenses as a of gross profit 71.3 67.1 (420) bps 
 Overall SG A expenses increased in both dollar amount and as a percentage of gross profit, primarily due to an increase in other SG A expenses and a decrease in gross profit. Compensation expense increased in both dollar amount and as a percentage of gross profit, primarily due to an increase in fixed compensation expense and the effects of industry-wide wage inflation. Advertising expense decreased in dollar amount and was flat as a percentage of gross profit, due primarily to lower levels of advertising spent in the EchoPark Segment as a result of the store closures during the year. Rent expense decreased in both dollar amount and as a percentage of gross profit, primarily due to the purchase of several properties that were previously leased and the closure of stores in the EchoPark Segment. Other SG A expenses increased in both dollar amount and as a percentage of gross profit, primarily due to an increase in expenses related to information technology and building maintenance as well as an increase in real estate tax expenses. 
 
 61 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Other SG A expenses for 2023 included approximately 20.7 million of net gain on the disposal of real estate, offset partially by approximately 4.0 million of net loss from property damage and expenses associated with store closures in the EchoPark Segment. Compensation expenses for 2023 included approximately 3.1 million in severance charges and approximately 2.0 million of long-term compensation expenses. 
 
 Impairment Charges - Consolidated 
 Impairment charges were approximately 79.3 million and 320.4 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively. Impairment charges for 2023 primarily related to fixed assets, lease right-of-use assets, and other contractual obligations related to abandoned property as a result of our decisions to indefinitely suspend operations at certain EchoPark locations and to close certain Northwest Motorsport stores during 2023. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization - Consolidated 
 Depreciation expense increased approximately 14.8 million, or 11.6 , in 2023, due primarily to acquisitions and completed construction projects and purchases of fixed assets for use in our franchised dealerships and EchoPark stores. 
 
 Interest Expense, Floor Plan - Consolidated 
 We typically maintain a floor plan deposit balance (as shown in the table below under the heading Liquidity and Capital Resources that earns interest income based on the agreed upon floor plan interest rate, effectively reducing the net used vehicle floor plan interest expense. The below discussion of interest expense, floor plan includes the effect of interest income earned on the floor plan deposit balance, unless otherwise noted. Our interest expense, floor plan fluctuates with changes in our outstanding borrowing and associated interest rates, which are variable based on SOFR or the U.S. prime rate, plus a rate spread. 
 Interest expense, floor plan for new vehicles increased approximately 34.0 million. The average interest rate applied to the new vehicle floor plan increased in the 12 months ended December 31, 2023, resulting in 28.5 million of the overall increase. The average new vehicle floor plan notes payable balance increased approximately 196.9 million, which resulted in 5.5 million of the overall increase. 
 Interest expense, floor plan for used vehicles decreased approximately 1.1 million, including the effect of interest income earned on the floor plan deposit balance, which contributed to 15.2 million of this decrease. Excluding the effect of interest income earned on the floor plan deposit balance, interest expense, floor plan for used vehicles increased approximately 14.1 million. Excluding the effect of interest income earned on the floor plan deposit balance, the average interest rate applied to the used vehicle floor plan increased in the 12 months ended December 31, 2023, driving a 15.3 million increase. The average used vehicle floor plan notes payable balance decreased approximately 30.5 million, which reduced used vehicle floor plan interest expense by approximately 1.2 million. 
 
 Interest Expense, Other, Net - Consolidated 
 Interest expense, other, net is summarized in the table below: 
 Year Ended December 31, Better / (Worse) 2023 2022 Change Change (In millions) Stated/coupon interest 91.0 72.3 (18.7) (26) Deferred loan cost amortization 6.5 5.2 (1.3) (25) Interest rate hedge expense (benefit) 1.0 0.7 (0.3) (43) Capitalized interest (2.2) (1.6) 0.6 38 Interest on finance lease liabilities 18.4 13.1 (5.3) (40) Other interest (0.1) 0.2 0.3 150 Total interest expense, other, net 114.6 89.9 (24.7) (27) 
 Interest expense, other, net increased approximately 24.7 million, or 27 , primarily due an increase in stated/coupon interest payments on variable-rate mortgages and interest on finance lease liabilities. 
 
 62 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Provision for Income Taxes - Consolidated 
 The overall effective tax rate was 26.3 and 53.4 for 2023 and 2022, respectively. Income tax expense for 2023 includes the effect of a 5.3 million charge related to changes in uncertain tax positions, a 3.4 million charge related to non-deductible executive compensation and a 0.7 million charge related to the increase of the valuation allowance for state net operating loss carryforwards, partially offset by a 1.6 million benefit related to vested or exercised stock compensation awards. Our effective tax rate varies from year to year based on the level of taxable income, the distribution of taxable income between states in which the Company operates and other tax adjustments. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires Sonic s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other, we test goodwill for impairment at least annually (as of April 30 of each year) or more frequently if indications of impairment exist. The ASC also states that if an entity determines, based on an assessment of certain qualitative factors, that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then a quantitative goodwill impairment test is unnecessary. 
 For purposes of goodwill impairment testing, we have three reporting units, which consist of (1) our traditional franchised dealerships, (2) our EchoPark stores and (3) our powersports stores (these reporting units also represent our reportable segments). The carrying value of our goodwill totaled approximately 253.8 million at December 31, 2023, approximately 229.8 million of which was related to our franchised dealerships reporting unit and approximately 24.0 million of which was related to our powersports reporting unit. In evaluating goodwill for impairment, if the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the difference would represent the amount of the required goodwill impairment. As a result of our April 30, 2023 annual test, we determined no impairment existed for any of our reporting units as of April 30, 2023. We tested our reporting units for impairment using the discounted cash flow method that utilizes inputs, including, projected revenues, margin, terminal growth rates, discount rates and a market capitalization reconciliation. See Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 In accordance with ASC Topic 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other, we evaluate franchise assets for impairment annually (as of April 30 of each year) or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. We estimate the fair value of our franchise assets using a multi-period excess earnings method MPEEM model. The MPEEM model used contains inherent uncertainties, including significant estimates and assumptions related to projected revenue, projected operating margins, a discount rate (and estimates in the discount rate inputs) and residual growth rates. We are subject to financial risk to the extent that our franchise assets become impaired due to deterioration of the underlying businesses. The risk of a franchise asset impairment charge may increase to the extent the underlying businesses actual earnings or projected earnings experience a significant decline, or the required discount rate increases (reducing the fair value of expected future cash flows). As a result of our impairment testing as of April 30, 2023, each of our franchise assets fair value exceeded its carrying value and no franchise asset impairment charges were recorded in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The carrying value of our franchise assets totaled approximately 417.4 million at December 31, 2023, and is included in other intangible assets, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of such date. See Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion. More recently acquired franchise assets are at a greater risk of impairment than older franchise assets which have significant clearance between fair value and recorded balances. Many factors affect the valuation of franchise assets such as the discount rate and projected revenue amounts. Unfavorable changes in these factors increases the risk of future impairments. 
 
 63 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Finance, Insurance and Service Contracts 
 We arrange financing for our guests through various financial institutions and receive a commission from the financial institution either in a flat fee amount or in an amount equal to the difference between the interest rates charged to our guests and the predetermined interest rates set by the financial institution. We also receive commissions from the sale of various insurance contracts and non-recourse third-party extended service contracts. Under these contracts, the applicable manufacturer or third-party warranty company is directly liable for all warranties provided within the contract. Retrospective finance and insurance revenues F I retro revenues are recognized when the product contract has been executed with the end customer and the transaction is estimated each reporting period based on the expected value method using historical and projected data. F I retro revenues can vary based on a variety of factors, including numbers of contracts and history of cancellations and claims. Accordingly, we utilize this historical and projected data to constrain the consideration to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Receivables, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 include approximately 31.8 million and 38.7 million, respectively, related to contract assets from F I retro revenue recognition. Changes in contract assets from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2023 were primarily due to ordinary business activity, including the receipt of cash for amounts earned and recognized in prior periods. Historically, our actual F I retro revenue amounts earned have not been materially different from our recorded estimates. 
 In the event a customer terminates a financing, insurance or extended service contract prior to the scheduled maturity date, we may be required to return a portion of the commission revenue originally recorded as income by Sonic to the third-party provider (known as a chargeback ). The commission revenue for the sale of these products and services is recorded net of estimated future chargebacks in the period in which the product or service was sold. Our estimate of future chargebacks is established based on our historical chargeback rates, termination provisions of the applicable contracts and data provided by the third-party underwriter of the contracts. While expected chargeback rates vary depending on the type of contract sold, a 100-basis point change in the estimated chargeback rates used in determining our estimates of future chargebacks would have changed our estimated reserve for chargebacks at December 31, 2023 by approximately 3.3 million. Our estimate of chargebacks was approximately 57.5 million as of December 31, 2023, compared to approximately 54.1 million as of December 31, 2022, with the increase primarily driven by higher F I revenues and higher projected cancellation rates. Our chargeback reserve estimate is influenced by the level of F I revenues and the timing and number of early contract termination events, such as vehicle repossessions, loan refinancing, and early pay-offs. If these events become more or less common, or if there is a shift in the timing of these cancellations, the resulting impact could affect our estimated reserve for chargebacks and could have a material adverse impact on our operating results, financial position and cash flows. Historically, our actual chargeback experience has not been materially different from our recorded estimates. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 As a matter of course, we are regularly audited by various taxing authorities and, from time to time, these audits result in proposed assessments where the ultimate resolution may result in us owing additional taxes. Management believes that our tax positions comply, in all material respects, with applicable tax law and that we have adequately provided for any reasonably foreseeable outcome related to these matters. From time to time, we engage in transactions in which the tax consequences may be subject to uncertainty. Examples of such transactions include business acquisitions and disposals, including consideration paid or received in connection with such transactions. Significant judgment is required in assessing and estimating the tax consequences of these transactions. We determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. In evaluating whether a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, we presume that the position will be examined by the appropriate taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. A tax position that does not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the consolidated financial statements. The tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. We adjust our estimates periodically because of ongoing examinations by and settlements with the various taxing authorities, as well as changes in tax laws, regulations and precedent. 
 At December 31, 2023, there were approximately 10.9 million in reserves that we had provided for these matters (including estimates related to possible interest and penalties) with approximately 6.3 million included in other accrued liabilities and approximately 4.6 million recorded in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of such date. The effects on our consolidated financial statements of income tax uncertainties are discussed in Note 7, Income Taxes, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 64 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 We periodically review all deferred tax asset positions (including state net operating loss carryforwards) to determine whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. Certain factors considered in evaluating the potential for realization of deferred tax assets include the time remaining until expiration (related to state net operating loss carryforwards) and various sources of taxable income that may be available under the tax law to realize a tax benefit related to a deferred tax asset. This evaluation requires management to make certain assumptions about future profitability, the execution of tax strategies that may be available to us and the likelihood that these assumptions or execution of tax strategies would occur. This evaluation is highly judgmental. The results of future operations, regulatory framework of the taxing authorities and other related matters cannot be predicted with certainty. Therefore, actual realization of these deferred tax assets may be materially different from management s estimate. 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, we had recorded a valuation allowance amount of approximately 6.3 million and 5.6 million, respectively, related to certain state net operating loss carryforward deferred tax assets as we determined that we would not be able to generate sufficient state taxable income in the related entities to realize the accumulated net operating loss carryforward balances. 
 We make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions in the calculation of our provision for income taxes, in the resulting tax liabilities and in the recoverability of deferred tax assets. These estimates, judgments and assumptions are updated quarterly by our management based on available information and take into consideration estimated income taxes based on prior year income tax returns, changes in income tax law, our income tax strategies and other factors. If our management receives information which causes us to change our estimate of the year-end liability, the amount of expense or expense reduction required to be recorded in any particular quarter could be material to our operating results, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In March 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (ASC Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting. ASU 2020-04 provides optional guidance for a limited period of time to ease potential accounting impact associated with transitioning away from reference rates that are expected to be discontinued, such as the London InterBank Offered Rate LIBOR ). The amendments in this ASU apply only to contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued. The amendments in ASU 2020-04 were effective through December 31, 2022. 
 In January 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-01, which clarifies that certain optional expedients and exceptions in ASC Topic 848 for contract modifications and hedge accounting apply to derivatives that are affected by the discounting transition. Certain of our existing contracts have been modified, amended or renegotiated to accommodate a transition to a new reference rate. We do not have any remaining LIBOR-based contractual agreements. See the discussion under the heading Long-Term Debt and Credit Facilities below for discussion of amendments to our debt agreements related to the conversion from LIBOR to a new reference rate. 
 In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (ASC Topic 820): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The amendments require the disclosure of significant segment expenses as well as expanded interim disclosures, along with other changes to segment disclosure requirements. The standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods beginning on or after January 1, 2025. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of the provisions of the ASU will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
 In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (ASC Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures. The amendments require the disclosure of a reconciliation between income tax expense from continuing operations and the amount computed by multiplying income from continuing operations before income taxes by the applicable statutory rate as well as an annual disaggregation of the income tax rate reconciliation between certain specified categories by both percentage and reported amounts, along with other changes to income tax disclosure requirements. The standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, and interim periods for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2025. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of the provisions of the ASU will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 65 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We require cash to fund debt service, lease obligations, working capital requirements, facility improvements and other capital improvements, and dividends on our common stock and to finance acquisitions and otherwise invest in our business. We rely on cash flows from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit and floor plan borrowing arrangements, real estate mortgage financing, asset sales and offerings of debt and equity securities to meet these requirements. We were in compliance with all restrictive covenants under our debt agreements as of December 31, 2023 and expect to be in compliance for at least the next 12 months. We closely monitor our available liquidity and projected future operating results in order to remain in compliance with the restrictive covenants under the 2021 Credit Facilities, the 2019 Mortgage Facility, the indentures governing the 4.625 Notes and the 4.875 Notes, and our other debt obligations and lease arrangements. However, our liquidity could be negatively affected if we fail to comply with the financial covenants in our existing debt or lease arrangements. After giving effect to the applicable restrictions on the payment of dividends under our debt agreements, as of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 270.4 million of net income and retained earnings free of such restrictions. Cash flows provided by our dealerships are derived from various sources. The primary sources include individual consumers, automobile manufacturers, automobile manufacturers captive finance subsidiaries and other financial institutions. Disruptions in these cash flows could have a material adverse impact on our operations and overall liquidity. 
 Because the majority of our consolidated assets are held by our dealership subsidiaries, the majority of our cash flows from operations are generated by these subsidiaries. As a result, our cash flows and our ability to service our obligations depend to a substantial degree on the results of operations of these subsidiaries, their contractual obligations and capital requirements, and their ability to provide us with cash. 
 We had the following liquidity resources available as of December 31, 2023 and 2022: 
 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 (In millions) Cash and cash equivalents 28.9 229.2 Floor plan deposit balance 345.0 272.0 Availability under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility 298.6 292.9 Availability under the 2019 Mortgage Facility 173.0 Total available liquidity resources 845.5 794.1 
 We maintain a floor plan deposit balance (as shown in the table above) that offsets interest based on the agreed upon floor plan interest rate, effectively reducing the net used vehicle floor plan interest expense with the lender. This deposit balance is not designated as a prepayment of notes payable - floor plan, nor is it our intent to use this amount to offset principal amounts owed under notes payable - floor plan in the future, although we have the right and ability to do so. The deposit balances of approximately 345.0 million as of December 31, 2023 and approximately 272.0 million as of December 31, 2022 are classified as other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 66 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Long-Term Debt and Credit Facilities 
 2021 Credit Facilities 
 On April 14, 2021, we entered into an amended and restated syndicated revolving credit facility (the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility and amended and restated syndicated new and used vehicle floor plan credit facilities (the 2021 Floor Plan Facilities and, together with the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, the 2021 Credit Facilities ). The amendment and restatement of the 2021 Credit Facilities extended the scheduled maturity dates to April 14, 2025. On October 8, 2021, we entered into an amendment to the 2021 Credit Facilities (the Credit Facility Amendment to, among other things: (1) increase the aggregate commitments under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility to 350.0 million (which may be increased at the Company s option up to 400.0 million upon satisfaction of certain conditions), and the 2021 Floor Plan Facilities to 2.6 billion (which, under certain conditions, may be increased at the Company s option up to 2.9 billion that may be allocated between the new vehicle revolving floor plan facility and the used vehicle revolving floor plan facility that comprise the 2021 Floor Plan Facilities as the Company requests, with no more than 40 of the aggregate commitments allocated to the used vehicle revolving floor plan facility); and (2) permit the issuance of the 4.625 Notes and the 4.875 Notes. On October 7, 2022, we entered into an amendment to the 2021 Credit Facilities (the Second Credit Facility Amendment to, among other things: (1) replace the 2021 Credit Facilities LIBOR-based Eurodollar reference interest rate option with a reference interest rate option based upon one-month Term SOFR (as defined in the 2021 Credit Facilities); (2) amend the provisions relating to the basis for inclusion of real property owned by the Company or certain of its subsidiaries in the borrowing base for the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility; (3) amend the minimum amount for commitments under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility and the proportion that such commitments under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility may comprise of the total commitments made by the lenders; and (4) adjust aspects of the offset account used for voluntary reductions to loans under the 2021 Floor Plan Facilities. 
 As amended, availability under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility is calculated as the lesser of 350.0 million or a borrowing base calculated based on certain eligible assets, less the aggregate amount of any outstanding letters of credit and borrowings under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility (the 2021 Revolving Borrowing Base ). As of December 31, 2023, the 2021 Revolving Borrowing Base was 310.7 million based on balances as of such date. As of December 31, 2023, we had no outstanding borrowings and 12.1 million in outstanding letters of credit under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, resulting in 298.6 million remaining borrowing availability under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Our obligations under the 2021 Credit Facilities are guaranteed by the Company and certain of our subsidiaries and are secured by a pledge of substantially all of our and our subsidiaries assets. As of the dates presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the amounts outstanding under the 2021 Credit Facilities bear interest at variable rates based on specified percentages above one-month Term SOFR. We have agreed under the 2021 Credit Facilities not to pledge any assets to any third parties (other than those explicitly allowed to be pledged by the amended terms of the 2021 Credit Facilities), including other lenders, subject to certain stated exceptions, including floor plan financing arrangements. In addition, the 2021 Credit Facilities contain certain negative covenants, including covenants which could restrict or prohibit indebtedness, liens, the payment of dividends and other restricted payments, capital expenditures and material dispositions and acquisitions of assets, as well as other customary covenants and default provisions. Specifically, the 2021 Credit Facilities permit quarterly cash dividends on our Class A and Class B Common Stock up to 0.12 per share so long as no Event of Default (as defined in the 2021 Credit Facilities) has occurred and is continuing and provided that we remain in compliance with all financial covenants under the 2021 Credit Facilities. In addition, dividends greater than 0.12 per share are permitted subject to the limitations on restricted payments set forth in the 2021 Credit Facilities. 
 
 67 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 4.625 Notes 
 On October 27, 2021, we issued 650.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.625 Notes, which will mature on November 15, 2029. Sonic used the net proceeds from the issuance of the 4.625 Notes, along with the net proceeds of the 4.875 Notes, to fund the acquisition of RFJ Auto Partners, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the RFJ Acquisition and to repay existing debt. 
 The 4.625 Notes were issued under an Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2021 (the 2029 Indenture ), by and among the Company, certain subsidiary guarantors named therein (collectively, the Guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the trustee ). The 4.625 Notes are unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis initially by all of the Company s domestic operating subsidiaries. The parent company has no independent assets or operations. The non-domestic operating subsidiary that is not a guarantor is considered minor. Under certain circumstances set forth in the 2029 Indenture, the guarantees of the certain subsidiaries of the Company comprising the EchoPark Business (as defined in the 2029 Indenture) may be released. The 2029 Indenture also provides substantial flexibility for the Company to enter into fundamental transactions involving the EchoPark Business. The 2029 Indenture provides that interest on the 4.625 Notes will be payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year beginning May 15, 2022. The 2029 Indenture also contains other restrictive covenants and default provisions common for an issue of senior notes of this nature. 
 
 The 4.625 Notes will be redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, at any time on or after November 15, 2024 at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of the principal amount thereof) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the 12-month period beginning on November 15 of the years set forth below: 
 Year Redemption Price 2024 102.313 2025 101.156 2026 100.000 
 Before November 15, 2024, the Company may redeem all or a part of the 4.625 Notes, subject to payment of a make-whole premium. In addition, the Company may redeem on or before November 15, 2024 up to an aggregate of 35 of the aggregate principal of the 4.625 Notes at a price equal to 104.625 of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption, with the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings. 
 4.875 Notes 
 On October 27, 2021, we issued 500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.875 Notes, which will mature on November 15, 2031. Sonic used the net proceeds from the issuance of the 4.875 Notes, along with the net proceeds of the 4.625 Notes, to fund the RFJ Acquisition and to repay existing debt. 
 The 4.875 Notes were issued under an Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2021 (the 2031 Indenture ), by and among the Company, the Guarantors and the trustee. The 4.875 Notes are unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis initially by all of the Company s domestic operating subsidiaries. The parent company has no independent assets or operations. The non-domestic operating subsidiary that is not a guarantor is considered minor. Under certain circumstances set forth in the 2031 Indenture, the guarantees of the certain subsidiaries of the Company comprising the EchoPark Business (as defined in the 2031 Indenture) may be released. The 2031 Indenture also provides substantial flexibility for the Company to enter into fundamental transactions involving the EchoPark Business. The 2031 Indenture provides that interest on the 4.875 Notes will be payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year beginning May 15, 2022. The 2031 Indenture also contains other restrictive covenants and default provisions common for an issue of senior notes of this nature. 
 
 The 4.875 Notes will be redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, at any time on or after November 15, 2026 at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of the principal amount thereof) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the 12-month period beginning on November 15 of the years set forth below: 
 
 68 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Year Redemption Price 2026 102.438 2027 101.625 2028 100.813 2029 100.000 
 Before November 15, 2026, the Company may redeem all or a part of the 4.875 Notes, subject to payment of a make-whole premium. In addition, the Company may redeem on or before November 15, 2026 up to an aggregate of 35 of the aggregate principal of the 4.875 Notes at a price equal to 104.875 of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption, with the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings. 
 2019 Mortgage Facility 
 On November 22, 2019, we entered into a delayed draw-term loan credit agreement, which was scheduled to mature on November 22, 2024 (the 2019 Mortgage Facility ). On October 11, 2021, we entered into an amendment to the 2019 Mortgage Facility (the Mortgage Facility Amendment to permit the consummation of the RFJ Acquisition and the issuance of the 4.625 Notes and the 4.875 Notes. On November 17, 2022, we entered into an amendment to the 2019 Mortgage Facility (the Second Mortgage Facility Amendment to, among other things, extend the scheduled maturity date to November 17, 2027. 
 On November 17, 2022, in connection with the closing of the Second Mortgage Facility Amendment, the Company incurred a term loan under the 2019 Mortgage Facility with a principal amount of 320.0 million, with a portion of the proceeds used to repay the entire 77.6 million principal amount of the prior term loan. In addition, the lenders under the 2019 Mortgage Facility committed to providing, upon the terms set forth in the Second Mortgage Facility Amendment and upon the pledging of sufficient collateral by the Company, delayed draw-term loans in an aggregate principal amount up to 85.0 million (the Delayed Draw Credit Facility and revolving loans in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 95.0 million outstanding. On November 18, 2022, the Company incurred a term loan under the Delayed Draw Credit Facility with a principal amount of 7.0 million. The aggregate commitments of the lenders under the 2019 Mortgage Facility equal a total of 500.0 million, upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the 2019 Mortgage Facility, including the appraisal and pledging of collateral of a specified value. The Second Mortgage Facility Amendment also amended the 2019 Mortgage Facility to, among other things: (1) replace the 2019 Mortgage Facility s LIBOR-based Eurodollar reference interest rate option with a reference interest rate option based upon one-month Term SOFR (as defined in the 2019 Mortgage Facility); and (2) make changes to the pricing grid for loans incurred under the 2019 Mortgage Facility, which is based on an incremental interest margin calculated based on the Company s Consolidated Total Lease Adjusted Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2019 Mortgage Facility). 
 Under the 2019 Mortgage Facility, Sonic had an initial maximum borrowing limit of 500.0 million, which varies based on the appraised value of the collateral underlying the 2019 Mortgage Facility. Based on balances as of December 31, 2023, we had 311.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the 2019 Mortgage Facility and additional lender commitments of 173.0 million subject to the appraisal and pledging of additional collateral. 
 Amounts outstanding under the 2019 Mortgage Facility bear interest at: (1) a specified rate above one-month Term SOFR, ranging from 1.25 to 2.25 per annum according to a performance-based pricing grid determined by the Company s Consolidated Total Lease Adjusted Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter (the Performance Grid or (2) a specified rate above the Base Rate (as defined in the 2019 Mortgage Facility), ranging from 0.25 to 1.25 per annum according to the Performance Grid. Interest on the 2019 Mortgage Facility is paid monthly in arrears calculated using the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate (as defined in the 2019 Mortgage Facility) according to the Performance Grid. Repayment of principal is scheduled to be 4.0 million per quarter from March 31, 2023 through December 31, 2024 and 6.0 million per quarter from March 31, 2025 through September 30, 2027 with the remaining balance due on the November 17, 2027 maturity date. Prior to the November 17, 2027 maturity date, the Company reserves the right to prepay the principal amount outstanding at any time without premium or penalty provided the prepayment amount exceeds 0.5 million. In addition, dividends greater than 0.12 per share are permitted subject to the limitations on restricted payments set forth in the 2021 Credit Facilities. 
 
 69 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The 2019 Mortgage Facility contains usual and customary representations and warranties, and usual and customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants which could restrict or prohibit indebtedness, liens, the payment of dividends and other restricted payments, capital expenditures and material dispositions and acquisitions of assets, as well as other customary covenants and default provisions. Specifically, the 2019 Mortgage Facility permits quarterly cash dividends on our Class A and Class B Common Stock up to 0.12 per share so long as no Event of Default (as defined in the 2019 Mortgage Facility) has occurred and is continuing and provided that we remain in compliance with all financial covenants under the 2019 Mortgage Facility. 
 Mortgage Notes to Finance Companies 
 As of December 31, 2023, the weighted-average interest rate of our other outstanding mortgage notes (excluding the 2019 Mortgage Facility) was 5.25 (an increase from 5.14 as of December 31, 2022) and the total outstanding mortgage principal balance of these notes (excluding the 2019 Mortgage Facility) was approximately 238.7 million. These mortgage notes require monthly payments of principal and interest through their respective maturities, are secured by the underlying properties and contain certain cross-default provisions. Maturity dates for these mortgage notes range from 2024 to 2033. 
 Floor Plan Facilities 
 We finance all of our new and certain of our used vehicle inventory through standardized floor plan facilities with: (1) certain manufacturer captive finance companies (classified as notes payable - floor plan - trade in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets) and (2) a syndicate of manufacturer-affiliated captive finance companies and commercial banks (classified as notes payable - floor plan - non-trade in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets). These floor plan facilities are due on demand and currently bear interest at variable rates based on either one-month Term SOFR or prime plus an additional spread, as applicable. The weighted-average interest rate for our new and used vehicle floor plan facilities was 6.52 and 3.31 for 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 We receive floor plan assistance in the form of direct payments or credits from certain manufacturers. Floor plan assistance received is capitalized in inventory and recorded as a reduction of cost of sales when the associated inventory is sold. We received approximately 59.2 million and 52.2 million in manufacturer assistance in 2023 and 2022, respectively, and recognized in cost of sales approximately 58.7 million and 51.5 million in manufacturer assistance in 2023 and 2022, respectively. Interest payments under each of our floor plan facilities are due monthly and we are generally not required to make principal repayments prior to the sale of the associated vehicles. The total notes payable - floor plan balance of approximately 1.7 billion as of December 31, 2023 is classified as current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of such date. 
 Covenants and Default Provisions 
 Non-compliance with covenants, including a failure to make any payment when due, under the 2021 Credit Facilities, the 2019 Mortgage Facility, our floor plan agreements with various manufacturer-affiliated captive finance companies, operating lease agreements, mortgage notes to finance companies and the 2029 Indenture and the 2031 Indenture (collectively, the Significant Debt Agreements could result in a default and an acceleration of our repayment obligation under the 2021 Credit Facilities. A default under the 2021 Credit Facilities or the 2019 Mortgage Facility would constitute a default under the floor plan facilities we have in place with affiliates of Ford Motor Company (collectively, the Ford Floor Plan Facilities and could entitle these lenders to accelerate our repayment obligations under one or more of the floor plan facilities. Certain defaults under the 2021 Credit Facilities, the 2019 Mortgage Facility and one or more of the Ford Floor Plan Facilities or certain other debt obligations would not result in a default under the 2029 Indenture or the 2031 Indenture, unless our repayment obligations under the 2021 Credit Facilities, the 2019 Mortgage Facility, one or more of the Ford Floor Plan Facilities or such other debt obligations were accelerated. An acceleration of our repayment obligation under any of the Significant Debt Agreements could result in an acceleration of our repayment obligations under our other Significant Debt Agreements. The failure to repay principal amounts of the Significant Debt Agreements when due would create cross-default situations related to other indebtedness. The 2021 Credit Facilities and the 2019 Mortgage Facility include the following financial covenants: 
 
 70 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Covenant Minimum 
 Consolidated 
 Liquidity 
 Ratio 
 Minimum 
 Consolidated 
 Fixed Charge 
 Coverage 
 Ratio 
 Maximum 
 Consolidated 
 Total Lease 
 Adjusted Leverage 
 Ratio 
 Required ratio 1.05 1.20 5.75 December 31, 2023 actual 1.25 1.93 2.97 
 In addition, many of our facility leases are governed by a guarantee agreement between the landlord and us that contains financial and operating covenants. The financial covenants under the guarantee agreement are identical to those under the 2021 Credit Facilities and the 2019 Mortgage Facility with the exception of one additional financial covenant related to the ratio of EBTDAR to Rent (as defined in the guarantee agreement) with a required ratio of no less than 1.50 to 1.00. As of December 31, 2023, the ratio was 11.23 to 1.00. 
 We were in compliance with all of the restrictive and financial covenants in all of our floor plan agreements, long-term debt facilities and lease agreements as of December 31, 2023. After giving effect to the applicable restrictions on the payment of dividends and certain other transactions under our debt agreements, as of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 270.4 million of net income and retained earnings free of such restrictions. See Note 6, Long-Term Debt, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the 2021 Credit Facilities. 
 Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 During 2023, we acquired one business in our Powersports Segment (consisting of five locations) for approximately 75.1 million, including inventory acquired and subsequently funded by floor plan notes payable. We disposed of one luxury franchised dealership, one mid-line franchised dealership, one domestic franchised dealership and indefinitely suspended operations at eight EchoPark locations and 14 related delivery/buy centers in 2023. See Note 2, Business Acquisitions and Dispositions, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Our capital expenditures include the purchase of land and buildings, the construction of new franchised dealerships, EchoPark and powersports stores and collision repair centers, building improvements and equipment purchased for use in our franchised dealerships and EchoPark and powersports stores. We selectively construct or improve new franchised dealership facilities to maintain compliance with manufacturers image requirements. We typically finance these projects through cash flows from operations, new mortgages or our credit facilities. 
 Capital expenditures for 2023 were approximately 203.6 million, including approximately 181.4 million related to our Franchised Dealerships Segment, approximately 15.3 million related to our EchoPark Segment and approximately 6.9 million related to our Powersports Segment. Of the total capital expenditures, approximately 101.0 million was related to facility construction projects, approximately 21.6 million was related to acquisitions of real estate (land and buildings), and approximately 81.0 million was for other fixed assets utilized in our operations. All of the 203.6 million in gross capital expenditures in 2023 was funded through cash from operations. As of December 31, 2023, commitments for facility construction projects totaled approximately 27.9 million. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 Our Board of Directors has authorized us to repurchase shares of our Class A Common Stock. Historically, we have used our share repurchase authorization to offset dilution caused by the exercise of stock options or the vesting of equity compensation awards and to maintain our desired capital structure. During 2023, we repurchased approximately 3.3 million shares of our Class A Common Stock for approximately 177.6 million in open-market transactions at prevailing market prices and in connection with tax withholding on the vesting of equity compensation awards. As of December 31, 2023, our total remaining repurchase authorization was approximately 286.7 million. Under the 2021 Credit Facilities, share repurchases are permitted to the extent that no event of default exists and we do not exceed the restrictions set forth in our debt agreements. After giving effect to the applicable restrictions on share repurchases and certain other transactions under our debt agreements, as of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 270.4 million of net income and retained earnings free of such restrictions. 
 
 71 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Our share repurchase activity is subject to the business judgment of our Board of Directors and management, taking into consideration our historical and projected results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, capital requirements and covenant compliance, the current economic environment and other factors considered by our Board of Directors and management to be relevant. These factors are considered each quarter and will be scrutinized as our Board of Directors and management determine our share repurchase policy in the future. 
 Dividends 
 Our Board of Directors approved four quarterly cash dividends on all outstanding shares of Class A and Class B Common Stock totaling 1.16 per share during 2023. Subsequent to December 31, 2023, our Board of Directors approved a cash dividend on all outstanding shares of Class A and Class B Common Stock of 0.30 per share for stockholders of record on March 15, 2024 to be paid on April 15, 2024. The 2021 Credit Facilities permit quarterly cash dividends on our Class A and Class B Common Stock up to 0.12 per share so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and provided that we remain in compliance with all financial covenants under the 2021 Credit Facilities. In a ddition, dividends greater than 0.12 per share are permitted subject to the limitations on restricted payments set forth in the 2021 Credit Facilities. The 2029 Indenture and the 2031 Indenture also contain restrictions on our ability to pay dividends. After giving effect to the applicable restrictions on share repurchases and certain other transactions under our debt agreements, as of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 270.4 million of net income and retained earnings free of such restrictions. The declaration and payment of any future dividend is subject to the business judgment of our Board of Directors, taking into consideration our historical and projected results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, capital requirements and covenant compliance, share repurchases, the current economic environment and other factors considered by our Board of Directors to be relevant. These factors are considered each quarter and will be scrutinized as our Board of Directors determines our dividend policy in the future. There is no guarantee that additional dividends will be declared and paid at any time in the future. See Note 6, Long-Term Debt, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of restrictions on the payment of dividends. 
 Cash Flows 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities - Net cash used in operating activities was approximately 15.7 million for 2023. The cash used in operations for 2023 consisted primarily of an increase in inventories, and an increase in receivables, offset partially by net income (less non-cash items), an increase in notes payable - floor plan - trade and an increase in trade accounts payable. Net cash provided by operating activities was approximately 406.1 million for 2022. The cash provided by operations for 2022 consisted primarily of net income (less non-cash items), a decrease in inventories, and an increase in notes payable - floor plan - trade, offset partially by an increase in receivables and an increase in the floor plan deposit balance. 
 We arrange our inventory floor plan financing through both manufacturer captive finance companies and a syndicate of manufacturer-affiliated captive finance companies and commercial banks. Our floor plan financed with manufacturer captives is recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as notes payable - floor plan - trade (with the change in balance being reflected in operating cash flows). Our dealerships that obtain floor plan financing from a syndicate of manufacturer-affiliated captive finance companies and commercial banks record their obligation in the consolidated balance sheets as notes payable - floor plan - non-trade (with the change in balance being reflected in financing cash flows). 
 Due to the presentation differences for changes in trade floor plan financing and non-trade floor plan financing in the consolidated statements of cash flows, decisions made by us to move dealership floor plan financing arrangements from one finance source to another may cause significant variations in operating and financing cash flows without affecting our overall liquidity, working capital or cash flows. Upon entering into the 2021 Floor Plan Facilities in April 2021, the majority of our outstanding floor plan liabilities were reclassified from trade floor plan liabilities to non-trade floor plan liabilities, resulting in a significant reclassification of related floor plan liability cash flows from operating activities to financing activities. 
 Net cash provided by combined trade and non-trade floor plan financing was approximately 372.1 million for 2023. Net cash used in combined trade and non-trade floor plan financing was approximately 40.8 million for 2022. Accordingly, if all changes in floor plan notes payable were classified as an operating activity (to align changes in floor plan liability balances with the associated changes in inventory balances for cash flow classification), the result would have been net cash provided by operating activities of approximately 319.2 million and 340.2 million for 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 72 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Cash Flows from Investing Activities - Net cash used in investing activities was approximately 218.7 million and 0.3 billion for 2023 and 2022, respectively. The use of cash during 2023 was comprised primarily of the purchase of a powersports business (including real property), net of cash acquired, and purchases of land, property and equipment, offset partially by the proceeds from the sale of four franchised dealerships. The use of cash during 2022 was comprised primarily of purchases of businesses, net of cash acquired, and purchases of land, property and equipment, offset partially by the proceeds from the sale of property and equipment. See Note 2, Business Acquisitions and Dispositions, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional discussion. 
 The significant components of capital expenditures relate primarily to dealership renovations, the purchase of certain existing dealership facilities which had previously been financed under long-term operating leases, and the purchase and development of new real estate parcels for the relocation of existing dealerships and the construction of EchoPark stores. During 2022, we generated net proceeds from mortgage financing (excluding the effects of any refinancing with zero net proceeds) in the amount of approximately 327.0 million to purchase certain existing dealership facilities and to fund certain capital expenditures. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities - Net cash provided by financing activities was approximately 34.1 million for 2023. Net cash used in financing activities was approximately 0.2 billion for 2022. For 2023, cash provided by financing activities was comprised primarily of net borrowings on notes payable - floor plan - non-trade, offset partially by the repurchases of treasury stock and scheduled principal payments of long-term debt. For 2022, cash used in financing activities was comprised primarily of the repurchases of treasury stock, scheduled principal payments and repayments of long-term debt, the reduction of finance lease liabilities and net repayments on notes payable - floor plan - non-trade, offset partially by proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt. 
 One metric that management uses to measure operating performance is Adjusted EBITDA (a non-GAAP financial measure) for each of our reportable segments and on a consolidated basis. We believe adjusted EBITDA enables our operating performance to be compared across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding non-floor plan financing costs, non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense, and impairment charges, and other items that may affect the comparability of reporting periods, including, but not limited to, gains or losses from acquisitions or dispositions, facility exit costs, severance and long-term compensation charges, and storm damage charges. This non-GAAP financial measure is reconciled to net income (loss) (the nearest comparable GAAP financial measure) in the table below: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Franchised Dealerships Segment EchoPark Segment Powersports Segment Total Franchised Dealerships Segment EchoPark Segment Powersports Segment Total (In millions) Net income (loss) 178.2 88.5 Income tax (benefit) expense 63.7 101.5 Income (loss) before taxes 447.0 (210.8) 5.7 241.9 526.1 (338.8) 2.7 190.0 Non-floor plan interest (1) 103.2 3.2 1.7 108.1 80.0 3.7 1.0 84.7 Depreciation amortization (2) 118.8 26.6 3.4 148.8 107.0 24.8 0.9 132.7 Stock-based compensation expense 23.3 23.3 16.0 16.0 Loss (gain) on exit of leased dealerships 4.3 4.3 Impairment charges 1.0 78.3 79.3 115.5 204.9 320.4 Severance and long-term compensation charges 5.1 5.1 4.4 4.4 Acquisition and disposition-related (gain) loss (20.7) 0.3 (20.4) (9.7) (9.7) Hail and storm damage charges 1.9 1.9 Used vehicle inventory valuation adjustment 10.0 10.0 Adjusted EBITDA (3) 674.5 (83.0) 10.8 602.3 839.3 (105.4) 4.6 738.5 
 (1) Includes interest expense, other, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, net of any amortization of debt issuance costs or net debt discount/premium included in (2) below. 
 (2) Includes the following line items from the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows: depreciation and amortization of property and equipment; debt issuance cost amortization; and debt discount amortization, net of premium amortization. 
 (3) Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. 
 
 73 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Future Liquidity Outlook 
 Our future contractual obligations are as follows, based on the earlier of stated contractual obligation or possible expected payment date: 
 2024 Thereafter (In millions) Notes payable - floor plan 1,672.7 Long-term debt (1) 60.1 1,639.5 Letters of credit 12.1 Estimated interest payments on floor plan facilities (2) 14.5 Estimated interest payments on long-term debt 86.7 418.1 Operating leases (net of sublease proceeds) 50.9 341.2 Construction contracts 27.9 Other purchase obligations (3) 1.8 0.8 Liability for uncertain tax positions (4) 0.5 10.4 Total 1,927.2 2,410.0 
 (1) Long-term debt amounts consist only of principal obligations, excluding debt issuance costs. 
 (2) Floor plan facility balances are correlated with the amount of vehicle inventory and are generally due at the time that a vehicle is sold. Estimated interest payments were calculated using the December 31, 2023 floor plan facility balance, the weighted-average interest rate for the three months ended December 31, 2023 of 5.21 and the assumption that floor plan balances at December 31, 2023 would be relieved within 60 days in connection with the sale of the associated vehicle inventory. 
 (3) Other purchase obligations include contracts for real estate purchases, office supplies, utilities, acquisition-related obligations and various other items or other services. 
 (4) Amount represents recorded liability, including interest and penalties, related to Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions in the ASC. See Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 7, Income Taxes, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We believe our best sources of liquidity for operations and debt service remain cash flows generated from operations combined with the availability of borrowings under our floor plan facilities (or any replacements thereof), the 2021 Credit Facilities (or any replacements thereof), the 2019 Mortgage Facility (or any replacements thereof) and real estate mortgage financing, selected dealership and other asset sales and our ability to raise funds in the capital markets through offerings of debt or equity securities. Because the majority of our consolidated assets are held by our dealership subsidiaries, the majority of our cash flows from operations are generated by these subsidiaries. As a result, our cash flows and our ability to service our obligations depend to a substantial degree on the results of operations of these subsidiaries, their contractual obligations and capital requirements, and their ability to provide us with cash. 
 Seasonality 
 Our operations are subject to seasonal variations. Due in part to our franchised dealerships brand mix, the first quarter historically has contributed less operating profit than the second and third quarters, while the fourth quarter historically has contributed the highest operating profit of any quarter. Due to the abnormal effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the automotive supply chain and a subsequent recovery of inventory levels, in addition to the effects of other macroeconomic conditions, this historical seasonality did not play out in 2023 and may not hold true in 2024. Weather conditions and the timing of manufacturer incentive programs and model changeovers cause seasonality and may adversely affect vehicle demand and, consequently, our profitability. Comparatively, parts and service demand has historically remained stable throughout the year. 
 
 74 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Guarantees and Indemnification Obligations 
 In connection with the operation and disposition of our dealerships, we have entered into various guarantees and indemnification obligations. When we sell dealerships, we attempt to assign any related lease to the buyer of the dealership to eliminate any future liability. However, if we are unable to assign the related leases to the buyer, we will attempt to sublease the leased properties to the buyer at a rate equal to the terms of the original leases. In the event we are unable to sublease the properties to the buyer with terms at least equal to our leases, we may be required to record lease exit accruals. As of December 31, 2023, our future gross minimum lease payments related to properties subleased to buyers of sold dealerships totaled approximately 7.2 million. Future sublease payments expected to be received related to these lease payments were approximately 7.1 million at December 31, 2023. 
 In accordance with the terms of agreements entered into for the sale of our dealerships, we generally agree to indemnify the buyer from certain liabilities and costs arising subsequent to the date of sale, including environmental exposure and exposure resulting from the breach of representations or warranties made in accordance with the agreements. While our exposure with respect to environmental remediation is difficult to quantify, our maximum exposure associated with these general indemnifications was approximately 8.0 million as of December 31, 2023 and there was not any material exposure with respect to these indemnifications as of December 31, 2022. These indemnifications typically expire within a period of one to three years following the date of sale. 
 We also guarantee the floor plan commitments of our 50 -owned joint venture, and the amount of such guarantee was approximately 4.3 million at December 31, 2023. We expect the aggregate amount of the obligations we guarantee to fluctuate based on dealership disposition activity. Although we seek to mitigate our exposure in connection with these matters, these guarantees and indemnification obligations, including environmental exposures and the financial performance of lease assignees and sublessees, cannot be predicted with certainty. An unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and capital resources. See Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding these guarantees and indemnification obligations. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 We are involved, and expect to continue to be involved, in various legal and administrative proceedings arising out of the conduct of our business, including regulatory investigations and private civil actions brought by plaintiffs purporting to represent a potential class or for which a class has been certified. Although we vigorously defend ourselves in all legal and administrative proceedings, the outcomes of pending and future proceedings arising out of the conduct of our business, including litigation with customers, employment-related lawsuits, contractual disputes, class actions, purported class actions and actions brought by governmental authorities, cannot be predicted with certainty. An unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects. 
 There were no significant liabilities related to legal matters as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. 
 
 75 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our variable rate floor plan facilities, the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, the 2019 Mortgage Facility and our other variable rate notes expose us to risks caused by fluctuations in the applicable interest rates. The total outstanding balance of such variable instruments, after considering the effect of outstanding cash flow hedge instruments, was approximately 1.7 billion at December 31, 2023 and 1.4 billion at December 31, 2022. Based on that amount along with the notional value of interest rate caps in place on that date, a 100 basis point decrease in the underlying interest rates would have reduced interest expense by approximately 16.1 million while a 100 basis point increase would have resulted in approximately 13.6 million of additional interest expense for the 12 months ended December 31, 2023. Of those changes, approximately 12.2 million of the decrease and approximately 9.7 million of the increase would have resulted from the floor plan, net of offset. The difference between the increases and decreases results from the mitigating effect of the interest rate caps. 
 As of both December 31, 2023 and 2022, we had interest rate cap agreements designated as hedging instruments to limit our exposure to increases in one-month Term SOFR (as of December 31, 2023) or LIBOR (as of December 31, 2022) above certain levels. Under the terms of the interest rate cap agreements, interest rates reset monthly. The fair value of the outstanding interest rate cap position was a net asset of approximately 1.0 million at December 31, 2023 and 0.5 million at December 31, 2022, included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of such date. Under the terms of these agreements, we will receive and pay interest based on the following: 
 Notional Amount Cap Rate (1) Receive Rate (1) (2) Start Date Maturing Date (In millions) 250.0 5.000 one-month SOFR February 26, 2023 February 25, 2024 125.0 5.000 one-month SOFR October 26, 2023 October 26, 2024 500.0 5.000 one-month SOFR February 26, 2024 February 26, 2025 
 (1) Under these interest rate caps, no payment from the counterparty will occur unless the stated receive rate exceeds the stated cap rate, in which case a net payment to us from the counterparty, based on the spread between the receive rate and the cap rate, will be recognized as a reduction of interest expense, other, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 (2) One-month SOFR was approximately 5.344 at December 31, 2023. 
 The interest rate caps have been designated and qualify as cash flow hedges and, as a result, changes in the fair value of these instruments are recorded in total other comprehensive income (loss) before taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive operations. 

76 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 Absent the acceleration of payments of principal that may result from non-compliance with financial and operational covenants under our various indebtedness, future principal maturities of variable and fixed rate debt and related interest rate caps are as follows: 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Asset (Liability) Fair Value (In millions) Long-term debt: Fixed rate maturities 34.1 72.8 26.0 5.7 15.7 1,158.7 1,313.0 Fixed rate outstanding (1) 1,313.0 1,278.9 1,206.1 1,180.1 1,174.5 1,158.7 1,195.6 Average rate on fixed outstanding debt (1) 4.67 4.67 4.71 4.73 4.73 4.73 Variable rate maturities 26.0 40.4 27.1 286.6 6.8 386.9 Variable rate outstanding (1) 386.6 360.6 320.2 293.1 6.5 386.9 Average rate on variable outstanding debt (1) 6.97 6.97 6.96 6.96 7.09 N/A Cash flow hedge instruments: Interest rate cap notional maturities 375.0 500.0 Interest rate cap notional outstanding (1) 375.0 500.0 1.0 Average interest income rate on interest rate cap notional outstanding (1) N/A 
 (1) Based on amounts outstanding at January 1 of each respective period. 

77 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto begin on page F-4 herein. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures . Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and our Chief Financial Officer CFO ), we evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2023. Based upon that evaluation, our CEO and our CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2023. 
 Our CEO and our CFO have each concluded that the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its subsidiaries in conformity with GAAP. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and our CFO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework published in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023. The attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm on the Company s internal control over financial reporting is set forth in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the control system are met and may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, any evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in future periods is subject to risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2023, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 Insider Trading Arrangements 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2023, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) adopted, modified or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 
 78 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this item with respect to our executive officers appears in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Information About Our Executive Officers and is incorporated herein by reference. The other information required by this item is furnished by incorporation by reference to the information under the headings Election of Directors, Corporate Governance and Board of Directors and Additional Corporate Governance and Other Information - Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Categorical Standards and Committee Charters in the definitive proxy statement (to be filed hereafter) for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement ). 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this item is furnished by incorporation by reference to the information under the headings Executive Compensation and Director Compensation in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this item is furnished by incorporation by reference to the information under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item is furnished by incorporation by reference to the information under the headings Corporate Governance and Board of Directors - Director Independence, Corporate Governance and Board of Directors - Policies and Procedures for Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Affiliates and Corporate Governance and Board of Directors - Transactions with Affiliates in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: . 
 The information required by this item is furnished by incorporation by reference to the information under the heading Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Proxy Statement. 

79 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 The exhibits and other documents filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including those exhibits that are incorporated by reference herein, are: 
 1. Financial Statements: Consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022; consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021; consolidated statements of comprehensive operations for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021; consolidated statements of stockholders equity for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021; and consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules: No financial statement schedules are required to be filed (no respective financial statement captions) as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 3. Exhibits: Exhibits required in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed below. Certain of such exhibits are hereby incorporated by reference to other documents on file with the SEC with which they are physically filed, to be a part hereof as of their respective dates. 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 17, 2021, by and among Sonic Automotive, Inc., RFJMS, Inc., RFJ Auto Partners, Inc. and The Resolute Fund III, L.P., as the equityholder representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 22, 2021 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Sonic Automotive, Inc., dated August 7, 1997 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 3.2 Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Class A Convertible Preferred Stock, dated March 20, 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Sonic Automotive, Inc., dated June 16, 1999 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 3.4 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Sonic Automotive, Inc., dated April 18, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 3.5 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Sonic Automotive, Inc., dated May 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed June 8, 2021 (File No. 333-256891)). 
 3.6 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Sonic Automotive, Inc., dated May 16, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 3.7 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Sonic Automotive, Inc., dated February 10, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 12, 2021 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 4.1 Description of Securities of Sonic Automotive, Inc. 
 4.2 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed October 17, 1997 (File No. 333-33295)). 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2021, by and among Sonic Automotive, Inc., the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 27, 2021 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 4.4 Form of 4.625 Senior Note due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.3) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 27, 2021 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 4.5 Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2021, by and among Sonic Automotive, Inc., the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 27, 2021 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 4.6 Form of 4.875 Senior Note due 2031 (included in Exhibit 4.5) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 27, 2021 (File No. 001-13395)). 

80 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.1 Fifth Amended, Restated and Consolidated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021, among Sonic Automotive, Inc.; the subsidiaries of Sonic Automotive, Inc. named therein; each lender a party thereto; and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, revolving swing line lender, new vehicle swing line lender, used vehicle swing line lender and an l/c issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 20, 2021 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.2 Amendment No. 1 to Fifth Amended, Restated and Consolidated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2021, among Sonic Automotive, Inc.; the subsidiaries of Sonic Automotive, Inc. named therein; each lender a party thereto; and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, revolving swing line lender, new vehicle swing line lender, used vehicle swing line lender and an l/c issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 13, 2021 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.3 Amendment No. 2 to Fifth Amended, Restated and Consolidated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2022, among Sonic Automotive, Inc.; the subsidiaries of Sonic Automotive, Inc. named therein; each lender a party thereto; and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, revolving swing line lender, new vehicle swing line lender, used vehicle swing line lender and an l/c issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 13, 2022 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.4 Form of Promissory Note, dated April 14, 2021, executed by Sonic Automotive, Inc., as borrower, in favor of each of the lenders to the Fifth Amended, Restated and Consolidated Credit Agreement. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 20, 2021 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.5 Fourth Amended and Restated Company Guaranty Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021, by Sonic Automotive, Inc. to Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for each of the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 20, 2021 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.6 Fifth Amended, Restated and Consolidated Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021, by the subsidiaries of Sonic Automotive, Inc. named therein, as guarantors, to Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for each of the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 20, 2021 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.7 Fifth Amended and Restated Securities Pledge Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021, among Sonic Automotive, Inc., the subsidiaries of Sonic Automotive, Inc. named therein and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for each of the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 20, 2021 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.8 Fifth Amended and Restated Escrow and Security Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021, among Sonic Automotive, Inc., the subsidiaries of Sonic Automotive, Inc. named therein and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for each of the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 20, 2021 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.9 Fifth Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021, among Sonic Automotive, Inc., the subsidiaries of Sonic Automotive, Inc. named therein and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for each of the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 20, 2021 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.10 Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2019, among Sonic Automotive, Inc.; each lender a party thereto; and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.11 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2020, among Sonic Automotive, Inc.; each lender a party thereto; and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.12 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021, among Sonic Automotive, Inc.; each lender a party thereto; and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.13 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2021, among Sonic Automotive, Inc.; each lender a party thereto; and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 13, 2021 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.14 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Lender Joinder, dated as of November 17, 2022, among Sonic Automotive, Inc.; the subsidiaries of Sonic Automotive, Inc. named therein; each financial institution party thereto; and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and a lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 23, 2022 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.15 Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2019, by the subsidiaries of Sonic Automotive, Inc. named therein, as guarantors, to PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the lenders incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (File No. 001-13395)). 

81 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.16 Amended and Restated Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2022, by the subsidiaries of Sonic Automotive, Inc. named therein, as guarantors, to PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for each of the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 23, 2022 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.17 Form of Promissory Note, dated November 22, 2019, executed by Sonic Automotive, Inc., as borrower, in favor of each of the lenders to the Credit Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.18 Standard Form of Lease executed with Capital Automotive L.P. or its affiliates (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.19 Standard Form of Lease Guaranty executed with Capital Automotive L.P. or its affiliates (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.20 Amendment to Guaranty and Subordination Agreements, dated as of January 1, 2005, by and between Sonic Automotive, Inc., as guarantor, and Capital Automotive L.P. and its affiliates named therein, as landlord (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.21 Second Amendment to Guaranty and Subordination Agreements, dated as of March 12, 2009, by and between Sonic Automotive, Inc., as guarantor, and Capital Automotive L.P. and its affiliates named therein, as landlord (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.22 Side Letter to Second Amendment to Guaranty and Subordination Agreements, dated as of March 12, 2009, by and between Sonic Automotive, Inc., as guarantor, and Capital Automotive L.P. and its affiliates named therein, as landlord (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-13395)). 
 10.23 Sonic Automotive, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, amended and restated as of May 8, 2002 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.24 Sonic Automotive, Inc. Nonqualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan, amended and restated as of October 23, 2002 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.25 Sonic Automotive, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, effective January 1, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.26 First Amendment to Sonic Automotive, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, effective January 1, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.27 Second Amendment to Sonic Automotive, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, effective January 1, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.28 Third Amendment to Sonic Automotive, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, effective February 12, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 13, 2015 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.29 Fourth Amendment to Sonic Automotive, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, effective April 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.30 Sonic Automotive, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, amended and restated as of February 10, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3, 2021 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.31 Sonic Automotive, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.32 Sonic Automotive, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.33 Sonic Automotive, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 

82 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.34 Sonic Automotive, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.35 Sonic Automotive, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Retention Grant, dated May 6, 2015, between Sonic Automotive, Inc. and Jeff Dyke (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 8, 2015 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.36 Sonic Automotive, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.37 Sonic Automotive, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.38 Sonic Automotive, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Retention Grant, dated February 9, 2022, between Sonic Automotive, Inc. and Heath R. Byrd (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.39 Sonic Automotive, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.40 Sonic Automotive, Inc. 2012 Formula Restricted Stock and Deferral Plan for Non-Employee Directors, amended and restated effective as of May 15, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed April 3, 2023 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.41 Sonic Automotive, Inc. 2012 Formula Restricted Stock and Deferral Plan for Non-Employee Directors Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.42 Sonic Automotive, Inc. 2012 Formula Restricted Stock and Deferral Plan for Non-Employee Directors Form of Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.43 Sonic Automotive, Inc. Director Compensation Policy, effective April 29, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.44 Employment Agreement of Heath R. Byrd, dated October 18, 2007, as amended December 19, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 10.45 Form of Change in Control Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 8, 2015 (File No. 001-13395)). (1) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Sonic Automotive, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP. 
 23.2 Consent of KPMG LLP. 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 97.1 Sonic Automotive, Inc. Executive Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy. (1) 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 83 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 Exhibit No. Description 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 _________________ 
 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. Schedules (or similar attachments) have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Sonic agrees to furnish supplementally copies of any of the omitted schedules (or similar attachments) to the SEC or the SEC staff upon request. 
 (1) Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 84 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 
 85 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. February 22, 2024 By: /s/ HEATH R. BYRD Heath R. Byrd Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ DAVID BRUTON SMITH Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 22, 2024 David Bruton Smith (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ JEFF DYKE President and Director February 22, 2024 Jeff Dyke /s/ HEATH R. BYRD Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 22, 2024 Heath R. Byrd (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ WILLIAM I. BELK Director February 22, 2024 William I. Belk /s/ WILLIAM R. BROOKS Director February 22, 2024 William R. Brooks /s/ MICHAEL HODGE Director February 22, 2024 Michael Hodge /s/ KERI A. KAISER Director February 22, 2024 Keri A. Kaiser /s/ B. SCOTT SMITH Director February 22, 2024 B. Scott Smith /s/ MARCUS G. SMITH Director February 22, 2024 Marcus G. Smith /s/ R. EUGENE TAYLOR Director February 22, 2024 R. Eugene Taylor 
 
 86 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Sonic Automotive, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Sonic Automotive, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated February 22, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion . 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical audit matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 
 February 22, 2024 

87 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Sonic Automotive, Inc. 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Sonic Automotive, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, and our report dated February 22, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 
 February 22, 2024 
 
 88 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Sonic Automotive, Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Sonic Automotive, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We served as the Company s auditor from 2014 to 2023. 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 
 February 17, 2023 
 
 F-1 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 (Dollars in millions) ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property and Equipment, net Goodwill Other Intangible Assets, net Operating Right-of-Use Lease Assets Finance Right-of-Use Lease Assets Other Assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities: Notes payable - floor plan - trade Notes payable - floor plan - non-trade Trade accounts payable Operating short-term lease liabilities Finance short-term lease liabilities Other accrued liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-Term Debt Other Long-Term Liabilities Operating Long-Term Lease Liabilities Finance Long-Term Lease Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Stockholders Equity: Class A Convertible Preferred Stock, issued 
 Class A Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2023; shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Class B Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Treasury stock, at cost; Class A Common Stock shares held at December 31, 2023 and Class A Common Stock shares held at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) Total Stockholders Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-2 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) Revenues: Retail new vehicles Fleet new vehicles Total new vehicles Used vehicles Wholesale vehicles Total vehicles Parts, service and collision repair Finance, insurance and other, net Total revenues Cost of Sales: Retail new vehicles ) ) ) Fleet new vehicles ) ) ) Total new vehicles ) ) ) Used vehicles ) ) ) Wholesale vehicles ) ) ) Total vehicles ) ) ) Parts, service and collision repair ) ) ) Total cost of sales ) ) ) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Impairment charges ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Operating income Other income (expense): Interest expense, floor plan ) ) ) Interest expense, other, net ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Total other income (expense) ) ) ) Income (loss) before taxes 
 Provision for income taxes - benefit (expense) 
 ) ) ) Net income (loss) Basic earnings (loss) per common share: Earnings (loss) per common share Weighted - average common shares outstanding 
 Diluted earnings (loss) per common share: Earnings (loss) per common share Weighted - average common shares outstanding 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE OPERATIONS 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) before taxes: Change in fair value and amortization of interest rate cap agreements ) Pension actuarial income (loss) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) before taxes Provision for income tax benefit (expense) related to components of other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Comprehensive income (loss) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-4 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Class A Common Stock Class A Treasury Stock Class B Common Stock Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Shares awarded under stock compensation plans Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Effect of cash flow hedge instruments, net of tax expense of 
 Pension actuarial income, net of tax expense of 
 Restricted stock amortization Net income (loss) Class A dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Class B dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Shares awarded under stock compensation plans Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Effect of cash flow hedge instruments, net of tax benefit of 
 ) ) Pension actuarial income, net of tax expense of 
 Restricted stock amortization Net income (loss) Class A dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Class B dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Shares awarded under stock compensation plans Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Effect of cash flow hedge instruments, net of tax expense 
 Pension actuarial income, net of tax benefit 
 ) ) Restricted stock amortization Net income (loss) Class A dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Class B dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment Debt issuance cost amortization Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) Asset impairment charges Gain on disposal of dealerships and property and equipment ) ) ) Other Changes in assets and liabilities that relate to operations: Receivables ) ) Inventories ) Other assets ) Notes payable - floor plan - trade ) Trade accounts payable and other liabilities ) Total adjustments ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Purchases of land, property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of property and equipment Proceeds from sales of dealerships Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Net (repayments) borrowings on notes payable - floor plan - non-trade ) Borrowings on revolving credit facilities Repayments on revolving credit facilities ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Principal payments of long-term debt ) ) ) Repurchase of debt securities ) Reduction of finance lease liabilities ) ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of shares under stock compensation plans Dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid during the period for: Interest, including amount capitalized Income taxes 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-6 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 reportable segments as of December 31, 2023: (1) the Franchised Dealerships Segment; (2) the EchoPark Segment; and (3) the Powersports Segment. For management and operational reporting purposes, we group certain businesses together that share management and inventory (principally used vehicles) into stores. As of December 31, 2023, we operated stores in the Franchised Dealerships Segment, stores in the EchoPark Segment and stores in the Powersports Segment. The Franchised Dealerships Segment consists of new vehicle franchises (representing different brands of cars and light trucks) and collision repair centers in states. The EchoPark Segment operates in states, including Northwest Motorsport pre-owned vehicle stores acquired in the RFJ Acquisition in December 2021 that are included in the EchoPark Segment. In January 2024, we closed all of the remaining Northwest Motorsport stores. The Powersports Segment operates in states. 
 The Franchised Dealerships Segment provides comprehensive sales and services, including: (1) sales of both new and used cars and light trucks; (2) sales of replacement parts and performance of vehicle maintenance, manufacturer warranty repairs, and paint and collision repair services (collectively, Fixed Operations and (3) arrangement of third-party financing, extended warranties, service contracts, insurance and other aftermarket products (collectively, F I for our guests. The EchoPark Segment sells used cars and light trucks and arranges third-party F I product sales for our guests in pre-owned vehicle specialty retail locations, and does not offer customer-facing Fixed Operations services. The Powersports Segment offers guests: (1) sales of both new and used powersports vehicles (such as motorcycles, personal watercraft and all-terrain vehicles); (2) Fixed Operations activities; and (3) F I services. All three segments generally operate independently of one another, with the exception of certain shared back-office functions and corporate overhead costs. 
 F-7 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Change in Accounting Principle - During the first quarter of 2023, Sonic voluntarily changed the date of its annual goodwill impairment test and other intangible assets impairment test from October 1 to April 30. This change is preferable under the circumstances as it provides Sonic with better alignment of the annual impairment test with the availability of final approved prospective financial information for use in projecting future cash flows in our impairment models. For the April 30, 2023 annual impairment test, we utilized the same valuation approach and the change in valuation date did not produce different impairment results, nor do we expect it to produce different results in future periods. This change was not applied retrospectively, as it was impracticable to do so because retrospective application would require application of significant estimates and assumptions with the use of hindsight. Accordingly, the change was applied prospectively, beginning with the April 30, 2023 impairment test date. 
 -owned dealership that is accounted for under the equity method. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-8 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million, respectively, related to contract assets from F I retro revenues recognition, which are recorded in receivables, net. Changes in contract assets from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2023 were primarily due to ordinary business activity, including the receipt of cash for amounts earned and recognized in prior periods. 
 million, million and million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 days of the initial approval of the finance transaction given by the third-party finance source. The finance source is not contractually obligated to make the loan or lease to the guest until it gives its final approval and funds the transaction, and until such final approval is given, the contracts in transit represent amounts due from the guest to us. Contracts in transit are included in receivables, net on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and totaled approximately million and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Manufacturer and warranty receivables Other receivables Receivables, net 
 F-9 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- years 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment - years 
 
 We review the carrying value of property and equipment and other long-lived assets (including related right-of-use assets for leased properties, but excluding goodwill and other intangible assets) for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. If such an indication is present, we compare the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated undiscounted cash flows related to that asset. We conclude that an asset is impaired if the sum of such expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the related asset. If we determine an asset is impaired, the impairment loss would be the amount by which the carrying amount of the related asset exceeds its fair value. The fair value of the asset would be determined based on the quoted market prices, if available. If quoted market prices are not available, we determine fair value by using a discounted cash flow DCF model. Fixed asset impairments for the year ended December 31, 2023 were approximately million, the majority of which related to our decisions to indefinitely suspend operations at certain locations with our EchoPark Segment and to close certain Northwest Motorsport stores. See Note 4, Property and Equipment, for further discussion of impairment charges. 
 reporting units, which consist of: (1) our traditional franchised dealerships, (2) our EchoPark stores and (3) our powersports stores. In evaluating goodwill for impairment, if the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the difference would represent the amount of the required goodwill impairment. We utilized the DCF method to estimate the enterprise value of each reporting unit. The significant assumptions in our DCF model include projected revenues, margin, terminal growth rate, discount rates and a market capitalization reconciliation. As a result of our April 30, 2023 annual test, we determined it was more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit was greater than its carrying value. We were not required to record goodwill impairment for any of our reporting units during 2023. See Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, for further discussion of goodwill. 
 F-10 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and receivables from financial institutions (which include manufacturer-affiliated captive finance companies and commercial banks) and third-party warranty and insurance product providers, totaling approximately million and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We work with a single third-party provider for the majority of our extended warranties, service contracts and other aftermarket products. Credit risk arising from trade receivables from commercial customers is reduced by the large number of customers comprising the trade receivables balances. 
 We are subject to a concentration of risk in the event of financial distress or other adverse events related to any of the automobile manufacturers whose franchised dealerships are included in our brand portfolio. As of December 31, 2023, BMW and Mercedes franchises accounted for and of our total retail automotive dealership revenues, respectively. We purchase our new vehicle inventory from various automobile manufacturers at the prevailing prices available to all franchised dealerships. In addition, we finance a portion of our new and used vehicle inventory with manufacturer-affiliated captive finance companies. Our results of operations could be adversely affected by the manufacturers inability to supply our dealerships with an adequate supply of new vehicle inventory and related floor plan financing. We also have concentrations of risk related to the geographic markets in which our dealerships or stores operate. Changes in overall economic, retail automotive or regulatory environments in one or more of these markets could adversely impact the results of our operations. 
 million, million and million for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is classified in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 F-11 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, million and million for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 reportable segments: (1) the Franchised Dealerships Segment; (2) the EchoPark Segment; and (3) the Powersports Segment. The Franchised Dealerships Segment provides comprehensive sales and services, including: (1) sales of both new and used cars and light trucks; (2) Fixed Operations activities; and (3) F I services for our guests. The EchoPark Segment sells used cars and light trucks and arranges third-party F I product sales for our guests in pre-owned vehicle specialty retail locations, and does not offer customer-facing Fixed Operations services. The Powersports Segment offers guests: (1) sales of both new and used powersports vehicles (such as motorcycles, personal watercraft and all-terrain vehicles); (2) Fixed Operations activities; and (3) F I services. All three segments generally operate independently of one another, with the exception of certain shared back-office functions and corporate overhead costs. 
 Earnings Per Share - The calculation of diluted earnings per share considers the potential dilutive effect of outstanding restricted stock units, restricted stock awards and stock options granted under Sonic s stock compensation plans (and any non-forfeitable dividends paid on such awards). The total dilutive effect of these outstanding equity awards was million shares, million shares and million shares for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 2. Business Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 Acquisitions 
 During 2023, in an effort to expand and diversify our business, we acquired business (consisting of locations) in our Powersports Segment for an aggregate gross purchase price (including inventory acquired and subsequently funded by floor plan notes payable) of approximately million. The allocation of approximately million aggregate gross purchase price included inventory of approximately million, property and equipment of approximately million, franchise assets of approximately million, goodwill of approximately million, real estate of approximately million, other assets of approximately million, and other liabilities of approximately million. 
 During 2022, in an effort to expand our business, we acquired businesses in our Franchised Dealerships Segment and businesses (consisting of locations) in our Powersports Segment for an aggregate gross purchase price (including inventory acquired and subsequently funded by floor plan notes payable) of approximately million. During that period, we also recorded the impact of a million post-close adjustment related to the acquisition of RFJ Auto Partners, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively RFJ Auto completed in December 2021 (the RFJ Acquisition ). The allocation of the approximately million aggregate gross purchase price for the acquisitions completed during 2022 included inventory of approximately million, property and equipment of approximately million, franchise assets of approximately million, goodwill of approximately million, real estate of approximately million, other assets of approximately million, and liabilities of approximately million. During 2023, we booked a post-close goodwill adjustment related to business acquired in our Franchised Dealerships Segment and business in our Powersports Segment for a decrease of million and an increase of million, respectively. 
 During 2021, in an effort to expand our business, we acquired franchised dealership businesses and pre-owned businesses for approximately million, including the stock acquisition of RFJ Auto. On December 6, 2021 (the Closing Date ), RFJ Auto merged with and into a wholly owned subsidiary of Sonic, with RFJ Auto surviving the merger and becoming a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Sonic (the RFJ Acquisition ). In connection with the RFJ Acquisition, Sonic acquired RFJ Auto, which collectively had automotive retail locations in seven states and a portfolio of automotive brands. Beginning on the Closing Date, the results of stores acquired in the RFJ Acquisition were included in our Franchised Dealerships Segment and Northwest Motorsport pre-owned vehicle stores acquired in the RFJ Acquisition were included in our EchoPark Segment. The aggregate consideration for the RFJ Acquisition was approximately million (including a million impact of a post-close adjustment in 2022), of which approximately million was funded from borrowings under Sonic s syndicated new and used vehicle floor plan credit facilities. 
 F-12 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Under the acquisition method of accounting, the purchase price is allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on information currently available. The allocation of the approximately million aggregate gross purchase price for the RFJ Acquisition included cash of approximately million, receivables of approximately million, inventories of approximately million, other current assets of approximately million, property and equipment of approximately million, goodwill of approximately million, franchise assets of approximately million, trade accounts payable of approximately million, and other accrued liabilities of approximately million. 
 The accompanying consolidated statements of operations include revenue and net income attributable to RFJ Auto from December 6, 2021 through December 31, 2021 of approximately million and million, respectively. 
 Results of acquired dealerships are included in our accompanying consolidated statements of operations commencing on the date of acquisition. Our acquisitions are accounted for such that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recognized at their acquisition date fair values, with any excess of the consideration transferred over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is an asset representing operational synergies and future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. The fair value of our manufacturer franchise rights are determined as of the acquisition date, by discounting the projected cash flows specific to each franchise. This analysis includes projected revenue, projected operating margin, a discount rates (and estimates in the discount rate inputs) and residual growth rates. 
 Dispositions 
 During 2023, we disposed of luxury franchised dealership, domestic franchised dealership, and mid-line import franchised dealership that generated net cash of approximately million. We did dispose of any businesses in 2022. During 2021, we disposed of luxury franchised dealership and terminated mid-line import franchises, which generated net cash of approximately million. In conjunction with dealership dispositions, we have agreed to indemnify the buyers from certain liabilities and costs arising from operations or events that occurred prior to sale but which may or may not have been known at the time of sale, including environmental liabilities and liabilities resulting from the breach of representations or warranties made under the agreements. See Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies, for further discussion. 
 Revenues and other operating results associated with disposed dealerships that remain in reported results from operations were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (In millions) Income (loss) from operations before taxes and items below ) ) Gain (loss) on disposal of dealerships (1) Lease exit accrual adjustments and charges Income (loss) before taxes Total revenues 
 (1) Included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we evaluate our dealership franchises for possible disposition based on various strategic and performance criteria. As of December 31, 2023, we did not have any dealerships classified as held for sale. 
 F-13 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On June 22, 2023, we announced a plan to indefinitely suspend operations at EchoPark locations and related delivery/buy centers. In addition, during the third quarter of 2023, we closed Northwest Motorsport pre-owned locations within the EchoPark Segment (as defined below). In connection with these closures, Sonic recorded a charge totaling approximately million during the second quarter of 2023. This charge included impairments of million related to fixed assets, million related to right-of-use assets and million related to cease-use accruals; million related to lease exit charges; million of inventory valuation adjustments; and million related to severance. During the third quarter of 2023, we recorded approximately million in additional charges related to these store closures, which included million of lease exit charges and million related to severance. The locations within our EchoPark Segment with indefinitely suspended operations or that were closed are not considered disposed and therefore are not included in the below table disclosing the effect of disposed franchised dealerships on continued operations. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2023, we recorded fixed asset and right-of-use assets impairment charges of approximately million for the EchoPark Segment. In January 2024, after the end of the fiscal year, we closed the remaining Northwest Motorsport stores. 
 
 3. 
 Used vehicles Service loaners (1) 
 Parts, accessories and other Inventories 
 (1) Service loaner inventory includes approximately million and million as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively, related to vehicles that are leased directly from the manufacturer on a short-term basis. A corresponding liability is included within notes payable, floor plan - trade on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 We finance all of our new and certain of our used vehicle inventory through standardized floor plan facilities with either: (1) certain manufacturer captive finance companies or (2) a syndicate of manufacturer-affiliated captive finance companies and commercial banks. We also use these floor plan facilities to finance the acquisition of new and certain used vehicle inventory as part of acquisitions of dealerships. These floor plan facilities are due on demand and currently bear interest at variable rates based on either one-month Term SOFR or prime plus an additional spread, depending on the lender arrangement. The weighted-average interest rate for our new vehicle floor plan facilities was , and for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our floor plan interest expense related to the new vehicle floor plan arrangements is partially offset by amounts received from manufacturers in the form of floor plan assistance capitalized in inventory and charged against cost of sales when the associated inventory is sold. For 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recognized a reduction in cost of sales of approximately million, million and million, respectively, related to manufacturer floor plan assistance. 
 The weighted-average interest rate for our used vehicle floor plan facilities was , and for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The new and used vehicle floor plan facilities are collateralized by vehicle inventory and other assets, excluding goodwill and other intangible assets, of the relevant dealership subsidiary. The new and used vehicle floor plan facilities contain a number of covenants, including, among others, covenants restricting us with respect to the creation of liens and changes in ownership, officers and key management personnel. We were in compliance with all of these restrictive covenants as of December 31, 2023. 
 Sonic participates in a program with its syndicated floor plan lender wherein Sonic maintains a deposit balance with the lender that earns floor plan interest rebates based on an agreed upon rate. The deposit balance was million and million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and is included in other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The interest rebate as a result of this deposit balance is classified as a reduction in interest expense, floor plan in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. In 2023, 2022 and 2021, the reduction in interest expense, floor plan was approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 F-14 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

4. 
 Buildings and improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Construction in progress Total, at cost Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Subtotal Less assets held for sale (1) ) Property and equipment, net 
 (1) Classified in other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Interest capitalized in conjunction with construction projects and software development was approximately million, million and million for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, commitments for facility construction projects totaled approximately million. 
 During 2023 and 2022, property and equipment impairment charges were recorded as noted in the following table: 
 Franchised Dealerships Segment EchoPark Segment Consolidated Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2023 2022 
 Impairment charges were not material for 2021. 
 
 5. 
 impairment of goodwill. 
 In evaluating the recoverability of our indefinite lived franchise assets, we utilized a multi-period excess earnings method MPEEM model using unobservable inputs (Level 3) to estimate the fair value of the franchise assets for each of our franchises with recorded franchise assets. The significant assumptions in our MPEEM model include projected revenue, projected operating margins, a discount rate (and estimates in the discount rate inputs) and residual growth rates. We completed our annual impairment testing as of April 30, 2023 and determined there was no impairment of franchise assets. 
 F-15 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Additions through current year acquisitions Reductions from impairment ) ) Prior year acquisition allocations ) Balance at December 31, 2022 (2) Additions through current year acquisitions Reductions from dispositions ) ) Prior year acquisition allocations Balance at December 31, 2023 (2) 
 (1) Net of accumulated impairment losses of billion related to the Franchised Dealerships Segment. 
 (2) Net of accumulated impairment losses of billion and million related to the Franchised Dealerships Segment and the EchoPark Segment, respectively. 
 
 Additions through current year acquisitions Reductions from dispositions ) ) Reductions from impairment ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Additions through current year acquisitions Reductions from dispositions ) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 

F-16 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

6. Long-Term Debt 
 4.625 Senior Notes due 2029 (the 4.625 Notes 4.875 Senior Notes due 2031 (the 4.875 Notes 2019 Mortgage Facility (2) Mortgage notes to finance companies - fixed rate, bearing interest from 2.05 to 7.03 Mortgage notes to finance companies - variable rate, bearing interest at 1.50 to 2.90 percentage points above one-month or three-month LIBOR or SOFR Subtotal Debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt Less current maturities ) ) Long-term debt 
 (1) The interest rate on the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) was 125 basis points above one-month Term SOFR (as defined in the 2021 Credit Facilities) at December 31, 2023 and 100 basis points above one-month LIBOR at December 31, 2022. 
 (2) The interest rate on the 2019 Mortgage Facility (as defined below) was 150 basis points above one-month Term SOFR (as defined in the 2019 Mortgage Facility) at December 31, 2023 and 125 basis points above one-month LIBOR at December 31, 2022. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 F-17 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2021 Credit Facilities 
 On April 14, 2021, we entered into an amended and restated syndicated revolving credit facility (the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility and amended and restated syndicated new and used vehicle floor plan credit facilities (the 2021 Floor Plan Facilities and, together with the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, the 2021 Credit Facilities ). The amendment and restatement of the 2021 Credit Facilities extended the scheduled maturity dates to April 14, 2025. On October 8, 2021, we entered into an amendment to the 2021 Credit Facilities (the Credit Facility Amendment to, among other things: (1) increase the aggregate commitments under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility to million (which may be increased at the Company s option up to million upon satisfaction of certain conditions), and the 2021 Floor Plan Facilities to billion (which, under certain conditions, may be increased at the Company s option up to billion that may be allocated between the new vehicle revolving floor plan facility and the used vehicle revolving floor plan facility the comprise the 2021 Floor Plan Facilities as the Company requests, with no more than of the aggregate commitments allocated to the used vehicle revolving floor plan facility); and (2) permit the issuance of the Notes and the Notes. On October 7, 2022, we entered into an amendment to the 2021 Credit Facilities (the Second Credit Facility Amendment to, among other things: (1) replace the 2021 Credit Facilities LIBOR-based Eurodollar reference interest rate option with a reference interest rate option based upon one-month Term SOFR; (2) amend the provisions relating to the basis for inclusion of real property owned by the Company or certain of its subsidiaries in the borrowing base for the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility; (3) amend the minimum amount for commitments under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility and the proportion that such commitments under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility may compose of the total commitments made by the lenders; and (4) adjust aspects of the offset account used for voluntary reductions to loans under the 2021 Floor Plan Facilities. 
 As amended, availability under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility is calculated as the lesser of million or a borrowing base calculated based on certain eligible assets, less the aggregate amount of any outstanding letters of credit and borrowings under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility (the 2021 Revolving Borrowing Base ). As of December 31, 2023, the 2021 Revolving Borrowing Base was million based on balances as of such date. As of December 31, 2023, we had outstanding borrowings and million in outstanding letters of credit under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, resulting in million remaining borrowing availability under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Our obligations under the 2021 Credit Facilities are guaranteed by the Company and certain of our subsidiaries and are secured by a pledge of substantially all of our and our subsidiaries assets. As of the dates presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the amounts outstanding under the 2021 Credit Facilities bear interest at variable rates based on specified percentages above one-month Term SOFR. We have agreed under the 2021 Credit Facilities not to pledge any assets to any third parties (other than those explicitly allowed to be pledged by the amended terms of the 2021 Credit Facilities), including other lenders, subject to certain stated exceptions, including floor plan financing arrangements. In addition, the 2021 Credit Facilities contain certain negative covenants, including covenants which could restrict or prohibit indebtedness, liens, the payment of dividends and other restricted payments, capital expenditures and material dispositions and acquisitions of assets, as well as other customary covenants and default provisions. Specifically, the 2021 Credit Facilities permit quarterly cash dividends on our Class A and Class B Common Stock up to per share so long as no Event of Default (as defined in the 2021 Credit Facilities) has occurred and is continuing and provided that we remain in compliance with all financial covenants under the 2021 Credit Facilities. In addition, dividends greater than per share are permitted subject to the limitations on restricted payments set forth in the 2021 Credit Facilities. 
 Notes 
 On October 27, 2021, we issued million in aggregate principal amount of Notes, which will mature on November 15, 2029. Sonic used the net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes, along with the net proceeds of the Notes, to fund the RFJ Acquisition and to repay existing debt. 
 
 The Notes were issued under an Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2021 (the 2029 Indenture ), by and among the Company, certain subsidiary guarantors named therein (collectively, the Guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the trustee ). The Notes are unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis initially by all of the Company s domestic operating subsidiaries. The parent company has no independent assets or operations. The non-domestic operating subsidiary that is not a guarantor is considered minor. Under certain circumstances set forth in the 2029 Indenture, the guarantees of the certain subsidiaries of the Company comprising the EchoPark Business (as defined in the 2029 Indenture) may be released. The 2029 Indenture also provides substantial flexibility for the Company to enter into fundamental transactions involving the EchoPark Business. The 2029 Indenture provides that interest on the Notes will be payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year beginning May 15, 2022. The 2029 Indenture also contains other restrictive covenants and default provisions common for an issue of senior notes of this nature. 
 F-18 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Notes will be redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, at any time on or after November 15, 2024 at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of the principal amount thereof) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the 12-month period beginning on November 15 of the years set forth below: 
 Year Redemption Price 2024 2025 2026 
 Before November 15, 2024, the Company may redeem all or a part of the Notes, subject to payment of a make-whole premium. In addition, the Company may redeem on or before November 15, 2024 up to an aggregate of of the aggregate principal of the Notes at a price equal to of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption, with the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings. 
 Notes 
 On October 27, 2021, we issued million in aggregate principal amount of Notes, which will mature on November 15, 2031. Sonic used the net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes, along with the net proceeds of the Notes, to fund the RFJ Acquisition and to repay existing debt. 
 The Notes were issued under an Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2021 (the 2031 Indenture ), by and among the Company, the Guarantors and the trustee. The Notes are unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis initially by all of the Company s domestic operating subsidiaries. The parent company has no independent assets or operations. The non-domestic operating subsidiary that is not a guarantor is considered minor. Under certain circumstances set forth in the 2031 Indenture, the guarantees of the certain subsidiaries of the Company comprising the EchoPark Business (as defined in the 2031 Indenture) may be released. The 2031 Indenture also provides substantial flexibility for the Company to enter into fundamental transactions involving the EchoPark Business. The 2031 Indenture provides that interest on the Notes will be payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year beginning May 15, 2022. The 2031 Indenture also contains other restrictive covenants and default provisions common for an issue of senior notes of this nature. 
 
 The Notes will be redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, at any time on or after November 15, 2026 at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of the principal amount thereof) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the 12-month period beginning on November 15 of the years set forth below: 
 Year Redemption Price 2026 2027 2028 2029 
 Before November 15, 2026, the Company may redeem all or a part of the Notes, subject to payment of a make-whole premium. In addition, the Company may redeem on or before November 15, 2026 up to an aggregate of of the aggregate principal of the Notes at a price equal to of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption, with the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings. 
 2019 Mortgage Facility 
 On November 22, 2019, we entered into a delayed draw-term loan credit agreement, which was scheduled to mature on November 22, 2024 (the 2019 Mortgage Facility ). On October 11, 2021, we entered into an amendment to the 2019 Mortgage Facility (the Mortgage Facility Amendment to permit the consummation of the RFJ Acquisition and the issuance of the Notes and the Notes. On November 17, 2022, we entered into an amendment to the 2019 Mortgage Facility (the Second Mortgage Facility Amendment to, among other things, extend the scheduled maturity date to November 17, 2027. 
 F-19 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On November 17, 2022, in connection with the closing of the Second Mortgage Facility Amendment, the Company incurred a term loan under the 2019 Mortgage Facility with a principal amount of million, with a portion of the proceeds used to repay the entire million principal amount of the prior term loan. In addition, the lenders under the 2019 Mortgage Facility committed to providing, upon the terms set forth in the Second Mortgage Facility Amendment and upon the pledging of sufficient collateral by the Company, delayed draw-term loans in an aggregate principal amount up to million (the Delayed Draw Credit Facility and revolving loans in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed million outstanding. On November 18, 2022, the Company incurred a term loan under the Delayed Draw Credit Facility with a principal amount of million. The aggregate commitments of the lenders under the 2019 Mortgage Facility equal a total of million, upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the 2019 Mortgage Facility, including the appraisal and pledging of collateral of a specified value. The Second Mortgage Facility Amendment also amended the 2019 Mortgage Facility to, among other things: (1) replace the 2019 Mortgage Facility s LIBOR-based Eurodollar reference interest rate option with a reference interest rate option based upon one-month Term SOFR; and (2) make changes to the pricing grid for loans incurred under the 2019 Mortgage Facility, which is based on an incremental interest margin calculated based on the Company s Consolidated Total Lease Adjusted Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2019 Mortgage Facility). 
 Under the 2019 Mortgage Facility, Sonic had an initial maximum borrowing limit of million, which varies based on the appraised value of the real property collateral underlying the 2019 Mortgage Facility. Based on balances as of December 31, 2023, we had million of outstanding borrowings under the 2019 Mortgage Facility and additional lender commitments of million subject to the appraisal and pledging of additional real property collateral. 
 Amounts outstanding under the 2019 Mortgage Facility bear interest at: (1) a specified rate above one-month Term SOFR, ranging from to per annum according to a performance-based pricing grid determined by the Company s Consolidated Total Lease Adjusted Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter (the Performance Grid or (2) a specified rate above the Base Rate (as defined in the 2019 Mortgage Facility), ranging from to per annum according to the Performance Grid. Interest on the 2019 Mortgage Facility is paid monthly in arrears calculated using the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate (as defined in the 2019 Mortgage Facility) according to the Performance Grid. Repayment of principal is scheduled to be million per quarter from March 31, 2023 through December 31, 2024 and million per quarter from March 31, 2025 through September 30, 2027 with the remaining balance due on the November 17, 2027 maturity date. Prior to the November 17, 2027 maturity date, the Company reserves the right to prepay the principal amount outstanding at any time without premium or penalty provided the prepayment amount exceeds million. In addition, dividends greater than per share are permitted subject to the limitations on restricted payments set forth in the 2021 Credit Facilities. 
 The 2019 Mortgage Facility contains usual and customary representations and warranties, and usual and customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants which could restrict or prohibit indebtedness, liens, the payment of dividends and other restricted payments, capital expenditures and material dispositions and acquisitions of assets, as well as other customary covenants and default provisions. Specifically, the 2019 Mortgage Facility permits quarterly cash dividends on our Class A and Class B Common Stock up to per share so long as no Event of Default (as defined in the 2019 Mortgage Facility) has occurred and is continuing and provided that we remain in compliance with all financial covenants under the 2019 Mortgage Facility. 
 Mortgage Notes to Finance Companies 
 As of December 31, 2023, the weighted-average interest rate of our other outstanding mortgage notes (excluding the 2019 Mortgage Facility) was (an increase from as of December 31, 2022) and the total outstanding mortgage principal balance of these notes (excluding the 2019 Mortgage Facility) was approximately million. These mortgage notes require monthly payments of principal and interest through their respective maturities, are secured by the underlying properties and contain certain cross-default provisions. Maturity dates for these mortgage notes range from 2024 to 2033. 
 Covenants 
 We have agreed under the 2021 Credit Facilities and the 2019 Mortgage Facility not to pledge any assets to any third parties (other than those explicitly allowed to be pledged by the amended terms of the 2021 Credit Facilities and the 2019 Mortgage Facility), including other lenders, subject to certain stated exceptions, including floor plan financing arrangements. In addition, the 2021 Credit Facilities and the 2019 Mortgage Facility contain certain negative covenants, including covenants which could restrict or prohibit indebtedness, liens, the payment of dividends and other restricted payments, capital expenditures and material dispositions and acquisitions of assets, as well as other customary covenants and default provisions. 
 F-20 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2023 actual 
 The 2021 Credit Facilities and the 2019 Mortgage Facility contain events of default, including cross defaults to other material indebtedness, change of control events and other events of default customary for syndicated commercial credit facilities. Upon the future occurrence of an event of default, we could be required to immediately repay all outstanding amounts under the 2021 Credit Facilities and the 2019 Mortgage Facility. 
 After giving effect to the applicable restrictions on the payment of dividends under our debt agreements, as of December 31, 2023, we had approximately million of net income and retained earnings free of such restrictions. We were in compliance with all restrictive covenants as of December 31, 2023. 
 In addition, many of our facility leases are governed by a guarantee agreement between the landlord and us that contains financial and operating covenants. The financial covenants under the guarantee agreement are identical to those under the 2021 Credit Facilities and the 2019 Mortgage Facility with the exception of one additional financial covenant related to the ratio of EBITDAR to Rent (as defined in the guarantee agreement) with a required ratio of no less than to 1.00. As of December 31, 2023, the ratio was to 1.00. 
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 As of both December 31, 2023 and 2022, we had interest rate cap agreements designated as hedging instruments to limit our exposure to increases in one-month SOFR (as of December 31, 2023) or LIBOR (as of December 31, 2022) rates above certain levels. Under the terms of the interest rate cap agreements, interest rates reset monthly. The total unamortized premium amounts related to the outstanding interest rate caps were approximately million and million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and will be amortized into income as a reduction of interest expense, other, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations over the remaining term of the interest rate cap agreements. The fair value of the outstanding interest rate cap positions was a net asset of approximately million at December 31, 2023 and million at December 31, 2022, included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of such dates. Under the terms of these agreements, we will receive and pay interest based on the following: 
 Notional Amount Cap Rate (1) Receive Rate (1) (2) Start Date Maturing Date (In millions) one-month SOFR February 26, 2023 February 25, 2024 one-month SOFR October 26, 2023 October 26, 2024 one-month SOFR February 26, 2024 February 26, 2025 
 (1) Under these interest rate caps, payment from the counterparty will occur unless the stated receive rate exceeds the stated cap rate, in which case a net payment to us from the counterparty, based on the spread between the receive rate and the cap rate, will be recognized as a reduction of interest expense, other, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 (2) The One-month SOFR was approximately at December 31, 2023. 
 The interest rate caps have been designated and qualify as cash flow hedges and, as a result, changes in the fair value of these instruments are recorded in total other comprehensive income (loss) before taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive operations. There was million of incremental interest income (the excess of interest received over interest paid) related to the interest rate caps for 2023 and for 2022 and 2021. There are no amounts expected to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into results of operations during the next 12 months related to previously terminated interest rate swap financial instruments. 
 F-21 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

7.) ) ) State ) ) ) Total current ) ) ) Deferred ) Total provision for income taxes - benefit (expense) 
 ) ) ) 
 Effective state income tax rate Valuation allowance adjustments ) ) Uncertain tax positions ) Effect of goodwill impairment and indefinite lived intangible assets Non-deductible compensation Other ) ) Effective income tax rate 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of the temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for tax purposes. 
 State net operating loss carryforwards Basis difference in liabilities related to right-of-use assets Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Basis difference in property and equipment ) ) Basis difference in goodwill ) ) Basis difference in right-of-use assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax asset (liability) 
 Net long-term deferred tax asset balances were approximately million and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and are recorded in other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 We have approximately million in gross state net operating loss carryforwards that will expire between 2024 and 2043. Management reviews these carryforward positions, the time remaining until expiration and other opportunities to realize these carryforwards in making an assessment as to whether it is more likely than not that these carryforwards will be realized. 
 F-22 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million related to certain state net operating loss carryforward deferred tax assets as we determined that we would not be able to generate sufficient state taxable income in the related entities to realize the accumulated net operating loss carryforward balances. The increase from the prior year is primarily due to the additional amount needed for EchoPark net operating losses. 
 Sonic and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax of multiple state jurisdictions. Sonic s 2020 through 2023 U.S. federal income tax returns remain open to examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Sonic s and its subsidiaries state income tax returns remain open to examination by state taxing authorities for years ranging from 2019 to 2023. 
 
 8. 
 beneficial owner of Sonic, is a director and the Chief Executive Officer and President of Speedway Motorsports and a director and an officer of Sonic Financial Corporation SFC ), which is the largest stockholder of Sonic; B. Scott Smith, a director and a greater than beneficial owner of Sonic, is a co-owner, director and an officer of both Speedway Motorsports and SFC; Michael Hodge, a director of Sonic, is the Chief Financial Officer of Speedway Motorsports and SFC; and William R. Brooks, a director of Sonic, is Vice Chairman of Speedway Motorsports and a director and an officer at SFC. Total purchases from Oil-Chem by our dealerships were approximately million, million and million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We also engaged in other transactions with various Speedway Motorsports subsidiaries, consisting primarily of: (1) merchandise and apparel purchases from SMISC Holdings, LLC (d/b/a SMI Properties) SMISC for approximately million, million and million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and (2) vehicle sales to various Speedway Motorsports subsidiaries which were approximately 0.2 million , million and million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company entered into a Sponsorship Agreement between EchoPark Automotive, Inc., a subsidiary of Sonic EchoPark Automotive ), and SMISC pursuant to which EchoPark Automotive agreed to be an official sponsor of a NASCAR Cup Series race and related events scheduled to be held annually in Austin, Texas (the NASCAR Event ). In exchange for the right to sponsor the NASCAR Event, EchoPark Automotive paid an annual sponsor fee of million to SMISC in 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024. 
 We participate in various aircraft-related transactions with SFC, a privately held company controlled by David Bruton Smith, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Marcus G. Smith and B. Scott Smith, both directors of Sonic, and of which Michael Hodge and William R. Brooks, directors of Sonic, are officers. Such transactions include, but are not limited to, the use of aircraft owned by SFC for business-related travel by our executives, a management agreement with SFC for storage and maintenance of aircraft leased by us from unrelated third parties and the use of our aircraft for business-related travel by certain affiliates of SFC. We incurred net expenses of approximately million, million and million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for transactions with SFC. 
 
 9. 
 shares of blank check preferred stock authorized with such designations, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors has designated shares of preferred stock as Class A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Preferred Stock ), which is divided into shares of Series I Preferred Stock, shares of Series II Preferred Stock and shares of Series III Preferred Stock. There were shares of Preferred Stock issued or outstanding at December 31, 2023 or 2022. 
 Common Stock - We have classes of common stock. We have authorized shares of Class A Common Stock at a par value of per share. Class A Common Stock entitles its holder to vote per share. We have also authorized shares of Class B Common Stock at a par value of per share. Class B Common Stock entitles its holder to votes per share, except in certain circumstances. Each share of Class B Common Stock is convertible into share of Class A Common Stock either upon voluntary conversion at the option of the holder, or automatically upon the occurrence of certain events, as provided in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. The two classes of common stock share equally in dividends and in the event of liquidation. 
 F-23 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

billion to repurchase shares of our Class A Common Stock. As of December 31, 2023, we had repurchased a total of approximately million shares of Class A Common Stock at an average price per share of approximately . As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately million remaining under our Board s share repurchase authorization. Prior to January 1, 2023, we redeemed and retired shares of the Preferred Stock at an average price of per share. 
 Per Share Data - The calculation of diluted earnings per share considers the potential dilutive effect of restricted stock units, restricted stock awards and stock options granted under Sonic s stock compensation plans (and any non-forfeitable dividends paid on such awards), in addition to Class A Common Stock purchase warrants, if applicable. 
 
 10. 
 million, million and million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Stock Compensation Plans 
 We currently have active stock compensation plans: the Sonic Automotive, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2012 Plan and the Sonic Automotive, Inc. 2012 Formula Restricted Stock and Deferral Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the 2012 Formula Plan ). Collectively, these plans are referred to as the Stock Plans. During the second quarter of 2012, our stockholders voted to approve the 2012 Plan and the 2012 Formula Plan, with authorization for issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock and shares of Class A Common Stock, respectively. During the second quarter of 2015, our stockholders voted to increase the number of shares of Class A Common Stock authorized for issuance under the 2012 Plan from shares to shares. During the second quarter of 2017, our stockholders voted to increase the number of shares of Class A Common Stock authorized for issuance under the 2012 Formula Plan from shares to shares. During the second quarter of 2019, our stockholders voted to increase the number of shares of Class A Common Stock authorized for issuance under the 2012 Plan from shares to shares. During the second quarter of 2021, our stockholders voted to increase the number of shares of Class A Common Stock authorized for issuance under the 2012 Plan from shares to shares. During the second quarter of 2023, our stockholders voted to increase the number of shares of Class A Common Stock authorized for issuance under the 2012 Formula Plan from shares to shares. 
 The Stock Plans were adopted by our Board of Directors in order to attract and retain key personnel. Under the 2012 Plan, options to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock may be granted to key employees of Sonic and its subsidiaries and to officers, directors, consultants and other individuals providing services to us. The options are granted at the fair market value of our Class A Common Stock at the date of grant, typically vest over a period of , are exercisable upon vesting and typically expire years from the date of grant. The 2012 Plan also authorizes the issuance of restricted stock awards and restricted stock units. Restricted stock award and restricted stock unit grants under the 2012 Plan typically vest over a period ranging from one to , but may be longer in certain cases. The 2012 Formula Plan provides for grants of restricted stock awards or deferred restricted stock units to non-employee directors and restrictions on those shares expire on the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the day before the next annual meeting of our stockholders, except to the extent that such grant is considered an interim grant for a newly elected non-employee director, in which case, restrictions on those shares expire on the first anniversary of the grant date. Individuals holding non-vested restricted stock awards granted under the 2012 Plan and the 2012 Formula Plan have voting rights and certain grants may receive dividends on non-vested shares. Individuals holding restricted stock units or options granted under the 2012 Plan do not have voting or dividend rights. We issue new shares of Class A Common Stock to employees and directors to satisfy our option exercise and stock grant obligations. To offset the effects of these transactions, we have historically repurchased shares of our outstanding Class A Common Stock after considering cash flow, market conditions and other factors; however, there is no guarantee that this will occur in future periods. 
 F-24 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- Exercised ) - Balance at December 31, 2023 - Exercisable - 
 Intrinsic value of stock options exercised 
 
 Granted Forfeited Vested ) Balance at December 31, 2023 
 During 2023, approximately restricted stock units were awarded to our executive officers and other key associates under the 2012 Plan. Awards vest over . The majority of the restricted stock units awarded to executive officers and other key associates are subject to forfeiture, in whole or in part, based upon continuation of employment and compliance with any restrictive covenants contained in an agreement between us and the respective executive officer or other key associate. Also in 2023, approximately restricted stock units were granted to our Board of Directors pursuant to the 2012 Formula Plan and vest on the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the day before the next annual meeting of our stockholders, except to the extent that such grant is considered an interim grant for a newly elected non-employee director, in which case, restrictions on those shares vest on the first anniversary of the grant date. We recognized compensation expense within selling, general and administrative expenses related to stock options, restricted stock units and restricted stock awards of approximately million, million and million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Tax benefits recognized related to restricted stock unit and restricted stock award compensation expense were approximately million, million and million for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total compensation cost related to non-vested restricted stock units and restricted stock awards not yet recognized at December 31, 2023 was approximately million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 On December 7, 2009, the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors approved and adopted the Sonic Automotive, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the SERP to be effective as of January 1, 2010. The SERP is a non-qualified deferred compensation plan that is unfunded for federal tax purposes. The SERP includes active or former members of senior management at December 31, 2023. The purpose of the SERP is to attract and retain key members of management by providing a retirement benefit in addition to the benefits provided by our tax-qualified and other non-qualified deferred compensation plans. 
 F-25 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Obligation at December 31 (1) Accumulated benefit obligation 
 (1) As of December 31, 2023, approximately million was included in other accrued liabilities and approximately million was included in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of such date. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million was included in other accrued liabilities and approximately million was included in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of such date. 
 Actual return on plan assets Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Plan assets at December 31 Funded status recognized ) ) 
 Interest cost Amortization of gain (loss) ) Net pension expense (benefit) 
 F-26 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Rate of compensation increase 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 - 2033 
 Multiemployer Benefit Plan 
 of our dealership subsidiaries in northern California currently make fixed-dollar contributions to the Automotive Industries Pension Plan (the AI Pension Plan pursuant to collective bargaining agreements between our subsidiaries and the International Association of Machinists (the IAM )). The AI Pension Plan is a multiemployer plan as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. of our dealership subsidiaries actively contribute to the AI Pension Plan pursuant to collective bargaining agreements with the IAM. These subsidiaries employ approximately individuals, which constitutes less than of our total workforce. The risks of participating in this multiemployer pension plan are different from single-employer plans in the following aspects: 
 assets contributed to the multiemployer pension plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers; 
 if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers; and 
 if we choose to stop participating in the multiemployer pension plan, we may be required to pay the plan an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. 
 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 and increased from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2023, affecting the period-to-period comparability of the contributions for 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-27 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

94-1133245 RP Implemented 
 Our participating dealership subsidiaries were not listed in the AI Pension Plan s Form 5500 as providing more than of the total contributions for the plan years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. In June 2006, we received information that the AI Pension Plan was substantially underfunded as of December 31, 2005. In July 2007, we received updated information that the AI Pension Plan continued to be substantially underfunded as of December 31, 2006, with the amount of such underfunding increasing versus year end 2005. In March 2008, the Board of Trustees of the AI Pension Plan notified participants, participating employers and local unions that the AI Pension Plan s actuary, in accordance with the requirements of the PPA, had issued a certification that the AI Pension Plan was in Critical Status effective with the plan year commencing January 1, 2008. In conjunction with the AI Pension Plan s Critical Status, the Board of Trustees of the AI Pension Plan adopted a RP that implemented reductions or eliminations of certain adjustable benefits that were previously available under the AI Pension Plan (including some forms of early retirement benefits, and disability and death benefits, among other items), and also implemented a requirement on all participating employers to increase employer contributions to the AI Pension Plan for a seven-year period which commenced in 2013. As of April 2015, the AI Pension Plan s actuary certified that the AI Pension Plan remained in Critical Status for the plan year commencing January 1, 2015. According to publicly available information, in September 2016, the AI Pension Plan made a formal application for approval of suspension of benefits with the U.S. Treasury Department, which, if approved by the U.S. Treasury Department, would have implemented a benefit reduction effective July 1, 2017 for participants in the AI Pension Plan. The filing included an Actuarial Certification of Plan Status as of January 1, 2016 that the AI Pension Plan previously filed with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service on March 30, 2016, which reported that the AI Pension Plan was in critical and declining status as of January 1, 2016 and further notified that the AI Pension Plan is making the scheduled progress in meeting the requirements of the plan s previously adopted RP. The September 2016 filing with the U.S. Treasury Department also included an Actuarial Certification of Plan Solvency as of July 1, 2016 with the actuarial firm s projection that the proposed suspensions of benefits are reasonably estimated to enable the AI Pension Plan to avoid insolvency assuming the proposed suspensions of benefits continue indefinitely. In May 2017, the U.S. Treasury Department denied the application to suspend benefits but noted that it remains willing to discuss the issues presented in the September 2016 formal application for suspension of benefits. As of April 2023, the AI Pension Plan s actuary certified that the AI Pension Plan remained in Critical Status for the plan year commencing January 1, 2023, with the projected pension liability underfunded by approximately billion and projected to become insolvent in the 2032 plan year. In July 2023, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (the PBGC approved an application by the AI Pension Plan for special financial assistance in the amount of approximately billion to address the underfunded status of the plan. 

11. 
 F-28 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Interest rate caps designated as hedges (2) Total assets 
 (1) Included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 was included in other current assets in the accompanying audited condensed balance sheets. 
 In conjunction with the approximately million charge recorded during the second quarter of 2023 and the subsequent million charge recorded in the third quarter of 2023 related to our decisions to indefinitely suspend operations at certain EchoPark locations and to close certain Northwest Motorsport stores discussed above, Sonic was required to adjust certain real estate assets to fair value on a non-recurring basis. After million of adjustments during the second quarter of 2023, the recorded balances were million at June 30, 2023. The book value of such assets may be reevaluated as changes in circumstances require. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2023, we recorded million of impairment charges, of which, million was related to right-of-use assets and million was related to fixed assets. 
 F-29 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

) Franchise rights and other (1) ) 
 (1) See Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Assets. 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the fair values of Sonic's financial instruments, including receivables, notes receivable from finance contracts, notes payable - floor plan, trade accounts payable, borrowings under the revolving credit facilities and certain mortgage notes, approximated their carrying values due either to length of maturity or existence of variable interest rates that approximate prevailing market rates. 
 4.625 Notes (1) Mortgage Notes (2) 
 (1) As determined by market quotations as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively (Level 2). 
 (2) As determined by the DCF method (Level 2). 
 
 12. 
 million as of December 31, 2023 and there was not any material exposure with respect to these indemnifications as of December 31, 2022. These indemnifications typically expire within a period of one to following the date of sale. The estimated fair value of these indemnifications was not material and the amount recorded for this contingency was not significant at December 31, 2023. 
 We also guarantee the floor plan commitments of our -owned joint venture, and the amount of such guarantee was approximately million at December 31, 2023. 
 F-30 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

13.) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (1) Amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (2) ) Amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (3) ) Amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (4) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) 
 (1) Net of tax expense of million related to gains on cash flow hedges and tax expense of million related to the defined benefit pension plan. 
 (2) Net of tax benefit of million related to losses on cash flow hedges and tax expense of million related to the defined benefit pension plan. 
 (3) Net of tax expense of million related to losses on cash flow hedges and tax expense or benefit related to the defined benefit pension plan. 
 (4) Net of tax benefit of million related to gains on cash flow hedges. 
 
 See the heading Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities in Note 6, Long-Term Debt, for further discussion of our cash flow hedges. For further discussion of our defined benefit pension plan, see Note 10, Employee Benefit Plans. 
 
 14. 
 operating segments: (1) the Franchised Dealerships Segment; (2) the EchoPark Segment; and (3) the Powersports Segment. Refer to Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for additional discussion of our operating segments. Sonic has determined that its operating segments also represent its reportable segments. 
 F-31 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Fleet new vehicles Total new vehicles Used vehicles Wholesale vehicles Parts, service and collision repair Finance, insurance and other, net Franchised Dealerships Segment revenues EchoPark Segment Revenues: Retail new vehicles Used vehicles Wholesale vehicles Finance, insurance and other, net EchoPark Segment revenues Powersports Segment Revenues: Retail new vehicles Used vehicles Wholesale vehicles Parts, service and collision repair Finance, insurance and other, net Powersports Segment revenues Total consolidated revenues 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Segment Income (Loss) (1): (In millions) Franchised Dealerships Segment (2) EchoPark Segment (3) ) ) ) Powersports Segment Total segment income (loss) Impairment charges (4) ) ) ) Income (loss) before taxes 
 
 (1) Segment income (loss) for each segment is defined as income (loss) before taxes and impairment charges. 
 F-32 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million of pre-tax gain net gain on the disposal of franchised dealerships, partially offset by a million pre-tax net loss related to property damage. For the year ended December 31, 2022, amount includes approximately million of pre-tax net gain on disposal of property, plant, and equipment, partially offset by an approximately million pre-tax charge for long-term compensation expense. For the year ended December 31, 2021, amount includes approximately million of pre-tax net loss on the extinguishment of debt, and approximately million of pre-tax net gain on the disposal of franchised dealerships. 
 (3) For the year ended December 31, 2023, amount includes approximately million of pre-tax net loss primarily related to the indefinite suspension of operations at certain EchoPark locations that occurred in the second and third quarter of 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2021, amount includes approximately million of long-term compensation-related expenses. 
 (4) For the year ended December 31, 2023, amount includes approximately million of pre-tax property and equipment impairment charges for the Franchised Dealerships Segment and million of pre-tax impairment charges related to property and equipment, lease right-of-use assets, and other assets for the EchoPark Segment. For the year ended December 31, 2022, amount includes approximately million of pre-tax franchise asset and property and equipment impairment charges for the Franchised Dealerships Segment and million of pre-tax goodwill and franchise asset impairment charges for the EchoPark Segment. For the year ended December 31, 2021, amount includes approximately million of pre-tax property and equipment impairment charges for the EchoPark Segment. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (In millions) Impairment charges: Franchised Dealerships Segment EchoPark Segment Powersports Segment Total impairment charges 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (In millions) Depreciation and amortization: Franchised Dealerships Segment EchoPark Segment Powersports Segment Total depreciation and amortization 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (In millions) Floor plan interest expense: Franchised Dealerships Segment EchoPark Segment Powersports Segment Total floor plan interest expense 
 
 F-33 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

EchoPark Segment Powersports Segment Total interest expense, other, net 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (In millions) Capital expenditures: Franchised Dealerships Segment EchoPark Segment Powersports Segment Total capital expenditures 
 December 31, 2023 2022 (In millions) Assets: Franchised Dealerships Segment EchoPark Segment Powersports Segment Corporate and other: Cash and cash equivalents Total assets 
 
 F-34 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F-35 

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease expense (1) Short-term lease expense Variable lease expense Sublease income ) ) Total 
 (1) Included in operating cash flows in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Other Information (In millions) Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Financing cash flows for finance leases Operating cash flows for finance leases Operating cash flows for operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Finance leases Operating leases (1) 
 (1) Includes the impact of reclassification of ROU assets from operating leases to finance leases due to remeasurement. 
 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 Other Information Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) Finance leases Operating leases Weighted-average discount rate Finance leases Operating leases 
 Undiscounted Lease Cash Flows Under ASC Topic 842 as of December 31, 2023 Finance Leases Operating Leases Receipts from Subleases Year Ending December 31, (In millions) 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Less: Present value discount ) ) Lease liabilities 
 F-36 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 exhibit41.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 
 Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OF 
 SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 The authorized capital stock of Sonic Automotive, Inc. Sonic, we, us or our consists of (i) 100,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share (ii) 30,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share and (iii) 3,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value 0.10 per share. Our Class A Common Stock is the only class of our securities which has been registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 We have summarized certain of the material provisions of our Class A Common Stock below. The following summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the applicable provisions of Delaware law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Amended and Restated Bylaws ). 
 Common Stock 
 Voting Rights Conversion of Class B Common Stock to Class A Common Stock 
 The voting powers, preferences and relative rights of the Class A Common Stock are subject to the following provisions. Holders of Class A Common Stock have one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of Sonic, while holders of Class B Common Stock have 10 votes per share on all such matters, except as described below. Holders of all classes of common stock entitled to vote will vote together as a single class on all matters presented to the stockholders for their vote or approval, except as otherwise required by Delaware law. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors. 
 Each share of Class B Common Stock may be converted, at the option of the holder thereof, into one fully paid and non-assessable share of Class A Common Stock. In the event any shares of Class B Common Stock held by a member of the Smith Group (as defined below) are transferred outside of the Smith Group, such shares will automatically be converted into shares of Class A Common Stock. In addition, if the total number of shares of common stock held by members of the Smith Group is less than 15 of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding, all of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock automatically will be reclassified as Class A Common Stock. In any merger, consolidation or business combination, the consideration to be received per share by holders of Class A Common Stock must be identical to that received by holders of Class B Common Stock, except that in any such transaction in which shares of common stock are distributed, such shares may differ as to voting rights to the extent that voting rights differ between our classes of common stock. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock vote as a single class, with each share of each class entitled to one vote per share, with respect to any transaction proposed or approved by Sonic s Board of Directors or proposed by or on behalf of holders of the Class B Common Stock or as to which any member of the Smith Group or any affiliate thereof has a material financial interest other than as a then-existing stockholder of Sonic constituting a 
 going private transaction 
 sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of Sonic s assets 
 sale or transfer of assets that would cause the nature of Sonic s business to be no longer primarily oriented toward automobile dealership operations and related activities or 
 merger or consolidation of Sonic in which the holders of Sonic s common stock will own less than 50 of Sonic s common stock following such transaction. 

A going private transaction is defined as any Rule l3e-3 transaction, as such term is defined in Rule l3e-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. An affiliate is defined as (i) any individual or entity who or that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with any member of the Smith Group (ii) any corporation or organization (other than Sonic or a majority-owned subsidiary of Sonic) of which any member of the Smith Group is an officer or partner or is, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner of 10 or more of any class of voting securities, or in which any member of the Smith Group has a substantial beneficial interest (iii) a voting trust or similar arrangement pursuant to which any member of the Smith Group generally controls the vote of the shares of common stock held by or subject to such trust or arrangement (iv) any other trust or estate in which any member of the Smith Group has a substantial beneficial interest or as to which any member of the Smith Group serves as trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity or (v) any relative or spouse of any member of the Smith Group or any relative of such spouse, who has the same residence as any member of the Smith Group. 
 As used herein, the term the Smith Group consists of the following persons 
 Mr. O. Bruton Smith and his guardian, conservator, committee or attorney-in-fact 
 Mr. William S. Egan and his guardian, conservator, committee or attorney-in-fact 
 each lineal descendant of Messrs. Smith and Egan (each, a Descendant and their respective guardians, conservators, committees or attorneys-in-fact and 
 each Family Controlled Entity (as defined below). 
 The term Family Controlled Entity means (i) any not-for-profit corporation if at least 80 of its board of directors is composed of Mr. Smith, Mr. Egan and or Descendants (ii) any other corporation if at least 80 of the value of its outstanding equity is owned by members of the Smith Group (iii) any partnership if at least 80 of the value of the partnership interests are owned by members of the Smith Group (iv) any limited liability or similar company if at least 80 of the value of the company is owned by members of the Smith Group and (v) any trust if (A) at least 80 of the current beneficiaries of the trust are members of the Smith Group or (B) members of the Smith Group have sole dispositive power and sole voting power with respect to at least 80 of the shares of the Class B Common Stock held by the trust. 
 Under the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Delaware law, the holders of each class of our common stock, including the Class A Common Stock, are entitled to vote as a separate class, as applicable, with respect to any amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that would increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of such class, increase or decrease the par value of the shares of such class, or modify or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the shares of such class so as to affect such class adversely. 
 Dividends 
 Holders of the Class A Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as are declared by our Board of Directors out of funds legally available for that purpose. An additional requirement is that dividends paid in shares of Class A Common Stock shall be paid only to holders of Class A Common Stock, and dividends paid in shares of Class B Common Stock shall be paid only to holders of Class B Common Stock. The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that if there is any dividend, subdivision, combination or reclassification in respect of either class of common stock, an identical dividend, subdivision, combination or reclassification in respect of the other class of common stock must be made at the same time. 

2 

Other Rights 
 Stockholders of Sonic have no preemptive or other rights to subscribe for additional shares. In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Sonic, holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets available for distribution to holders of common stock after payment in full of creditors. No shares of any class of common stock are subject to a redemption or a sinking fund. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law, the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 Certain provisions of Delaware law and of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Amended and Restated Bylaws, summarized in the following paragraphs, may be considered to have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent a tender offer, proxy contest or other takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider to be in such stockholder s best interest, including such an attempt as might result in payment of a premium over the market price for shares held by stockholders. 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Law. Sonic is subject to the applicable provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, including Section 203. In general, Section 203 prohibits a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination and certain other transactions with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which such person became an interested stockholder unless (i) prior to such date, the board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder or (ii) upon becoming an interested stockholder, the stockholder then owned at least 85 of the voting stock, as defined in Section 203 or (iii) subsequent to such date, the business combination is approved by both the board of directors and holders of at least 66 2 3 of the corporation s outstanding voting stock, excluding shares owned by the interested stockholder. For these purposes, the term business combination includes mergers, asset sales and other similar transactions with an interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns (or, within the prior three years, did own) 15 or more of the corporation s voting stock. Although Section 203 permits a corporation to elect not to be governed by its provisions, Sonic has not made this election. 
 Special Meetings of Stockholders. The Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called only by the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary (i) at the request of the Chairman, (ii) at the request in writing of a majority of Sonic s directors or (iii) by the written request of holders of more than 80 of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Sonic then entitled to vote. 
 Action by Written Consent. The Amended and Restated Bylaws also provide that no action required to be taken or that may be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting, and that the power of stockholders to consent in writing, without a meeting, to the taking of any action is specifically denied. 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations. The Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before an annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice thereof in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice must be delivered to, or mailed and received at, the principal executive office of Sonic, (i) in the case of an annual meeting of stockholders that is called for a date that is within 30 days before or 60 days after the first anniversary of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders, not later than the close of business on the 90 th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120 th day prior to such anniversary date, (ii) in the case of an annual meeting of stockholders that is called for a date that is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after the first anniversary of the immediately 
 
 3 

preceding annual meeting of stockholders, not earlier than the close of business on the 120 th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90 th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10 th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by Sonic and (iii) in the case of a special meeting of stockholders that is called for the purpose of electing directors, not later than the close of business on the 10 th day following the day on which notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the meeting was made, whichever occurs first. The Amended and Restated Bylaws also specify certain requirements for a stockholder s notice to be in proper written form. These provisions may preclude some stockholders from bringing matters before the stockholders at an annual or special meeting or from making nominations for directors at an annual or special meeting. 
 Conflict of Interest Procedures. The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions providing that transactions between Sonic and its affiliates must be no less favorable to Sonic than would be available to Sonic in arm s-length transactions dealing with an unrelated third party. Moreover, any such transaction involving aggregate payments in excess of 500,000 must be approved by a majority of Sonic s directors and a majority of Sonic s independent directors. Otherwise, Sonic must obtain an opinion as to the financial fairness of the transaction to be issued by an investment banking or appraisal firm of national standing. 
 Limitations of Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 
 Delaware law authorizes corporations to limit or eliminate the personal liability of directors and officers to corporations and their stockholders for monetary damages for breach of the directors and officers fiduciary duty of care. The duty of care requires that, when acting on behalf of the corporation, directors and officers must exercise an informed business judgment based on all material information reasonably available to them. Absent the limitations authorized by Delaware law, directors and officers are accountable to corporations and their stockholders for monetary damages for conduct constituting gross negligence in the exercise of their duty of care. Delaware law enables corporations to limit available relief to equitable remedies such as injunction or rescission. 
 The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation limits the liability of our directors and officers to us and our stockholders to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Specifically, our directors and officers will not be personally liable for monetary damages for breach of a director s or officer s fiduciary duty in such capacity, except for liability of 
 a director or officer for any breach of such director s or officer s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders 
 a director or officer for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law 
 a director for unlawful payment of dividends or purchase or redemption of shares, as provided in Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware 
 a director or officer for any transaction from which such director or officer derived an improper personal benefit or 
 an officer in any action by or in the right of us. 
 The Amended and Restated Bylaws provide indemnification to our directors and officers and certain other persons with respect to certain matters to the maximum extent allowed by Delaware law as it exists now or may hereafter be amended. These provisions do not alter the liability of directors and officers under federal securities laws and do not affect the right to sue (nor to recover monetary damages) under federal securities laws for violations thereof. 
 
 4 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling Sonic pursuant to the foregoing provisions, Sonic has been informed that in the opinion of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 
 Exclusive Forum for Certain Claims 
 The Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that, unless Sonic s Board of Directors otherwise consents in writing, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for claims for 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of Sonic (other than derivative actions brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) 
 any action asserting a claim of a breach of, or based on, a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of Sonic to Sonic or Sonic s stockholders 
 any action asserting a claim against Sonic or any current or former director, officer or other employee or stockholder of Sonic arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Amended and Restated Bylaws or 
 any action asserting a claim against Sonic governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware. 
 The Amended and Restated Bylaws also provide that, unless Sonic s Board of Directors otherwise consents in writing, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the United States District Court for the District of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any ancillary claim related thereto that is subject to the ancillary jurisdiction of the federal courts. The enforceability of exclusive forum provisions in other companies organizational documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find the exclusive forum provision contained in the Amended and Restated Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable. 
 
 5 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit211123123subsidiari.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 ENTITY Domestic Foreign ASSUMED NAME AnTrev, LLC NC Arngar, Inc. NC Cadillac of South Charlotte Autobahn, Inc. CA Autobahn Motors Avalon Ford, Inc. DE CA Car Cash of North Carolina, Inc. NC Cornerstone Acceptance Corporation FL NC OH TN TX EP AM Realty GA, LLC GA EP EchoPark AL, LLC AL EP EchoPark Automotive, Inc. DE AL AZ CA CO FL GA ID IL KS KY LA MD MO MT NC NV NY OH OK PA SC TN TX UT VA WA EchoPark EP EchoPark AZ, LLC AZ EchoPark EP EchoPark CA, LLC CA EchoPark EchoPark Automotive EP EchoPark DE, LLC DE EP EchoPark Driver Education, LLC CO EP EchoPark FL, LLC FL EchoPark EchoPark Automotive EP EchoPark GA LLC fka AM GA, LLC GA EchoPark EP EchoPark IL, LLC IL EP EchoPark KS, LLC KS EP EchoPark KY, LLC KY EchoPark EchoPark Auto Sales EP EchoPark LA, LLC LA EchoPark EP EchoPark MD, LLC MD EchoPark Carbiz EP EchoPark MO, LLC MO EP EchoPark NC, LLC NC EchoPark EP EchoPark NV, LLC NV EchoPark EP EchoPark NY, LLC NY EchoPark Used Car King Used Car King Cicero Used Car King West Used Car King Cortland EP EchoPark OH, LLC OH EP EchoPark OK, LLC OK EchoPark EchoPark Automotive EP EchoPark PA, LLC PA EP EchoPark Realty CA, LLC CA EP EchoPark Realty NY, LLC NY EP EchoPark Realty TX, LLC TX EP EchoPark SC, LLC SC EP EchoPark TN, LLC TN EchoPark EP EchoPark TX, LLC TX EchoPark Tactical Fleet eCarOne voffer 

Exhibit 21.1 

 ENTITY Domestic Foreign ASSUMED NAME DealEvo EP EchoPark UT, LLC UT EchoPark Utah EP EP Realty AL, LLC AL EP EP HD Temple TX, LLC TX Horny Toad Harley-Davidson EP EP Realty AL, LLC AZ EP EP Realty AZ, LLC KS EP EP Realty IL, LLC IL EP EP Realty KS, LLC KS EP EP Realty KY, LLC KY EP EP Realty LA, LLC LA EP EP Realty MD, LLC MD EP EP Realty MO, LLC MO EP EP Realty NC, LLC NC EP EP Realty NV, LLC NV EP EP Realty OH, LLC OH EP EP Realty PA, LLC PA EP EP Realty SC, LLC SC EP EP Realty TN, LLC TN EP EP Realty WA, LLC WA EP EP SO H Cent TX, LLC TX Livewire Central Mancuso Harley-Davidson Central EP EP SO H Cross TX, LLC TX Mancuso Harley-Davidson Crossroads MRH Rider Training Mancuso Harley-Davidson American Speed EP EP SO Mancu GF TX, LLC TX Team Mancuso PowerSports Gulf Freeway Indian Motorcycle of Houston Gulf Freeway EP EP SO Mancu La Marque TX, LLC TX Team Mancuso PowerSports South Indian Motorcycle of Houston South EP EP SO Mancu NF TX, LLC TX Team Mancuso PowerSports North EP EP SO Mancu SW59 TX, LLC TX Team Mancuso PowerSports 59 Indian Motorcycle of Houston Southwest EP EP SO Mancu SWF TX, LLC TX Team Mancuso PowerSports Southwest Team Mancuso PowerSports BMW Motorcycles EP EP SO MC CLT NC, LLC NC EP EP SO MC GBO NC, LLC NC EP EP SO MC Realty NC, LLC NC EP EP SO Sturgis SD LLC SD Sturgis Motorcycles Sturgis Motorcycles, Inc. Badlands Harley-Davidson Hill City Harley-Davidson Deadwood Harley-Davidson Sturgis Harley-Davidson Black Hills Harley-Davidson EP EP Strategic Holding, LLC DE 

Exhibit 21.1 

 ENTITY Domestic Foreign ASSUMED NAME EP EP TF California, LLC CA Tactical Fleet EP EP TF North Carolina, LLC NC Tactical Fleet EP TF Realty SD, LLC SD EP EP TF Realty TX, LLC TX EP EP TF Texas, LLC TX Tactical Fleet EP SAI Momentum ARM, LLC TX Momentum Maserati Momentum Alfa Romeo Momentum Alfa Romeo Maserati Essence Maserati Essence Alfa Romeo Essence Maserati Alfa Romeo Momentum Alfa Romeo Maserati eCarOne EP TT Denver, LLC CO EchoPark EP TTRE CO 1, LLC CO Car Cash of North Carolina, Inc. NC FAA Beverly Hills, Inc. CA Beverly Hills BMW FAA Capitol N, Inc. CA FAA Concord H, Inc. CA Concord Honda FAA Concord T, Inc. CA Concord Toyota FAA Dublin N, Inc. CA FAA Dublin VWD, Inc. CA FAA Holding LLC CA FAA Las Vegas H, Inc. NV Honda West FAA Poway H, Inc. CA Poway Honda FAA Poway T, Inc. CA FAA San Bruno, Inc. CA FAA Santa Monica V, Inc. CA FAA Serramonte H, Inc. CA Honda of Serramonte FAA Serramonte L, Inc. CA Lexus of Marin Lexus of Serramonte FAA Serramonte, Inc. CA FAA Stevens Creek, Inc. CA FAA Torrance CPJ, Inc. CA FirstAmerica Automotive, LLC DE CA Fort Mill Ford, Inc. SC Fort Mill Ford Franciscan Motors, Inc. CA Frontier Oldsmobile-Cadillac, Inc. NC Kramer Motors Incorporated CA L Dealership Group, LLC TX CA Marcus David Corporation NC Town and Country Toyota Massey Cadillac, Inc. (TN-MI) TN Mountain States Motors Co., Inc. CO North Point Imports, LLC GA North Point Volvo Cars 
 Ontario L, LLC CA Crown Lexus Philpott Motors, LLC TX Philpott Motors Hyundai Philpott Ford RFJ Bonham CHR, LLC TX Bonham Chrysler 

Exhibit 21.1 

 ENTITY Domestic Foreign ASSUMED NAME RFJ Dave Smith Motors, Inc. ID Dave Smith Motors Dave Smith Chevrolet, Cadillac, GMC, Buick, Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Ram RFJ Frontier Leasing and Sales, Inc. ID Dave Smith Alfa Romeo, Dave Smith Alfa Romeo Maserati, Dave Smith Maserati RFJ Greenville CHR, LLC TX Greenville Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Ram Greenville Chrysler Cash Corral RFJ Greenville HY, LLC TX Hyundai of Greenville RFJ Greenville NIS, LLC TX Nissan of Greenville RFJ Jefferson City H, LLC DE MO Honda of Jefferson City RFJ Jefferson City HY, LLC DE MO Hyundai of Jefferson City RFJ Jefferson City N, LLC DE MO Nissan of Jefferson City RFJ Mishawaka F LLC IN Jordan Ford Jordan Motors The Jordan Automotive Group RFJ Mishawaka L LLC IN Jordan Lexus of Mishawaka RFJ Mishawaka T LLC IN Jordan Toyota The Jordan Automotive Group RFJ Northwest Motorsport, LLC WA Northwest Motorsport RFJ Paris-T, LLC TX Toyota of Mount Pleasant Toyota of Paris RFJ RFJ Auto Group, LLC DE TX WA RFJ RFJ Auto Management, LLC DE RFJ RFJ Auto Partners H-Holdings, LLC DE RFJ RFJ Auto Partners Holdings, LLC DE TX RFJ RFJ Auto Partners Northern Holdings, LLC DE RFJ RFJ Auto Partners T-Holdings, LLC DE IN RFJ RFJ Auto Properties, LLC DE RFJ RFJ Auto T-Properties, LLC DE RFJ RFJ Fenton Auto Properties, LLC DE RFJ RFJ Spokane Auto Properties, LLC DE SAI RFJ Holding, Inc. DE RFJ Santa Fe-M, LLC NM Enchanted Mazda RFJ Santa Fe-T, LLC NM Toyota of Santa Fe RFJ Sherman HY, LLC TX Texoma Hyundai RFJ Spokane-N, LLC DE WA Dave Smith Nissan, Nissan of Spokane RFJ Vernon CHR, LLC TX Vernon Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram RFJ Vernon FL, LLC TX Vernon Ford RFJ Vernon-G, LLC TX Vernon Chevrolet Buick GMC Santa Clara Imported Cars, Inc. CA Honda of Stevens Creek SRM Assurance, Ltd. Cayman Is. Stevens Creek Cadillac, Inc. CA The Sonic Automotive Family Emergency Fund SAFE NC Town and Country Ford, Incorporated NC Windward, Inc. HI CA 

Exhibit 21.1 

 ENTITY Domestic Foreign ASSUMED NAME SAI AL HC1, Inc. AL SAI AL HC2, Inc. AL SAI Ann Arbor Imports, LLC MI SAI Atlanta B, LLC GA Global Imports (BMW) Global Imports MINI SAI Brookshire HY, Inc. TX SAI Broken Arrow C, LLC OK SAI Calabasas A, LLC CA SAI Chamblee V, LLC GA Dyer and Dyer Volvo Cars Polestar Atlanta SAI Charlotte M, LLC NC SAI Chattanooga N, LLC TN Nissan of Chattanooga East SAI Clearwater T, LLC FL Clearwater Toyota SAI Cleveland N, LLC TN SAI Columbus Motors, LLC OH SAI Columbus T, LLC OH SAI Columbus VWK, LLC OH SAI Denver B, Inc. CO Bodyworks Murray Motorworks BMW of Denver Downtown SAI Denver M, Inc. CO Mercedes-Benz of Denver SAI Fairfax B, LLC VA BMW of Fairfax SAI Fallston VW, LLC MD Volkswagen of Fallston SAI FL HC1, Inc. FL SAI FL HC2, Inc. FL SAI FL HC3, Inc. FL SAI FL HC4, Inc. FL SAI FL HC8, Inc. FL SAI FL HC9, Inc. FL SAI Fort Myers B, LLC FL BMW of Fort Myers MINI of Fort Myers SAI Fort Myers H, LLC FL SAI Fort Myers M, LLC FL Mercedes-Benz of Fort Myers SAI Fort Myers VW, LLC FL Volkswagen of Fort Myers SAI GA HC1, LLC GA OK SAI Glenwood Springs A, Inc. CO Audi Volkswagen Glenwood Springs Audi Glenwood Springs SAI Glenwood Springs V, Inc. CO Glenwood Springs Volkswagen SAI Grand Junction S, Inc. CO Subaru of Grand Junction Rocky Mountain Subaru SAI Grand Junction VW, Inc. CO Grand Junction Volkswagen SAI Insurance Solutions, LLC DE CA CO FL IL IN KY LA MO MT NC NM OH SC TX UT VA WA SAI Irondale Imports, LLC AL Audi Birmingham BMW of Birmingham 

Exhibit 21.1 

 ENTITY Domestic Foreign ASSUMED NAME Jaguar Birmingham Land Rover Birmingham MINI of Birmingham Porsche Birmingham MINI of Birmingham Authorized Service SAI Irondale L, LLC AL Lexus of Birmingham Tom Williams Collision Center SAI Long Beach B, Inc. CA Long Beach BMW SAI McKinney M, LLC TX Mercedes-Benz of McKinney SAI MD HC1, Inc. MD SAI Momentum CDJR Sealy, LLC TX Momentum Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram of Sealy, TX SAI Monrovia B, Inc. CA BMW of Monrovia MINI of Monrovia SAI Montgomery B, LLC AL BMW of Montgomery SAI Montgomery BCH, LLC AL Classic Cadillac Classic Buick GMC SAI Montgomery CH, LLC AL Capitol Chevrolet Capitol Hyundai Genesis of Montgomery SAI Nashville CSH, LLC TN SAI Nashville H, LLC TN Crest Honda SAI Nashville M, LLC TN Mercedes-Benz of Nashville SAI Nashville Motors, LLC TN Audi Nashville Porsche of Nashville Audi Downtown Nashville SAI Oklahoma City C, LLC OK SAI Oklahoma City H, LLC OK SAI Oklahoma City T, LLC OK SAI Orlando CS, LLC FL Massey Cadillac SAI Owings Mills A, LLC MD SAI Peachtree, LLC GA SAI Pensacola A, LLC FL Audi Pensacola SAI Philpott T, LLC TX Philpott Toyota SAI River Oaks P, LLC TX Porsche River Oaks Momentum Porsche The Podium SAI Riverside C, LLC OK SAI Roaring Fork LR, Inc. CO Land Rover Roaring Fork SAI Rockville Imports, LLC MD Audi Rockville Porsche Bethesda SAI Rockville L, LLC MD SAI S. Atlanta JLR, LLC GA Jaguar South Atlanta Land Rover South Atlanta Jaguar Land Rover South Atlanta SAI Santa Clara K, Inc. CA SAI SIC, Inc. GA 

Exhibit 21.1 

 ENTITY Domestic Foreign ASSUMED NAME SAI Stone Mountain T, LLC GA SAI Syracuse C, Inc. NY Sun Chevrolet SAI TN HC1, LLC TN SAI TN HC2, LLC TN SAI TN HC3, LLC TN SAI Tulsa N, LLC OK SAI Tulsa T, LLC OK SAI Tysons Corner H, LLC VA SAI Tysons Corner I, LLC VA SAI VA HC1, Inc. VA SAI Vehicle Subscription, Inc. DE TX SAI VS GA, LLC GA SAI VS TX, LLC TX SAI West Houston B, LLC TX BMW of West Houston Sonic Buena Park H, Inc. CA Buena Park Honda Sonic Cadillac D, LLC TX Sonic Calabasas A, Inc. CA Sonic Calabasas V, Inc. CA Sonic Capitol Cadillac, Inc. MI Sonic Capitol Imports, Inc. SC Sonic Carson F, Inc. CA Sonic Carson LM, Inc. CA Sonic Clear Lake Volkswagen, LLC TX Sonic Denver T, Inc. CO Mountain States Toyota Sonic Downey Cadillac, Inc. CA Sonic Fort Mill Chrysler Jeep, Inc. SC Sonic Fort Mill Dodge, Inc. SC Sonic Fort Worth T, LLC TX Sonic Harbor City H, Inc. CA Carson Honda 
 Sonic Houston V, LLC TX Sonic Integrity Dodge LV, LLC NV Sonic Jersey Village Volkswagen, LLC TX Sonic Lake Norman Chrysler Jeep, LLC NC Sonic Las Vegas C West, LLC NV Cadillac of Las Vegas Sonic Lloyd Nissan, Inc. FL Sonic LS Chevrolet, LLC TX Lone Star Chevrolet Sonic LS, LLC DE TX Sonic Lute Riley, LLC TX Lute Riley Honda Sonic Massey Chevrolet, Inc. CA Sonic Newsome Chevrolet World, Inc. SC Sonic Newsome of Florence, Inc. SC Sonic North Charleston Dodge, Inc. SC Sonic North Charleston, Inc. SC Sonic Plymouth Cadillac, Inc. MI Sonic Richardson F, LLC TX North Central Ford Sonic Shottenkirk, LLC FL Pensacola Honda Sonic Stevens Creek B, Inc. CA Stevens Creek BMW Stevens Creek Pre-Owned 

Exhibit 21.1 

 ENTITY Domestic Foreign ASSUMED NAME Stevens Creek BMW Pre-owned Sonic Volvo LV, LLC NV Sonic West Covina T, Inc. CA Sonic Williams Cadillac, Inc. AL Sonic 2185 Chapman Rd., Chattanooga, LLC TN Economy Honda Superstore 
 Sonic Advantage PA, LLC TX Momentum Luxury Cars Audi West Houston Porsche West Houston 
 Sonic Automotive 1495 Automall Drive, Columbus, Inc. OH Sonic Automotive 1720 Mason Ave., DB, Inc. FL Sonic Automotive - 1720 Mason Ave., DB, LLC FL Sonic Automotive 2490 South Lee Highway, LLC TN Sonic Automotive 3401 N. Main, TX, LLC TX Baytown Auto Collision Center Ron Craft Cadillac Ron Craft Chevrolet Ron Craft Chevrolet Cadillac Sonic Automotive 4701 I-10 East, TX, LLC TX Baytown Ford 
 Casa Ford Sonic Automotive 6008 N. Dale Mabry, FL, Inc. FL Sonic Automotive 9103 E. Independence, NC, LLC NC Infiniti of Charlotte Sonic Automotive 2424 Laurens Rd., Greenville, Inc. SC Sonic Automotive 2752 Laurens Rd., Greenville, Inc. SC Century BMW Century MINI Sonic Automotive Aviation, LLC NC Sonic Automotive F&I, LLC NV NC Sonic Automotive Florida Protection Products, Inc DE FL Sonic Automotive of Chattanooga, LLC TN BMW of Chattanooga Sonic Automotive of Nashville, LLC TN MINI of Nashville BMW of Nashville BMW Certified Pre-Owned Nashville Sonic Automotive of Nevada, Inc. NV Sonic Automotive of Texas, LLC TX Sonic Automotive Protection Products, Inc DE Sonic Automotive Support, LLC NV Sonic Automotive West, LLC NV Sonic Calabasas M, Inc. CA Mercedes-Benz of Calabasas Sonic Development, LLC NC AL CA CO FL GA MD MI NV OH OK SC TN TX VA Sonic Divisional Operations, LLC NV AL AZ CA CO FL GA IL IN KS KY LA MD MI MO NY NC OH OK PA SC TN TX UT VA WA WI CBS Central Buying Solutions Sonic eStore, Inc. NC 

Exhibit 21.1 

 ENTITY Domestic Foreign ASSUMED NAME Sonic FFC 1, Inc. DE TX Sonic FFC 2, Inc. DE TX Sonic FFC 3, Inc. DE TX Sonic Fremont, Inc. CA Sonic Houston JLR, LLC TX Jaguar Houston North Land Rover Houston North Sonic Houston LR, LLC TX Land Rover Houston Central Jaguar Houston Central Sonic Momentum B, LLC TX Momentum BMW Momentum MINI Momentum Collision Center Sonic Momentum JVP, LLC TX Momentum Porsche Land Rover Southwest Houston Jaguar Southwest Houston Sonic Momentum VWA, LLC TX Momentum Volkswagen Audi Central Houston Sonic of Texas, Inc. TX Sonic Resources, Inc. NV Sonic Santa Monica M, Inc. CA W.I. Simonson Sonic Santa Monica S, Inc. CA Sonic Walnut Creek M, Inc. CA Mercedes-Benz of Walnut Creek 
 Sonic Wilshire Cadillac, Inc. CA SRE Alabama 2, LLC AL SRE Alabama 5, LLC AL SRE Alabama 6, LLC AL SRE California 1, LLC CA SRE California 2, LLC CA SRE California 3, LLC CA SRE California 4, LLC CA SRE California 5, LLC CA SRE California 6, LLC CA SRE California 7 SCB, LLC CA SRE California 8 SCH, LLC CA SRE California 9 BHB, LLC CA SRE California 10 LBB, LLC CA SRE California 11 PH, LLC CA SRE Colorado 1, LLC CO SRE Colorado 2, LLC CO SRE Colorado 3, LLC CO SRE Colorado 4 RF, LLC CO SRE Colorado 5 CC, LLC CO SRE Colorado 6, LLC CO SRE Colorado 7, LLC CO SRE Colorado 8, LLC CO SRE Florida 1, LLC FL 

Exhibit 21.1 

 ENTITY Domestic Foreign ASSUMED NAME SRE Florida 2, LLC FL SRE Georgia 4, LLC GA SRE Georgia 5, LLC GA SRE Georgia 6, LLC GA SRE Holding, LLC NC AL AZ CO TX SRE Maryland 1, LLC MD SRE Nevada 2, LLC NV SRE North Carolina 2, LLC NC SRE North Carolina 3, LLC NC SRE Ohio 1, LLC OH SRE Ohio 2, LLC OH SRE Oklahoma 1, LLC OK SRE Oklahoma 2, LLC OK SRE Oklahoma 5, LLC OK SRE South Carolina 2, LLC SC SRE South Carolina 3, LLC SC SRE South Carolina 4, LLC SC SRE Tennessee 1, LLC TN SRE Tennessee 2, LLC TN SRE Tennessee 3, LLC TN SRE Tennessee 4, LLC TN SRE Tennessee 5, LLC TN SRE Tennessee 6, LLC TN SRE Tennessee 7, LLC TN SRE Tennessee 8, LLC TN SRE Texas 1, LLC TX SRE Texas 2, LLC TX SRE Texas 3, LLC TX SRE Texas 4, LLC TX SRE Texas 5, LLC TX SRE Texas 6, LLC TX SRE Texas 7, LLC TX SRE Texas 8, LLC TX SRE Texas 9, LLC TX SRE Texas 10, LLC TX SRE Texas 11, LLC TX SRE Texas 12, LLC TX SRE Texas 13, LLC TX SRE Texas 14, LLC TX SRE Texas 15, LLC TX SRE Texas 16, LLC TX SRE Texas 17, LLC TX SRE Texas 18, LLC TX SRE Texas 19, LLC TX SRE Virginia - 1, LLC VA MD SRE Virginia 2, LLC VA 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231consentofgt.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We have issued our reports dated February 22, 2024 with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting of Sonic Automotive, Inc. included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statement of Culp, Inc. on Form S-8 (File No. 333-81059, 333-81053, 333-69907, 333-69899, 333-65447, 333-49113, 333-69901, 333-95791, 333-46272, 333-46274, 333-102052, 333-102053, 333-109411, 333-117065, 333-124370, 333-142435, 333-142436, 333-159674, 333-159675, 333-180814, 333-180815, 333-204027, 333-217504, 333-232177, 333-256891). 
 s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 
 February 22, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 exhibit232kpmgconsent.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-81059, 333-81053, 333-69907, 333-69899, 333-65447, 333-49113, 333-69901, 333-95791, 333-46272, 333-46274, 333-102052, 333-102053, 333-109411, 333-117065, 333-124370, 333-142435, 333-142436, 333-159674, 333-159675, 333-180814, 333-180815, 333-204027, 333-217504, 333-232177, 333-256891, 333-274836) on Form S-8 of our report dated February 17, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Sonic Automotive, Inc. 
 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 
 February 22, 2024 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit31110-k123123.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 

I, Heath R. Byrd, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sonic Automotive, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 22, 2024 By s HEATH R. BYRD Heath R. Byrd Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exhibit31210-k123123.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 

I, David Bruton Smith, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sonic Automotive, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2024 By s DAVID BRUTON SMITH David Bruton Smith Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit32110-k123123.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Sonic Automotive, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Heath R. Byrd, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s HEATH R. BYRD Heath R. Byrd Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 22, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 exhibit32210-k123123.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Sonic Automotive, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, David Bruton Smith, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s DAVID BRUTON SMITH David Bruton Smith Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 22, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 10
 exhibit971.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 97.1 

 SONIC AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 
 EXECUTIVE INCENTIVE COMPENSATION RECOUPMENT POLICY 
 
 (Adopted July 26, 2023, Effective October 2, 2023) 
 
 Sonic Automotive, Inc. (the Company has adopted this Executive Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy (the Policy as a supplement to any other recoupment or clawback policies in effect now or in the future at the Company. To the extent this Policy applies to compensation payable to a person covered by this Policy (as set forth below), it shall be the only recoupment or clawback policy applicable to such compensation and no other such policy shall apply provided that, if such other policy provides that a greater amount of such compensation shall be subject to recoupment or clawback, such other policy shall apply to the amount in excess of the amount subject to recoupment or clawback under this Policy. This Policy shall be interpreted to comply with the clawback rules found in 17 C.F.R. 240.10D and the related listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange or such other national securities exchange or national securities association Exchange on which the Company has listed securities, and, to the extent this Policy is in any manner deemed inconsistent with such rules, this Policy shall be treated as retroactively amended to comply with such rules. 
 
 1. Definitions . 17 C.F.R. 240.10D-1(d) defines the terms Executive Officer , Financial Reporting Measure , Incentive-Based Compensation , and Received . As used herein, these terms shall have the same meaning as in that regulation and any interpretive guidance thereunder. 
 
 2. Application of the Policy. This Policy shall only apply in the event that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 
 
 3. Recovery Period . The Incentive-Based Compensation subject to recoupment or clawback is the Incentive-Based Compensation Received during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement described in Section 2, provided that the person served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period applicable to the Incentive-Based Compensation in question. The date that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement shall be determined pursuant to 17 C.F.R. 240.10D-1(b)(1)(ii). 
 
 (a) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Policy shall only apply if the Incentive-Based Compensation is Received (1) while the Company has a class of securities listed on an Exchange and (2) on or after October 2, 2023 (the Effective Date ). 
 (Page 1 of 3) 

(b) This Policy will apply to Incentive-Based Compensation Received during a transition period arising due to a change in the Company s fiscal year pursuant to 17 C.F.R. 240.10D-1(b)(1)(i). 
 
 4. Erroneously Awarded Compensation . The amount of Incentive-Based Compensation subject to recoupment or clawback under this Policy Erroneously Awarded Compensation is the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation Received that exceeds the amount of Incentive Based-Compensation that otherwise would have been Received had it been determined based on the restated amounts and shall be computed without regard to any taxes paid. For Incentive-Based Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in an accounting restatement (1) the amount shall be based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the accounting restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation was received and (2) the Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the Exchange. 
 
 5. Effectuation of Recovery . The Company shall recover reasonably promptly any Erroneously Awarded Compensation except to the extent that the conditions of paragraphs (a), (b), or (c) below apply. The Board of Directors (the Board shall determine the recoupment method and schedule for each amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation in a manner that complies with this reasonably promptly requirement. Such determination shall be consistent with any applicable legal guidance, by the SEC, judicial opinion, or otherwise. The determination of reasonably promptly may vary from case to case and the Board is authorized to adopt additional rules to further describe what repayment schedules satisfy this requirement. 
 
 (a) Erroneously Awarded Compensation need not be recovered if the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing the Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered and the Board has made a determination that recovery would be impracticable. Before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on expense of enforcement, the Company shall make a reasonable attempt to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s) to recover, and provide that documentation to the Exchange. 
 
 (b) Erroneously Awarded Compensation need not be recovered if recovery would violate home country law where that law was adopted prior to November 28, 2022 and the Board has made a determination that recovery would be impracticable. Before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on violation of home country law, the Company shall obtain an opinion of home country counsel, acceptable to the Exchange, that recovery would result in such a violation and shall provide such opinion to the Exchange. 
 
 (Page 2 of 3) 

(c) Erroneously Awarded Compensation need not be recovered if recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the registrant, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder and the Board has made a determination that recovery would be impracticable. 
 
 6. Method of Recoupment . The Board shall determine the method of recoupment and may seek recoupment of the Erroneously Awarded Compensation from an Executive Officer from any of the following sources prior incentive compensation payments future payments of incentive compensation cancellation of outstanding equity awards future equity awards and direct repayment. For the avoidance of doubt, the Board may seek to require any or all of the following recovery actions (A) repayment by the Executive Officer of all Incentive-Based Compensation that was paid or vested (B) cancellation of outstanding equity awards, including restricted share awards, restricted stock unit awards, stock appreciation rights, and stock options (C) payment by the Executive Officer of net proceeds resulting from the sale or other disposition of shares issued upon the exercise of stock appreciation rights and stock options (D) payment by the Executive Officer of net proceeds resulting from the sale or other disposition of shares underlying any restricted share awards or restricted stock unit awards upon or following the vesting of such awards (E) recoupment of any shares held by the Executive Officer issued upon or with respect to which the restrictions have lapsed upon the vesting of restricted share awards or restricted stock unit awards and (F) recoupment of any shares held by the Executive Officer issued upon the exercise of stock options. 
 
 7. Board Decisions Delegation. The Board may delegate to the Compensation Committee all determinations to be made and actions to be taken by the Board under this Policy. Decisions of the Board or the Compensation Committee, as applicable, with respect to this Policy shall be final, conclusive and binding on all Executive Officers subject to this Policy, unless determined to be an abuse of discretion. 
 
 8. No Indemnification . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any other policy of the Company or any agreement between the Company and an Executive Officer, no Executive Officer shall be indemnified by the Company against the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation. 
 
 9. Agreement to Policy by Executive Officers . The Board shall take reasonable steps to inform Executive Officers of this Policy and obtain their agreement to this Policy, which steps may constitute the inclusion of this Policy as an attachment to any award that is accepted by the Executive Officer. 
 
 10. No Impairment of Other Remedies . This Policy does not preclude the Company from taking any other action to enforce an Executive Officer s obligations to the Company, including termination of employment or institution of civil or criminal proceedings. This Policy is not only in addition to the requirements of Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are applicable to the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer but also any Company policy related to misconduct or conduct that is detrimental to the Company. 
 (Page 3 of 3) 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 sah-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 sah-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 sah-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 sah-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 sah-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

