<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240215_10-K_edgar_data_931182_0000950170-24-015907.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>50366392</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>454544</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5587453</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>21632874</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6293900</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>14398707</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-24-015907.hdr.sgml : 20240215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240215162041
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-24-015907
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		167
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EQUITY RESIDENTIAL
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000906107
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				363877868
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12252
		FILM NUMBER:		24644090

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		EQUITY RESIDENTIAL
		STREET 2:		TWO NORTH RIVERSIDE PLAZA, SUITE 400
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3129281178

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO NORTH RIVERSIDE PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EQUITY RESIDENTIAL PROPERTIES TRUST
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930524

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ERP OPERATING LTD PARTNERSHIP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000931182
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				363894853
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24920
		FILM NUMBER:		24644091

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO N RIVERSIDE PLZ
		STREET 2:		STE 400
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3124741300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO N RIVERSIDE PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 450
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-24-015907.txt : 20240215

10-K
 1
 eqr-20231231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: (Equity Residential) 
 Commission File Number: (ERP Operating Limited Partnership) 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(Equity Residential) 
 (Equity Residential) 

(ERP Operating Limited Partnership) 
 (ERP Operating Limited Partnership) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None (Equity Residential) 
 Units of Limited Partnership Interest (ERP Operating Limited Partnership) 
 (Title of each class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Equity Residential No 
 ERP Operating Limited Partnership No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Equity Residential Yes 
 ERP Operating Limited Partnership Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Equity Residential No 
 ERP Operating Limited Partnership No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

Equity Residential No 
 ERP Operating Limited Partnership No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Equity Residential: 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

ERP Operating Limited Partnership: 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Equity Residential 

ERP Operating Limited Partnership 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Equity Residential 

ERP Operating Limited Partnership 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Equity Residential 

ERP Operating Limited Partnership 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Equity Residential 

ERP Operating Limited Partnership 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

Equity Residential Yes No 
 ERP Operating Limited Partnership Yes No 

The aggregate market value of Common Shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approxima tely bill ion based upon the closing price on June 30, 2023 of 65.97 using beneficial ownership of shares rules adopted pursuant to Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to exclude voting shares owned by Trustees and Executive Officers, some of whom may not be held to be affiliates upon judicial determination. 
 The number of Common Shares of Beneficial Interest, 0.01 par value, outstanding on February 8, 2024 was . 

Auditor Firm Id: 
 
 Auditor Name: 
 
 Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

2 

Table of Contents 

 EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 This report combines the annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 of Equity Residential and ERP Operating Limited Partnership. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to EQR mean Equity Residential, a Maryland real estate investment trust REIT ), and references to ERPOP mean ERP Operating Limited Partnership, an Illinois limited partnership. References to the Company, we, us or our mean collectively EQR, ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by EQR and/or ERPOP. References to the Operating Partnership mean collectively ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by ERPOP. The following chart illustrates the Company s and the Operating Partnership s corporate structure: 

EQR is the general partner of, and as of December 31, 2023 owned an approximate 97.0 ownership interest in, ERPOP. The remaining 3.0 interest is owned by limited partners. As the sole general partner of ERPOP, EQR has exclusive control of ERPOP s day-to-day management. Management operates the Company and the Operating Partnership as one business. The management of EQR consists of the same members as the management of ERPOP. 
 The Company is structured as an umbrella partnership REIT UPREIT and EQR contributes all net proceeds from its various equity offerings to ERPOP. In return for those contributions, EQR receives a number of OP Units (see definition below) in ERPOP equal to the number of Common Shares it has issued in the equity offering. The Company may acquire properties in transactions that include the issuance of OP Units as consideration for the acquired properties. Such transactions may, in certain circumstances, enable the sellers to defer in whole or in part, the recognition of taxable income or gain that might otherwise result from the sales. This is one of the reasons why the Company is structured in the manner shown above. Based on the terms of ERPOP s partnership agreement, OP Units can be exchanged with Common Shares on a one-for-one basis because the Company maintains a one-for-one relationship between the OP Units of ERPOP issued to EQR and the outstanding Common Shares. 
 The Company believes that combining the reports on Form 10-K of EQR and ERPOP into this single report provides the following benefits: 
 enhances investors understanding of the Company and the Operating Partnership by enabling investors to view the business as a whole in the same manner as management views and operates the business; 

eliminates duplicative disclosure and provides a more streamlined and readable presentation since a substantial portion of the disclosure applies to both the Company and the Operating Partnership; and 

creates time and cost efficiencies through the preparation of one combined report instead of two separate reports. 

3 

Table of Contents 

 The Company believes it is important to understand the few differences between EQR and ERPOP in the context of how EQR and ERPOP operate as a consolidated company. All of the Company s property ownership, development and related business operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership and EQR has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in ERPOP. EQR s primary function is acting as the general partner of ERPOP. EQR also issues equity from time to time, the net proceeds of which it is obligated to contribute to ERPOP. EQR does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of the assets of the Company, including the Company s ownership interests in its joint ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. Except for the net proceeds from equity offerings by EQR (which are contributed to the capital of ERPOP in exchange for additional partnership interests in ERPOP OP Units (on a one-for-one Common Share per OP Unit basis) or additional preference units in ERPOP (on a one-for-one preferred share per preference unit basis)), the Operating Partnership generates all remaining capital required by the Company s business. These sources include the Operating Partnership s working capital, net cash provided by operating activities, borrowings under its revolving credit facility and/or commercial paper program, the issuance of secured and unsecured debt and partnership interests, and proceeds received from disposition of certain properties and joint venture interests. 
 Shareholders equity, partners capital and noncontrolling interests are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of the Company and those of the Operating Partnership. The limited partners of the Operating Partnership are accounted for as partners capital in the Operating Partnership s financial statements and as noncontrolling interests in the Company s financial statements. The noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership s financial statements include the interests of unaffiliated partners in various consolidated partnerships. The noncontrolling interests in the Company s financial statements include the same noncontrolling interests at the Operating Partnership level and limited partner OP Unit holders of the Operating Partnership. The differences between shareholders equity and partners capital result from differences in the equity issued at the Company and Operating Partnership levels. 
 To help investors understand the differences between the Company and the Operating Partnership, this report provides separate consolidated financial statements for the Company and the Operating Partnership; a single set of consolidated notes to such financial statements that includes separate discussions of each entity s debt, noncontrolling interests and shareholders equity or partners capital, as applicable; and a combined Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section that includes discrete information related to each entity. 
 This report also includes separate Part II, Item 9A, Controls and Procedures , sections and separate Exhibits 31 and 32 certifications for each of the Company and the Operating Partnership in order to establish that the requisite certifications have been made and that the Company and the Operating Partnership are compliant with Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 In order to highlight the differences between the Company and the Operating Partnership, the separate sections in this report for the Company and the Operating Partnership specifically refer to the Company and the Operating Partnership. In the sections that combine disclosure of the Company and the Operating Partnership, this report refers to actions or holdings as being actions or holdings of the Company. Although the Operating Partnership is generally the entity that directly or indirectly enters into contracts and joint ventures and holds assets and debt, reference to the Company is appropriate because the Company is one business and the Company operates that business through the Operating Partnership. 
 
 As general partner with control of ERPOP, EQR consolidates ERPOP for financial reporting purposes, and EQR essentially has no assets or liabilities other than its investment in ERPOP. Therefore, the assets and liabilities of the Company and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial statements. The separate discussions of the Company and the Operating Partnership in this report should be read in conjunction with each other to understand the results of the Company on a consolidated basis and how management operates the Company. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 EQUITY RESIDENTIAL 
 ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I. 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 6 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 12 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 23 

Item 1C. 
 
 Cybersecurity 
 
 23 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 24 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 26 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 27 

PART II. 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 28 

Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 
 
 28 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 29 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 44 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 45 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 45 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 45 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 46 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 46 

PART III. 

Item 10. 
 
 Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 47 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 47 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 47 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Trustee Independence 
 
 47 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 47 

PART IV. 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 48 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 48 

EX-4.1 

EX-4.3 

EX-21 

EX-23.1 

EX-23.2 

EX-31.1 

EX-31.2 

EX-31.3 

EX 31.4 

EX-32.1 

EX-32.2 

EX-32.3 

EX-32.4 

EX-97 

EX-101 INSTANCE DOCUMENT 

EX-101 SCHEMA DOCUMENT 

5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 General 
 Equity Residential EQR is committed to creating communities where people thrive. The Company, a member of the S P 500, is focused on the acquisition, development and management of residential properties located in and around dynamic cities that attract affluent long-term renters. ERP Operating Limited Partnership ERPOP is focused on conducting the multifamily property business of EQR. EQR is a Maryland real estate investment trust REIT formed in March 1993 and ERPOP is an Illinois limited partnership formed in May 1993. References to the Company, we, us or our mean collectively EQR, ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by EQR and/or ERPOP. References to the Operating Partnership mean collectively ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by ERPOP. 
 EQR is the general partner of, and as of December 31, 2023 owned an approximate 97.0 ownership interest in, ERPOP. All of the Company s property ownership, development and related business operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership and EQR has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in ERPOP. EQR issues equity from time to time, the net proceeds of which it is obligated to contribute to ERPOP, but does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of the assets of the Company, including the Company s ownership interests in its joint ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. 
 The Company s corporate headquarters is located in Chicago, Illinois and the Company also operates regional property management offices in most of its markets. 
 On May 18, 2023, the Company announced that Samuel Zell, its Founder and Chairman of the Board of Trustees, had passed away earlier that same day. David J. Neithercut, the Company s former Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Company s Board of Trustees since 2006, has been appointed as Chairman. 
 Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements or the Definitions section of Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . See also Note 17 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding the Company s segment disclosures. 
 Available Information 
 You may access our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K, our proxy statements and any amendments to any of those reports/statements we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC free of charge on our website, www.equityapartments.com. These reports/statements are made available on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file them with or furnish them to the SEC. The information contained on our website, including any information referred to in this report as being available on our website, is not a part of or incorporated into this report. 
 Business Objectives and Operating and Investing Strategies 
 Overview 
 The Company is one of the largest U.S. publicly-traded owners and operators of high quality rental apartment properties, with an established presence in Boston, New York, Washington, D.C., Southern California (including Los Angeles, Orange County and San Diego), San Francisco and Seattle, and an expanding presence in Denver, Atlanta, Dallas/Ft. Worth and Austin. Through our ownership in these markets, we seek to optimize our portfolio by balancing risk and maximizing returns. We believe that this portfolio will allow us to produce more consistent cash flows in a volatile world where local market conditions may cause operating fundamentals to change rapidly. We believe our markets are knowledge centers of the U.S. economy that draw employers and their talented affluent workers that drive economic growth in the United States. We believe the locations of our properties in these markets are attractive to these affluent knowledge workers (who often choose to rent for lifestyle reasons) that we hope to convert into satisfied long-term residents. 
 We believe we have created an industry-leading operating platform and balance sheet to run our properties. Our employees are focused on delivering remarkable customer service to our residents so they will stay with us longer, be willing to pay higher rent for a great experience and will tell others about how much they love living in an Equity Residential property. We utilize technology and other innovative methods of engagement with our residents to foster relationships and community, improve the resident experience and operate our business more efficiently. We pair that with disciplined balance sheet management that enhances returns and value creation 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 while maintaining flexibility to take advantage of future opportunities. We believe that our stakeholders value stability, liquidity, predictability and accountability and that is the mission to which we remain unwaveringly committed. 
 Despite overall economic concerns, demand to live in our apartment communities remains healthy and we believe that the long-term prospects for our business remain strong. Our business benefits from elevated single family home ownership costs, positive household formation trends and the overall deficit in housing across the country, especially in the areas in which we are investing. Our well-located communities provide an exceptional experience for our residents around dynamic cities that we believe will continue to attract affluent long-term renters. 
 Equity Residential is committed to creating communities where people thrive. We carry this, our corporate purpose, through our relationships with our customers, our employees, our shareholders and the communities in which we operate. It drives our commitments to sustainability, diversity and inclusion, the total wellbeing of our employees and being a responsible corporate citizen in the communities in which we operate. 
 Investment Strategy 
 The Company s long-term strategy is to invest in apartment properties located in strategically targeted markets with the goal of maximizing our risk-adjusted total returns by balancing current cash flow generation with long-term capital appreciation. We seek to meet this goal by investing in markets that are characterized by conditions favorable to multifamily property operations over the long-term. Our multi-pronged investment strategy featuring acquisitions, new stand-alone and expansion developments, densifying developments and accretive renovations of existing properties is focused on optimizing and balancing our portfolio in terms of location, including between our established and expansion markets and between urban and suburban submarkets within those markets. The markets we focus on generally feature one or more of the following characteristics that allow us to drive performance: 
 Large and diverse economic drivers . Our markets are some of the largest cities in the United States. They are markets that generally attract a variety of large and diverse industries and businesses. They include a number of submarkets that are attractive for long-term multifamily ownership and are positioned to capture future demand. 

High costs of single family home ownership. Elevated single family home ownership costs (large down payments, high interest rates, etc.), low for sale inventory and existing homeowners that are reluctant to sell given favorable locked-in financing all support renting in the long-term, especially in the markets in which we operate. 

Strong high quality job growth. Our markets attract and create high quality jobs that are often focused in growing areas of the knowledge-based economy. These jobs result in the significant presence and growth in affluent renters that work in the highest earning sectors of the economy, are not rent burdened and are attracted to our type of properties. This creates the ability to raise rents more readily in good economic times and reduces risk during downturns. Many of these affluent workers are employed in the fields of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics, or STEM jobs, as well as financial services, medical, legal and other higher-earning professions. 

Significant apartment demand that meets new apartment supply. We remain focused on owning and operating properties in markets and submarkets where the supply of apartments is met with strong demand. While at times supply and demand imbalances may occur, over the long-term we believe that the dynamics in our markets will support superior long-term returns. 

We also focus on resiliency/environmental and regulatory issues when choosing which markets/submarkets in which to concentrate our investment efforts. We conduct climate resilience analyses and assess the regulatory climate to identify potential risks and opportunities as part of our due diligence process for new acquisitions and developments, as well as potential markets for portfolio expansion. Resiliency and regulatory issues also factor into our decisions to dispose of certain properties and/or exit certain submarkets. 
 We believe our strategy capitalizes on the preference of renters of all ages to live in the locations where we operate which typically are near transportation (both public transit and convenient highway access), entertainment, employment centers/universities and cultural and outdoor amenities. Furthermore, we believe that demand for rental housing will continue to be driven primarily through household formations from the younger segments of our population, particularly Generation Z, while retaining Millennials for longer, and to a lesser extent, capturing the aging Baby Boomer generation. 
 Generation Z is approximately 70 million people born between 1997 and 2012. This cohort is entering prime renter age and is expected to continue to be an important source of demand. 

Millennials are individuals born between 1981 and 1996, totaling approximately 72 million people, and continue to be a significant portion of the renter population. They also tend to remain renters longer due to the high cost of single family home ownership, societal trends favoring delays in marriage and having children and caution around making large financial commitments during uncertain economic times. 

7 

Table of Contents 

 Baby Boomers, a demographic of more than 68 million people born between 1946 and 1964, also may trend toward apartment rentals as they downsize and enter retirement in vibrant cities. 

The Company continues to allocate capital in order to optimize performance by balancing current cash flow growth with long-term capital appreciation. We have done so by adding expansion markets to our portfolio when certain submarkets in those markets meet many of the same characteristics listed above. Expansion into these markets of Denver, Atlanta, Dallas/Ft. Worth and Austin includes investments in both urban and suburban properties in select submarkets and is generally being funded by reducing exposure to older or lower returning assets in selected established markets. Development also plays an important role in our capital allocation. Development activity is focused on our in-house pipeline and redevelopment of some existing operating properties and our strategic partnerships and joint-ventures with third-party developers in both established and expansion markets. The Company remains committed to development as a driver of external growth but acknowledges its incremental risk, particularly in higher inflationary cost environments, when evaluating it as a method of expansion. 
 Competition 
 All of the Company s properties are located in developed areas with multiple housing choices, including other multifamily properties. The number of competitive housing choices or multifamily properties in a particular area could have a material effect on the Company s ability to lease apartment units at its properties and on the rents charged. The Company may be competing with other housing providers that have greater resources than the Company and whose managers have more experience than the Company s managers. In addition, other forms of rental properties and single family housing provide housing alternatives to potential residents of multifamily properties. See Item 1A, Risk Factors , for additional information with respect to competition. 
 Operations and Innovation 
 We attempt to balance occupancy and rental rates to maximize our revenue while exercising tight cost control to generate the highest possible cash flow generation to our shareholders. Our focus on operating efficiency and delivery of an exceptional resident living experience has driven strong Physical Occupancy and a high Percentage of Residents Renewing while achieving strong renewal rate growth. 
 We deliver this performance through rapidly evolving technology and innovation that is increasingly prevalent in our industry. We have been and continue to be a leader in deploying and investing in property technology to serve our customers better and operate more efficiently. Having a history as a first mover in such important areas as online leasing, we are focused on technology that drives superior margins and improves customer experience. We use a standardized purchasing system to control our operating expenses and a business intelligence platform and other data analytics that allow our team members to quickly identify and address issues and opportunities. Many of these initiatives allow us to interact with our customers in a safe, responsible and convenient manner, including self-guided tours, automated responses to customer inquiries and enhanced service and maintenance management. While we believe areas such as smart home technology and others will provide the foundation for current and future improvements to how we do business, we will continue to consider the cost and longevity of technology capital investments and their benefits. 
 Our Commitment to Corporate Responsibility 
 At Equity Residential, we believe focusing on corporate responsibility is a key way to programmatically address stakeholder concerns as part of our corporate purpose as we recognize the profound impact that the real estate industry can have on our environment and society as a whole. We strive to create and maintain a sustainable portfolio that not only has a low environmental footprint, but also one that is attractive to our customers and the community and resilient to the changing climate. We apply best practices for sustainability across all aspects of our real estate business. We have a dedicated in-house team that initiates and applies sustainable practices in all aspects of our business, including investment activities, development, property operations and property management activities. Multifamily housing is one of the most environmentally-friendly uses of real estate, as each property provides homes for hundreds of families in a denser shared environment. We consider building locations based on walkability, accessibility, neighborhoods and communities. Our properties support amenities such as fitness centers and we select locations near shops, restaurants, outdoor amenities such as bike/running paths and health clubs, enabling a low carbon footprint lifestyle for our residents to live, work and play. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Equity Residential s sustainability program actively manages environmental impacts and climate-related risks and opportunities through optimized, financially responsible capital investments and technologies. We methodically focus on energy, water, waste and emissions to advance the program s policies, targets and resilience outcomes as well as our shareholders' long-term financial interests. Together, we believe our program drives long-term asset value, responsibly manages risks and engages our communities, residents, employees and shareholders as part of our broader sustainability strategy and commitment to good corporate citizenship and maximizing investment performance. Our expertise has shown that as real estate owners, developers and managers, we have the ability to make a positive impact on the environment while also enhancing our financial performance and strengthening our organization s sense of purpose. 
 To further strengthen our commitments to sustainability initiatives, we set ambitious targets to reduce our environmental impact across the portfolio aligned with global climate change initiatives. For example, we recently set a science-based target to reduce our absolute Scope 1, 2, and 3 greenhouse gas emissions (from our two biggest categories) by 30 by 2030 from a 2018 base year. We continue to enhance our environmental disclosure efforts by calculating and disclosing our Scope 3 emissions. 
 We also issued two sustainable fixed-income instruments (each a green bond designed to support projects that contribute to environmental sustainability, becoming the first multifamily REIT to ever issue a green bond. The Company also has a 10.0 million investment in a fund focused on early stage sustainability and climate change mitigation technology relevant to the built environment. 
 As detailed below, we have a commitment to our employees engagement, diversity and inclusion and wellness that serves as the foundation of our corporate purpose. We celebrate differences and are committed to cultivating an inclusive environment of belonging for all employees, driving excellence through shared perspectives and collaborative innovation. We also recognize that a successful company must incorporate the best corporate governance practices in order to better serve its stakeholders. Consistent with the Company's purpose and commitment to the incorporation of corporate responsibility concepts in all aspects of its business, executive compensation includes a goal which focuses on environmental, social and governance factors. 
 For additional information regarding our corporate responsibility efforts, see our 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report at our website, www.equityapartments.com, which includes third-party limited assurance covering some of the environmental metrics included in the report. The report, which includes Sustainability Accounting Standards Board disclosures and incorporates recommendations from the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures, was reviewed and approved by the Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Trustees, which monitors the Company s ongoing corporate responsibility efforts. The Environmental, Social and Governance Report is not part of or incorporated into this report. Furthermore, our annual proxy statements contain additional information on our corporate responsibility efforts, including detailed information regarding our corporate governance practices. Such annual proxy statements and the information contained therein are not part of nor incorporated into this report, except as otherwise provided herein. 
 Human Capital 
 At Equity Residential, our team of approximately 2,400 employees is the driving force of our success. We believe that our richly diverse work environment captures top talent, cultivates the best ideas and creates the widest possible platform for this success in line with our corporate purpose of Creating communities where people thrive . Our core principles, affectionately named Ten Ways to Be a Winner, guide our behavior as individuals and collectively as a team, helping us in our goal to deliver market-leading performance. As part of our Ten Ways to Be a Winner, we encourage our team members to raise questions, take educated risks, offer new ideas and help us make the right decisions. One way we live the Ten Ways is by enriching our culture through our core Equity Values," which include Diversity Inclusion, Social Responsibility, Sustainability and Total Wellbeing. We have assembled the Equity Values Council, a diverse employee group reflective of the broader Company, to lead our efforts on these values by acting as change agents to drive initiatives, create goals and awareness, and encourage colleagues to participate in community service activities and wellness initiatives. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 Our commitment to diversity and inclusion starts with a highly skilled and diverse Board of Trustees. 

We are committed to fostering a safe, inclusive and productive workplace for all employees. We believe providing a work environment based on respect, trust and collaboration creates an exceptional employee experience where employees can bring their whole selves to work and thrive in their careers. In recent years, we have created dedicated Diversity and Inclusion staffing to oversee this crucial work. 

To further prioritize the importance of our diversity and inclusion efforts, our executives annual compensation goals include an evaluation of objective metrics measuring our Company s progress in this regard. 

We have the benefit of a diverse workforce, of which over 60 currently identify as ethnically diverse. 

9 

Table of Contents 

 A diversity and inclusion lens is embedded in our talent review processes. This includes the development of our Overcoming Bias in Performance Review Toolkit, which is designed to provide practical bias interrupters and guidelines to improve fairness in the performance evaluation process. 

We strategically identify opportunities to increase the diversity of our talent pipeline at all levels, including by actively seeking to source a pool of diverse candidates for mid-management and above positions in the communities where we serve, such as from Project Destined, Fannie Mae s Future Housing Leaders, Howard University, Roosevelt University and Evanston Scholars. 

We employ interns from universities across the nation and local colleges to provide pathways for students of various backgrounds interested in real estate. 

Pay Equity 
 In order to develop, attract and retain the best employees, we are committed to providing a total compensation package which is market-based, performance driven, fair and internally equitable. 

Our goal is to be competitive both within the general employment market as well as with our competitors in the real estate industry, with our strongest performers being paid more. 

Base pay is reviewed annually, as is Equity Residential s compensation framework, by partnering with managers to create and update job descriptions that reflect the duties, skills, experience and education required to perform the role, and then benchmarking the Company s pay practices and budget as well as our jobs against third-party compensation surveys to determine the market value of the job. 

During the year-end performance evaluation process, managers review and calibrate compensation for all employees on their team, in an effort to ensure equity around our pay practices and allow us to reward and motivate our top talent. 

Employee Engagement 
 Employee engagement and experience are extremely important at Equity Residential. Our Employee Experience (EX) Survey measures employee engagement and diversity and inclusion, among other components of the employee experience. 

Our 2023 engagement score of 78 favorability is very strong, especially given changes in employee expectations in the wake of the pandemic. Our Diversity Inclusion Index score of 84 demonstrated significant employee favorability for the initiatives taking place and a greater sense of belonging. 

Executive leaders are assessed annually on their leadership results for diversity and inclusion, engagement and manager completion of Ethics and Positive Workplace training, which for 2023 were measured by an employee experience survey and course completion rates. 

Training and Development 
 We believe a successful workplace is one where employees constantly learn and grow. Our HR Transformation Learning Development L D team works regularly with leaders and employees to expand their knowledge and skills. L D develops and delivers a wide range of training and development opportunities, from tactical to strategic, face-to-face to virtual, social learning to self-directed learning, and more. 

Health, Safety and Wellness 
 Equity Residential is committed to providing the tools and resources to help our employees achieve total wellbeing. Having a thriving employee base is the pinnacle of our total wellbeing efforts. When employees bring their whole self to work, perform their best and are well supported, they can make powerful contributions to the business, culture and our communities. Whether physical, mental, financial, career, social or community wellbeing, Equity Residential offers benefits to help meet our employee needs. 

Physical Wellbeing: Equity Residential is focused on providing benefits that help our employees achieve balance and address good health proactively, with coverage for ongoing needs and emergencies that can arise as well. Long before healthcare reform, Equity Residential made a commitment to cover 100 of employee preventive care. This commitment and our robust and highly popular wellness program has made proactive personal healthcare more accessible and manageable for employees, while encouraging ongoing healthy behaviors and rewarding employees for taking a proactive approach to their health. 

Mental Wellbeing: We strive to make mental healthcare accessible. Our communications are designed to highlight awareness-building and our resources are centered around culturally competent care that scales toward employees 

10 

Table of Contents 

 needs. This includes educational resources for maintaining mental health, online mobile apps to address or discuss ways to improve, and partnerships with virtual care providers and support networks for those who need immediate and critical support. All employees and their family members have access to five free counseling sessions (per year per presenting matter) through our Employee Assistance Program. Understanding the importance of a mentally healthy workforce, we also added an industry-leading meditation app, free to all employees and their family members, designed to promote mental health. Our dedication to mental wellness is reflected in providing tools like this, fostering a culture that values self-care and effective mental health practices. 

Financial Wellbeing: These benefits and resources help our employees manage their money better today, while preparing for financial milestones and retirement in the future. Financial peace of mind is at the core of these offerings, whether it s our generous 401(k) match, basic and supplemental insurance to ensure our loved ones and possessions are cared for, rent discounts at our properties or additional savings and investment options like our employee share purchase plan. 

Career Wellbeing: When employees move up in skill and experience, so does Equity Residential. We encourage our employees to Test their Limits (one of the Ten Ways), push the boundaries of their comfort zones and seek new challenges through several learning resources and courses, in addition to tuition reimbursement. We actively promote from within, and many senior corporate and property leaders have risen from entry level or junior positions. 

Social and Community Wellbeing: We offer a number of benefits that foster social and community wellbeing, including paid time off to volunteer in our communities. 

Equity Residential continues to partner with Employees1st to provide financial relief via a crisis fund for employees struck by personal hardships or unforeseen disasters. The Company contributes funds to further support employees who experience unforeseen or catastrophic hardship. We are proud that this program allows yet another avenue for us to tangibly demonstrate a one team culture by ensuring that employees feel safe and supported during extreme circumstances. 

Regulatory Considerations 
 See Item 1A, Risk Factors , for information concerning the potential effects of governmental regulations, including environmental regulations, on our operations. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Ri sk Factors 
 General 
 This Item 1A includes forward-looking statements. You should refer to our discussion of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements included in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The occurrence of the events discussed in the following risk factors could adversely affect, possibly in a material manner, our business, financial condition or results of operations, which could affect the value of our common shares of beneficial interest or preferred shares of beneficial interest (which we refer to collectively as Shares ), Preference Units, OP Units, restricted units and our public unsecured debt. In this section, we refer to the Shares, Preference Units, OP Units, restricted units and public unsecured debt together as our securities and the investors who own such securities as our security holders. 
 Risks Related to our Business Strategy 
 Investing in real estate is inherently subject to risks that could negatively impact our business. 
 Investing in real estate is subject to varying degrees and types of risk. While we seek to mitigate these risks through various strategies, including geographic diversification, market research and proactive asset management, among other techniques, these risks cannot be eliminated entirely. Factors that may impact cash flows and real estate values include, but are not limited to: 
 Local economic conditions, particularly oversupply or reductions in demand; 

National, regional and local political and regulatory climates, governmental fiscal health and governmental policies; 

The inability or unwillingness of residents to pay rent increases; 

Increases in our operating expenses due to inflationary or other pressures; 

Cost and availability of labor and materials required to maintain our properties at acceptable standards; 

Availability of attractive financing opportunities; 

Changes in social preferences, demographics or migration patterns; and 

Additional risks that are discussed below. 

The geographic concentration of our properties could have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 While the Company continues to diversify its portfolio with the addition of the expansion markets, the Company s properties are still predominantly concentrated in our established coastal markets (generally within certain dense urban and suburban submarkets). If one or more of these markets is unfavorably impacted by specific geopolitical and/or economic conditions, local real estate conditions, increases in social unrest, increases in real estate and other taxes, reduced quality of life, deterioration of local or state government health, rent control or rent stabilization laws, other similar regulations, or localized environmental and climate issues, the impact of such conditions may have a more negative impact on our results of operations than if our properties were more geographically diverse. Additionally, to the extent that these markets or submarkets become less desirable to operate in, including changes in multifamily housing supply and demand, our results of operations could be more negatively impacted than if we were more diversified within our markets or invested in a greater number of markets. 
 Competition for housing may negatively affect operations and demand for the Company s properties or residents. 
 Our properties face competition for residents from other existing or new multifamily properties, condominiums, single family homes and other living arrangements, whether owned or rental, that may attract residents from our properties or prospective residents that would otherwise choose to live with us. As a result, we may not be able to renew existing resident leases or enter into new resident leases, or if we are able to renew or enter into new leases, they may be at rates or terms that are less favorable than our current rates or terms, resulting in a material impact on our results of operations. 
 Additionally, our properties face competition for residents as a result of innovations in technology and amenities. Therefore, we may not be able to retain residents or attract new residents if we are unable to identify and cost effectively implement new, relevant technologies/amenities and keep up with constantly changing resident demand for the latest innovations in these areas. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 The short-term nature of apartment leases exposes us more quickly to the effects of declining market rents, potentially making our results of operations and cash flows more volatile. 
 Generally, our residential apartment leases are for twelve months or less. If the terms of the renewal or releasing are less favorable than current terms, then the Company s results of operations and financial condition could be negatively affected. Given our generally shorter-term lease structure, our rental revenues are impacted by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms. In addition, operating expenses associated with each property, such as real estate taxes, insurance, utilities, maintenance costs and employee wages and benefits, may not decline at all or decline at the same rate as revenues when circumstances might cause a reduction of those revenues at our properties. 
 Because real estate investments are illiquid, we may not be able to sell properties when appropriate. 
 Real estate investments often cannot be sold quickly due to regulatory constraints, market conditions or otherwise. As a result, we may not be able to reconfigure our portfolio, including the diversification of our portfolio into the expansion markets, as promptly as desired or as quickly in response to changing economic or other conditions. We may also be unable to consummate dispositions in a timely manner, on attractive terms, or at all. The capitalization rates/disposition yields at which properties may be sold could also be higher than historic rates, thereby reducing our potential proceeds from sale. In some cases, we may also determine that we will not recover the carrying amount of the property upon disposition, potentially causing an impairment charge. This inability to reallocate our capital promptly could negatively affect our financial condition, including our ability to make distributions to our security holders. 
 Competition may prevent us from acquiring properties on favorable terms. 
 We may not be successful in pursuing acquisition and development opportunities. We expect that other real estate investors will compete with us for attractive investment opportunities or may also develop properties in markets where we focus our development and acquisition efforts. We may not be in a position or have the opportunity in the future to make suitable property acquisitions on favorable terms. 
 Operations from new acquisitions, development projects and renovations may fail to perform as expected. 
 We intend to actively acquire, develop and renovate multifamily operating properties as part of our business strategy. Newly acquired, developed or renovated properties may not perform as we expect. We may overestimate the revenue (or underestimate the expenses) that these new or repositioned properties may generate. The occupancy and rental rates at these properties may also fail to meet our expectations for these investments. Land parcels acquired for development may lose significant value prior to the start of construction. Development and renovations are subject to even greater uncertainties and risks due to the complexities and lead time to build or complete these projects. We may also underestimate the costs to complete a development property or to complete a renovation. 
 Additionally, we have and may in the future acquire large portfolios of properties or companies that could increase our size and result in alterations to our capital structure. We may be unable to integrate the operations of newly acquired large portfolios or companies and realize the anticipated synergies and other benefits or do so within the anticipated time frame. 
 Furthermore, we have in the past and may in the future decide to invest in expansion markets outside of our existing established markets by acquiring and/or developing properties in accordance with the Company's long-term investment strategy. Our historical experience in our established markets does not ensure that we will be able to operate successfully in new markets, should we choose to enter them. Entering into new markets may expose us to a variety of risks, including an inability to accurately evaluate local market conditions and local economies, to identify appropriate acquisition and/or development opportunities, to hire and retain key personnel and a lack of familiarity with local governmental regulations. 
 Construction risks on our development projects could affect our profitability. 
 We intend to continue to develop multifamily properties through both wholly owned and joint venture arrangements as part of our business strategy. Development often includes long planning and entitlement timelines, subjecting the projects to changes in market conditions. It can involve complex and costly activities, including significant environmental remediation or construction work in our markets. We have experienced and may continue to experience an increase in costs due to general disruptions that affect the cost of labor and/or materials, such as supply chain disruptions, trade disputes, tariffs, labor unrest, geopolitical conflicts or other factors that create inflationary pressures. We may abandon opportunities that we have already begun to explore for a number of reasons, and as a result, we may fail to recover costs already incurred in exploring those opportunities. We may also be unable to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, occupancy, or other required governmental or third-party permits and authorizations. These and other risks inherent in development projects, including the joint venture risks noted below, could result in increased costs or the delay or abandonment of opportunities. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to risks involved in real estate activity through joint ventures. 
 We currently, and may continue to in the future, develop and acquire properties in joint ventures with unrelated third parties. Joint ventures create risks including the following: 
 The possibility that our partners might refuse or be financially unable to make capital contributions when due or may fail to meet contractual obligations to cover development cost overruns and therefore we may be forced to make contributions to protect our investments; 

These projects generally use mortgage debt (including variable rate constructions loans) to finance their activities at a higher leverage level than how we finance the Company as a whole; 

We may be responsible to our partners for indemnifiable losses; 

Our partners might at any time have business, tax planning or economic goals that are inconsistent with ours; 

Our partners may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our recommendations, instructions or requests; and 

The possibility that our partner is either unable to or unwilling to complete their contractual development activities. 

At times we have entered into agreements providing for joint and several liability with our partners. We have in the past and may in the future choose to guarantee part of or all of certain joint venture debt or to act as a lender to the joint venture itself. We and our respective joint venture partners may each have the right to trigger a buy-sell arrangement that could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partner's interest, at a time or price that is unfavorable to us. Each joint venture agreement is individually negotiated and our ability to operate, finance or dispose of properties and interests in such joint ventures in our sole discretion may be limited to varying degrees depending on the terms of the applicable joint venture agreement. To the extent we have commitments to, on behalf of or are dependent on any such off-balance sheet commitments, or if those commitments or their properties or leases are subject to material contingencies, our liquidity and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 In some instances, our joint venture partners may also have competing interests or objectives that could create conflicts of interest similar to those noted above. These objectives may be contrary to our compliance with the REIT requirements, and our REIT status could be jeopardized if any of our joint ventures do not operate in compliance with those requirements. To the extent our partners do not meet their obligations to us or our joint ventures, or they take actions inconsistent with the interests of the joint venture, it could have a negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition, including distributions to our security holders. 
 We are subject to risks involved in activity through real estate technology and other real estate fund investments. 
 We have entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, real estate technology and other real estate fund investments. Noncontrolling interests and passive investments are inherently risky because we have limited ability to influence business decisions. The managers of such investments have autonomy over the day-to-day operations of the business and may make business, financial or management decisions with which we do not agree or take risks or otherwise act in a manner that does not serve our interests. In addition, the market for the technologies or products these companies are developing are typically in the early stages and may not materialize to the expected scale, causing these companies to abandon, modify or alter their product, service or overall strategy. Further, there is no assurance that these companies can obtain additional capital or resources or generate sufficient cash flow to sustain operations and successfully execute their strategy. The performance of these investments may also rely on the services of a limited number of key individuals, the loss of whom could significantly adversely affect such investments performance. As a result, we may recognize an impairment of our investment or be unable to sell or otherwise monetize any of the investments we have acquired or may acquire in the future. 
 We are subject to risks related to our properties that are subject to ground leases. 
 We have entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, long-term ground leases with respect to assets that may restrict our ability to finance, sell or otherwise transfer our interests in these properties, limit our use and expose us to loss of the properties if such agreements are breached by us or terminated. These restrictions may limit our ability to timely sell or exchange the properties, impair the properties value or negatively impact our ability to operate the properties. In addition, as we get closer to the lease termination dates, the values of the properties could decrease if we are unable to agree upon an extension of the lease with the lessor. Certain of these ground leases have payments subject to annual escalations and/or periodic fair market value adjustments which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We face certain risks related to our Non-Residential operating activities. 
 The Non-Residential space (includes retail and public parking garage operations) at our properties primarily serves as an additional amenity for our residents and neighbors. The longer-term nature of our Non-Residential leases (generally five to ten years with market based renewal options) and the characteristics of many of our Non-Residential tenants (generally small, local businesses) may subject us to certain risks. We may not be able to lease new space for rents that are consistent with our projections or for market rates. Also, when leases for our existing Non-Residential space expire, the space may not be relet or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than the current lease terms. The presence of competitive alternatives and other market conditions (including online shopping) may affect our ability to lease our Non-Residential space and impact the level of rents we can obtain. If our Non-Residential tenants experience financial distress or bankruptcy, they may fail to comply with their contractual obligations, seek concessions, such as rent abatements and deferrals, in order to continue operations or cease their operations, any or all of which could lead us to record a non-cash write-off of a tenant's straight-line rent receivable (like we did in 2023 due to the Rite Aid bankruptcy) and could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The Company s real estate assets may be subject to impairment charges. 
 A decline in the fair value of our assets may require us to recognize an impairment against our assets under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP if we were to determine that, with respect to any assets in unrealized loss positions, we do not have the ability and intent to hold such assets for a period of time sufficient to allow for recovery of the depreciated cost of such assets. If such a determination were to be made, we would recognize unrealized losses through earnings and write-down the depreciated cost of such assets to a new cost basis, based on the fair value of such assets on the date they are considered to be impaired. Such impairment charges reflect non-cash losses at the time of recognition; subsequent disposition or sale of such assets could further affect our future losses or gains, as they are based on the difference between the sale price received and adjusted depreciated cost of such assets at the time of sale. If we are required to recognize material asset impairment charges, these charges could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Corporate responsibility, specifically related to sustainability efforts, may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. 
 Corporate responsibility evaluations remain highly important to some investors and other stakeholders. Certain organizations that provide corporate governance and other corporate risk advisory services to investors have developed scores and ratings to evaluate companies and investment funds based upon corporate responsibility metrics. Many investors focus on positive corporate responsibility-related business practices and scores when choosing to allocate their capital and may consider a company's score as a reputational or other factor in making an investment decision. Government regulators' and investors' increased focus and activism related to corporate responsibility and similar matters may constrain our business operations or increase expenses or capital expenditures. In addition, investors may decide to refrain from investing in us as a result of their assessment of our approach to and consideration of corporate responsibility factors. We may face reputational damage in the event our corporate responsibility procedures or standards do not meet the standards set by various constituencies. In addition, the criteria by which companies are rated for their efforts may change, which could cause us to receive lower scores than in previous years. A low rating could result in a negative perception of the Company, exclusion of our securities from consideration by certain investors who may elect to invest with our competition instead and/or cause investors to reallocate their capital away from the Company, all of which could have an adverse impact on the price of our securities. 
 Our various technology-related initiatives to improve our operating margins and customer experience may fail to perform as expected. 
 We have developed and may continue to develop initiatives that are intended to serve our customers better and operate more efficiently, including smart home technology and self-service options that are accessible to residents through smart devices or otherwise. Such initiatives have involved and may involve our employees having new or different responsibilities and processes with which they may be unfamiliar. We may incur significant costs and divert resources in connection with such initiatives, and these initiatives may not perform as expected, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to our Financing Strategy and Capital Structure 
 Disruptions in the financial markets could hinder our ability to obtain debt and equity financing and impact our acquisitions and dispositions. 
 Dislocations and disruptions in capital markets could result in increased costs or lack of availability of debt financing (including under our commercial paper program) and equity financing. Such events may affect our ability to refinance existing debt, require us to 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 utilize higher cost alternatives and/or impair our ability to adjust to changing economic and business conditions. Capital market disruptions have and could continue to negatively impact our ability to make acquisitions or make it more difficult or not possible for us to sell properties or may unfavorably affect the price we receive for properties that we do sell. Such disruptions could cause the price of our securities to decline. 
 Changes in market conditions and volatility of share prices could decrease the market price of our Common Shares. 
 The stock markets, including the New York Stock Exchange on which we list our Common Shares, have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations over time, including in recent years. As a result, the market price of our Common Shares has been and could continue to be similarly volatile. Investors in our Common Shares consequently may experience a decrease in the value of their shares, including decreases due to this volatility and not necessarily related to our operating performance or prospects. Additionally, the market price of our Common Shares may decline or fluctuate significantly in response to the sale of substantial amounts of our Common Shares, or the anticipation of the sale of such shares, by large holders of our securities, as well as our inclusion or exclusion from stock indices. The issuance of additional Common Shares by the Company, or the perception that such issuances might occur, could also cause significant volatility and decreases in the value of our shares. Continuing high interest rates can also negatively impact the value of our Common Shares, not just through higher interest expense on our debt, but also as investors and markets discount our earnings more and/or assume slower growth in earnings. 
 Our financial counterparties may not perform their obligations. 
 Disruptions in financial and credit markets or other events could impair the ability of our counterparties to perform under their contractual obligations to us. There are multiple financial institutions that are individually committed to provide borrowings under our revolving credit facility and to pay us amounts due under various interest rate derivative agreements. Should any of these institutions fail to perform their obligations when contractually required, our financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Rising interest rates can increase costs and impact the value of the Company s assets. 
 The Company is exposed to market risk from financial instruments primarily from changes in market interest rates. Such risks derive from the refinancing of debt at or prior to maturity, from exposure to interest rate fluctuations on floating rate debt and from derivative instruments utilized to swap fixed rate debt to floating rates or to hedge rates in anticipation of future debt issuances. Rising interest rates increased and may continue to increase our interest expense and the costs of refinancing existing debt. Higher interest rates also increased and could continue to increase capitalization rates, which may lead to reduced valuations of the Company s assets. 
 Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 From time to time when we anticipate issuing debt securities, we may seek to limit our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates during the period prior to the pricing of the securities by entering into interest rate hedging contracts. Also, from time to time we may rely on interest rate hedging contracts to limit our exposure under variable rate debt to unfavorable changes in market interest rates. The settlement of interest rate hedging contracts may involve material charges. In addition, our use of interest rate hedging arrangements may expose us to additional risks, including a risk that a counterparty to a hedging arrangement may default on the contract. There can be no assurance that our hedging activities will be effective and have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Insufficient cash flow could affect our ability to service existing debt and create refinancing risk. 
 We are subject to risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow will be insufficient to meet required payments. We may not be able to refinance existing debt and if we can, the terms of such refinancing may be less favorable than the terms of existing indebtedness. Our inability to refinance, extend or repay debt with proceeds from other capital market transactions would negatively impact our financial condition. If the debt is secured, the mortgage holder may also foreclose on the property. 
 A significant downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect our performance. 
 A significant downgrade in our credit ratings, while not affecting our ability to draw proceeds under the Company s revolving credit facility, would cause the corresponding borrowing costs to increase, impact our ability to borrow secured and unsecured debt, and potentially impair our ability to access the commercial paper market or otherwise limit our access to capital. In addition, a downgrade below investment grade would likely cause us to lose access to the commercial paper markets and would require us to post cash collateral and/or letters of credit in favor of some of our secured lenders to cover our self-insured property and liability insurance deductibles or to obtain lower deductible insurance compliant with the lenders requirements at the lower ratings level. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Financial covenants could limit operational flexibility and affect our overall financial position. 
 The terms of our credit agreements, including our revolving credit facility and the indentures under which a substantial portion of our unsecured debt was issued, require us to comply with a number of financial covenants. These covenants may limit our flexibility to run our business and breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness and trigger a cross default of other debt. 
 Some of our properties are financed with tax-exempt bonds or otherwise contain restrictive covenants or deed restrictions, including affordability requirements, which limit income from certain properties. The Company monitors compliance with the restrictive covenants and deed restrictions that affect these properties. While we generally believe that the interest rate benefit from financing properties with tax-exempt bonds more than outweighs any loss of income due to restrictive covenants or deed restrictions, this may not always be the case. Some of these requirements are complex, and our failure to comply with them may subject us to material fines or liabilities. 
 We may change the dividend policy for our securities in the future. 
 The decision to declare and pay dividends on our securities, as well as the timing, amount and composition of any such future dividends, is at the discretion of the Board of Trustees and will depend on actual and projected financial conditions, the Company s actual and projected liquidity and operating results, the Company s projected cash needs for capital expenditures and other investment activities and such other factors as the Company s Board of Trustees deems relevant. The Board of Trustees may modify our dividend policy from time to time and any change in our dividend policy could negatively impact the market price of our securities. 
 Issuances or sales of our Common Shares or Units may be dilutive. 
 Any additional issuance of Common Shares (including those issued under our At-The-Market ("ATM") program) or Units would reduce the percentage of our Common Shares and Units owned by existing investors. In most circumstances, shareholders and unitholders will not be entitled to vote on whether or not we issue additional Common Shares or Units. In addition, depending on the terms and pricing of additional offerings of our Common Shares or Units along with the value of our properties, our shareholders and unitholders could experience dilution in both the book value and fair value of their Common Shares or Units, as well as dilution in our actual and expected earnings per share, funds from operations FFO per share and Normalized FFO per share. 
 Regulatory and Tax Risks 
 The adoption of, or changes in, rent control or rent stabilization regulations and eviction restrictions could have an adverse effect on our operations and property values. 
 In part due to increasing pressure from advocacy groups, a growing number of state and local governments have enacted and may continue to consider enacting and/or expanding rent control, rent stabilization, eviction moratoriums or other similar regulations. In addition, the federal government has recently considered imposing rent regulations on multifamily properties secured by government-sponsored debt. These regulations specifically and/or effectively limit or could continue to limit our ability to raise rents or charge certain fees (either of which could have a retroactive effect), enforce residents or tenants contractual rent obligations or pursue collections, all of which could have an adverse impact on our operations and property values. 
 Compliance or failure to comply with regulatory requirements could result in substantial costs. 
 Our properties are subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as state and local fire and life safety requirements, building and zoning codes, environmental and other related regulations, and federal, state and local accessibility requirements, including and in addition to those imposed by the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Fair Housing Act. Noncompliance could result in fines, subject us to lawsuits and require us to remediate or repair the noncompliance. Existing requirements could change and compliance with future requirements may require significant unanticipated expenditures that could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Environmental problems are possible and can be costly. 
 Federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may require current or previous owners or operators of real estate to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances at such properties. The owner or operator may have to pay a governmental entity or third parties for property damage and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred by such parties in connection with the contamination. These laws typically impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants. Even if more than one person may have been responsible for the contamination, each person covered by the environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up costs incurred. Third parties may also sue the owner or operator of a site for damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 that site. We cannot be assured that existing environmental assessments of our properties reveal all environmental liabilities, that any prior owner of any of our properties did not create a material environmental condition not known to us, or that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist as to any of our properties. 
 Changes in U.S. accounting standards may materially and adversely affect the reporting of our operations. 
 The Company follows GAAP, which is established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), an independent body whose standards are recognized by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC as authoritative for publicly held companies. The FASB and the SEC create and interpret accounting standards and may issue new accounting pronouncements or change the interpretation and application of these standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes could have a material impact on our reported consolidated results of operations and financial position. 
 Any weaknesses identified in our internal control over financial reporting could result in a decrease of our share price. 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate and report on our internal control over financial reporting. If we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which in turn could have a negative impact on our share price. 
 Our failure to qualify as a REIT would have serious adverse consequences to our security holders. 
 We plan to continue to meet the requirements for taxation as a REIT. Many of these requirements, for which there is limited judicial and administrative interpretation, however, are highly technical and complex. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that we have qualified or will qualify as a REIT in the future. The determination that we are a REIT requires an analysis of various factual matters that may not be totally within our control. To qualify as a REIT, our assets must be substantially comprised of real estate assets as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and related guidance and our gross income must generally come from rental and other real estate or passive related sources that are itemized in the REIT tax laws. We are also required to distribute to security holders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income excluding net capital gains. 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates and would have to pay significant income taxes unless the Internal Revenue Service IRS granted us relief under certain statutory provisions. In addition, we would remain disqualified from taxation as a REIT for four years following the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. We would therefore have less money available for investments or for distributions to security holders and would no longer be required to make distributions to security holders. This would likely have a significant negative impact on the value of our securities. 
 In addition, certain of our subsidiary entities have elected to be taxed as REITs. As such, each must separately satisfy all of the requirements to qualify for REIT status. If a subsidiary REIT did not satisfy such requirements, and certain relief provisions did not apply, it would be taxed as a regular corporation and its income would be subject to U.S. federal income taxation. Failure to comply with these complex REIT rules at the subsidiary REIT level can have a material and detrimental impact to EQR s REIT status. 
 
 Gain on disposition of assets held for sale in the ordinary course of business is subject to 100 tax. 
 Any gain resulting from transfers of properties we hold as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business is treated as income from a prohibited transaction subject to a 100 penalty tax unless certain safe harbor exceptions set forth in the Code apply. We do not believe that our transfers or disposals of property are prohibited transactions. However, whether property is held for investment purposes is a question that depends on all the facts and circumstances surrounding the particular transaction. The IRS may contend that certain transfers or dispositions of properties by us or contributions of properties are prohibited transactions. While we believe the IRS would not prevail in any such dispute, if the IRS were to argue successfully that a transfer or disposition of property constituted a prohibited transaction, we would be required to pay a 100 penalty tax on any gain allocable to us from the prohibited transaction. In addition, income from a prohibited transaction might adversely affect our ability to satisfy the income tests for qualification as a REIT. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 We may be subject to legislative or regulatory tax changes that could negatively impact our financial condition. 
 At any time, U.S. federal income tax laws governing REITs or impacting real estate or the administrative interpretations of those laws may be enacted or amended. We cannot predict if or when any new U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing U.S. federal income tax law, IRS and U.S. Department of Treasury regulations or other administrative guidance, will be adopted or become effective and any such law, regulation or interpretation may take effect retroactively. The Company and our shareholders could be negatively impacted by any such change in, or any new, U.S. federal income tax law, regulations or administrative guidance. 
 Distribution requirements may limit our flexibility to manage our portfolio. 
 In order to maintain qualification as a REIT under the Code, a REIT must annually distribute to its shareholders at least 90 of its REIT taxable income, excluding the dividends paid deduction and net capital gains. To the extent the REIT does not distribute all of its net capital gain, or distributes at least 90 , but less than 100 of its REIT taxable income, it will be required to pay regular U.S. federal income tax on the undistributed amount at corporate rates. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on amounts, if any, by which distributions we pay in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income, 95 of our net capital gains and 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. We may not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to meet the 90 distribution requirement. We may be required from time to time, under certain circumstances, to accrue as income for tax purposes interest and rent earned but not yet received. We may incur a reduction in tax depreciation without a reduction in capital expenditures. Difficulties in meeting the 90 distribution requirement might arise due to competing demands for our funds or due to timing differences between tax reporting and cash distributions, because deductions may be disallowed, income may be reported before cash is received, expenses may have to be paid before a deduction is allowed or because the IRS may make a determination that adjusts reported income. In addition, gain from the sale of property may exceed the amount of cash received on a leverage-neutral basis. A substantial increase to our taxable income may reduce the flexibility of the Company to manage its portfolio through dispositions of properties other than through tax deferred transactions, such as Section 1031 exchanges, or cause the Company to borrow funds or liquidate investments on unfavorable terms in order to meet these distribution requirements. If we do not dispose of our properties through tax deferred transactions, we may be required to distribute the gain proceeds to shareholders or pay income tax. If we fail to satisfy the 90 distribution requirement and are unable to cure the deficiency, we would cease to be taxed as a REIT, resulting in substantial tax-related liabilities. 
 We have a share ownership limit for REIT tax purposes. 
 To remain qualified as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, not more than 50 in value of our outstanding Shares may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of any year. To facilitate maintenance of our REIT qualification, our Declaration of Trust, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits ownership by any single shareholder of more than five percent of the lesser of the number or value of any outstanding class of common or preferred shares (the Ownership Limit ). Absent an exemption or waiver granted by our Board of Trustees, securities acquired or held in violation of the Ownership Limit will be transferred to a trust for the exclusive benefit of a designated charitable beneficiary, and the security holder s rights to distributions and to vote would terminate. A transfer of Shares may automatically be deemed void if it causes a person to violate the Ownership Limit. The Ownership Limit could delay or prevent a change in control and, therefore, could affect our security holders ability to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price for their Shares. To reduce the ability of the Board to use the Ownership Limit as an anti-takeover device, the Company s Ownership Limit requires, rather than permits, the Board to grant a waiver of the Ownership Limit if the individual seeking a waiver demonstrates that such ownership would not jeopardize the Company s status as a REIT. 
 Tax elections regarding distributions may impact future liquidity of the Company or our shareholders. 
 Under certain circumstances we have made and/or may consider making in the future, a tax election to treat certain distributions to shareholders made after the close of a taxable year as having been distributed during such closed taxable year. This election, which is provided for in the Code, may allow us to avoid increasing our dividends or paying additional income taxes in the current year. However, this could result in a constraint on our ability to decrease our dividends in future years without creating risk of either violating the REIT distribution requirements or generating additional income tax liability. In addition, the Company may be required to pay interest to the IRS based on such a distribution. 
 In order to retain liquidity and continue to satisfy the REIT distribution requirements, the Company could issue shares rather than pay a dividend entirely in cash to shareholders. The IRS has published several rulings which have allowed REITs to offer shareholders the choice between shares or cash as a form of payment of a dividend (an elective stock dividend ). However, REITs are generally required to structure the cash component to be no less than 20 of the total dividend paid. Therefore, it is possible that the total tax burden to shareholders resulting from an elective stock dividend may exceed the amount of cash received by the shareholder. 
 Inapplicability of Maryland law limiting certain changes in control. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law applicable to REITs prohibit business combinations (including certain issuances of equity securities) with any person who beneficially owns ten percent or more of the voting power of outstanding securities, or with an affiliate 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of ten percent or more of the voting power of the Company s outstanding voting securities (an Interested Shareholder ), or with an affiliate of an Interested Shareholder. These prohibitions last for five years after the most recent date on which the Interested Shareholder became an Interested Shareholder. After the five-year period, a business combination with an Interested Shareholder must be approved by two super-majority shareholder votes unless, among other conditions, holders of common shares receive a minimum price for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the Interested Shareholder for its common shares. As permitted by Maryland law, however, the Board of Trustees of the Company has opted out of these restrictions with respect to any business combination involving certain of Samuel Zell's affiliates and persons acting in concert with them. Consequently, the five-year prohibition and the super-majority vote requirements will not apply to a business combination involving us and/or any of them. Such business combinations may not be in the best interest of our security holders. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Risk of Pandemics or Other Health Crises. 
 Pandemics, epidemics or other health crises have and could in the future disrupt our business. Both global and locally targeted health events could materially affect areas where our properties, corporate/regional offices or major service providers are located. These events have and could in the future have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity in a number of ways, including, but not limited to: 
 The deterioration of global economic conditions as a result of such a crisis could ultimately decrease occupancy levels and pricing across our portfolio and/or increase concessions, reduce or defer our residents spending, result in changes in resident preferences (including changes resulting from increased employer flexibility to work from home) or negatively impact our residents and tenants ability to pay their rent on time or at all; 

Local and national authorities expanding or extending certain measures that impose restrictions on our ability to enforce residents or tenants contractual rental obligations (such as eviction moratoriums or rental forgiveness) and limit our ability to raise rents or charge certain fees; 

The risk of a prolonged outbreak and/or multiple waves of an outbreak could cause long-term damage to economic conditions, which in turn could diminish our access to capital at attractive terms and/or cause material declines in the fair value of our assets, leading to asset impairment charges; and 

The potential inability to maintain adequate staffing at our properties and corporate/regional offices due to an outbreak and/or changes in employee preferences causing them to leave their jobs. 

To the extent a pandemic, epidemic or other health crisis adversely affects our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, it may also continue to heighten many of the other risks described elsewhere in this Item 1A, Risk Factors . 
 Significant inflation could negatively impact our business. 
 Substantial inflationary pressures can adversely affect us by disproportionately increasing the costs of land, materials, labor and other costs needed to operate our business. In a highly inflationary environment, we may not be able to raise rental rates at or above the rate of inflation, which could reduce our profit margins. If we are unable to increase our rental prices to offset the effects of inflation, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition, interest rate increases enacted to combat inflation have caused market disruption and could continue to prevent us from acquiring or disposing of assets on favorable terms or at all. 
 The occurrence of cyber incidents, or a deficiency in our cybersecurity, could negatively impact our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, and/or damage to our reputation and business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our financial results. 
 A cybersecurity incident is an unauthorized occurrence, or a series of related unauthorized occurrences, on or conducted through the Company's information systems that jeopardizes the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our information systems or any information residing therein. These events can include gaining unauthorized access to systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal confidential information, including information regarding our residents, prospective residents, employees and employees dependents. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures, required employee awareness training and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our internal information technology systems, our systems and systems maintained by third-party vendors with which we do business are vulnerable to damage from any number of sources. We face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber attacks or cyber intrusions over the Internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to emails, phishing attempts, social engineering, ransomware or other scams, persons inside our organization or persons/vendors with access to our systems and other significant disruptions of our information technology networks and related systems, including property infrastructure. These risks have increased due to increased reliance on remote working and other electronic interactions with our current and prospective residents. Our information technology networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations. We use these systems to manage our resident and vendor relationships, internal communications, accounting and record-keeping systems and many other key aspects of our business. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks, which also depend on the strength of our procedures and the effectiveness of our internal controls as well as those of vendors with whom we do business. Even the most well-protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. 
 We may periodically collect and store personally identifiable information of our residents and prospective residents in connection with our leasing activities, and we may collect and store personally identifiable information of our employees and their dependents. In addition, we often engage third-party service providers that may have access to such personally identifiable information in connection with providing necessary information technology, security and other business services to us. Despite the fact that we monitor and perform a comprehensive review of businesses that we contract with that represent a cybersecurity risk to the organization, the systems of these third-party service providers may contain defects in design or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise personally identifiable information. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our information technology networks and those of our third-party providers and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. 
 A breach or significant and extended disruption in the function of our systems, including our primary website, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose residents and revenues, result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, generate third-party claims, result in the unintended and/or unauthorized public disclosure or the misappropriation of proprietary, personally identifiable and confidential information and require us to incur significant expenses to address and remediate or otherwise resolve these kinds of issues. We may not be able to recover these expenses in whole or in any part from our service providers, our insurers or any other responsible parties. As a result, there can be no assurance that our financial results would not be negatively impacted. 
 We are also subject to laws, rules, and regulations in the United States, such as the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), relating to the collection, use, and security of resident, customer, employee and other data. Evolving compliance and operational requirements under the CPRA and the privacy laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate may impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time. Our failure to comply with laws, rules and regulations related to privacy and data protection could harm our business or reputation or subject us to fines and penalties. 
 Our business and operations rely on specialized information technology systems, the failure of or inadequacy of which could impact our business. 
 Our ability to identify, implement and maintain appropriate information technology systems differentiates and creates competitive advantages for us in the operations of our business. These systems often are developed and hosted by third-party vendors whom we rely upon for ongoing maintenance, upgrades and enhancements. While we maintain a rigorous process around selecting appropriate information technology systems and partnering with vendors, our failure to adequately do so could negatively impact our operations and competitive position. 
 Our approach to artificial intelligence may not be successful and could adversely affect our business. 
 We have incorporated and may continue to incorporate the use of generative artificial intelligence ("AI") within our business, and these solutions and features may become more important to our operations or to our future growth over time. Our research and development of AI remains ongoing. There can be no assurance that we will realize the desired or anticipated benefits, or any benefits, and we may fail to properly implement such technology. AI presents risks, challenges and unintended consequences that could affect our adoption and use of this technology. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI in their business operations more quickly or more successfully than we do, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our results of 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 operations. Additionally, the complex and rapidly evolving landscape around AI may expose us to claims, demands and proceedings by private parties and regulatory authorities and subject us to legal liability as well as reputational harm. 
 We depend on our key personnel. 
 We depend on the efforts of our trustees and executive officers. If one or more of them resign or otherwise cease to be employed by us, our business and results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Litigation risk could affect our business. 
 We are involved and may continue to be involved in legal proceedings, claims, class actions, inquiries and governmental investigations in the ordinary course of business. These legal proceedings may include, but are not limited to, proceedings related to consumer, shareholder, securities, antitrust, employment, environmental, development, condominium conversion, tort, eviction and commercial legal issues. Litigation can be lengthy and expensive, and it can divert management's attention and resources. Results cannot be predicted with certainty, and an unfavorable outcome in litigation could result in liability material to our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Insurance policies can be costly and may not cover all losses, which may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 The Company s property, general liability and workers compensation insurance policies provide coverage with substantial per occurrence deductibles and/or self-insured retentions. These self-insurance retentions can be a material portion of insurance losses in excess of the base deductibles. While the Company has previously purchased incremental insurance coverage in the event of multiple non-catastrophic occurrences within the same policy year, these substantial deductible and self-insured retention amounts do expose the Company to greater potential for uninsured losses and this additional coverage may not be available at all or on commercially reasonable terms in the future. We believe the policy specifications and insured limits of these policies are adequate and appropriate; however, we may not always be able to place the desired amount of third-party coverage due to a significant increase in insurance premiums and deductibles or a decrease in the availability of coverage, a combination of which have exposed and could further expose the Company to uninsured losses. As a result, our financial results could be adversely affected and may vary significantly from period to period. 
 The Company relies on third-party insurance providers for its property, general liability, workers compensation and other insurance, and should any of them experience liquidity issues or other financial distress, it could negatively impact their ability to pay claims under the Company s policies. 
 Earthquake risk: Our policies insuring against earthquake losses have substantial deductibles which are applied to the values of the buildings involved in the loss. With the geographic concentration of our properties, a single earthquake affecting a market may have a significant negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure that an earthquake would not cause damage or losses greater than insured levels. In the event of a loss in excess of insured limits, we could lose our capital invested in the affected property or market, as well as anticipated future revenue. 
 Terrorism risk: The Company has terrorism insurance coverage which excludes losses from nuclear, biological and chemical attacks. In the event of a terrorist attack impacting one or more of our properties, we could lose the revenues from the property, our capital investment in the property and possibly face liability claims from residents or others suffering injuries or losses. 
 Catastrophic weather and natural disaster risk: Our properties may be located in areas that could experience catastrophic weather and other natural disasters from time to time, including wildfires, snow or ice storms, hail, windstorms or hurricanes, drought, flooding or other severe disasters. These severe weather and natural disasters could cause substantial damages or losses to our properties which may not be covered or could exceed our insurance coverage. Exposure to this risk could also result in a decrease in demand for properties located in these areas or affected by these conditions. 
 Climate change risk: To the extent that significant changes in the climate occur in areas where our properties are located, we may experience severe weather, which may result in physical damage to or decrease the demand for properties located in these areas or affected by these conditions. Should the impact of climate change be material in nature, significant property damage or destruction of our properties could result. Our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, changes in federal, state and local legislation and regulation based on concerns about climate change could adversely impact the value of our properties or result in increased capital expenditures or operating expenses on our existing properties and our new development properties. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Provisions of our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws could inhibit changes in control. 
 Certain provisions of our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws may delay or prevent a change in control of the Company or other transactions that could provide the security holders with a premium over the then-prevailing market price of their securities or which might otherwise be in the best interest of our security holders. This includes the Ownership Limit described above. While our existing preferred shares/preference units do not have all of these provisions, any future series of preferred shares/preference units may have certain voting provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control or other transactions that might otherwise be in the interest of our security holders. Our Bylaws require certain information to be provided by any security holder, or persons acting in concert with such security holder, who proposes business or a nominee at an annual meeting of shareholders, including disclosure of information related to hedging activities and investment strategies with respect to our securities. These requirements could delay or prevent a change in control or other transactions that might otherwise be in the interest of our security holders. The Board of Trustees may use its powers to issue preferred shares and to set the terms of such securities to delay or prevent a change in control of the Company even if a change in control were in the interest of the security holders. 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments 
 None. 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 Risk management and strategy 
 We have an enterprise-wide information security program designed to protect our information systems from cybersecurity threats. We identify and assess risks from cybersecurity threats by monitoring and evaluating our digital assets and our risk profile using various methods. We monitor security events that are internally discovered or externally reported that may affect our systems and have processes and procedures to assess those events for potential cybersecurity impact or risk and consequently improve our security measures and planning. Additionally, we work with third parties from time to time that assist us in refining our cybersecurity risk strategy in order to identify, assess and manage cybersecurity risks, including professional services firms and consulting firms. We seek to detect and investigate unauthorized attempts and attacks against our network and services, and to minimize their occurrence and recurrence through changes or updates to our internal processes and tools and changes or updates to our services; however, we remain potentially vulnerable to known or unknown threats. 
 Our cybersecurity incident response processes are designed to escalate certain cybersecurity events to members of management depending on the circumstances. Key members of management, including representatives from IT, operations, legal, finance, risk management and internal audit, serve on the Company s senior security incident response team to help the Company mitigate and remediate cybersecurity incidents of which they are notified, and certain cybersecurity incidents are escalated to the Company s executives. In addition, the Company s incident response processes include potential reporting to the Audit Committee of our Board of Trustees for certain cybersecurity incidents. 
 We also have a third-party risk management program in place to manage cybersecurity risks associated with third-party service providers. While we do maintain processes and procedures to identify, prioritize and assess risks associated with third-party service providers, we must rely on third parties to augment our security program, and we cannot ensure in all circumstances that their efforts will be successful. 
 While to date we have not experienced a cybersecurity threat or incident that resulted in a material adverse impact to our business or operations, there can be no guarantee that we will not experience such an incident in the future. Any significant disruption to our systems could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Further, a cyber incident impacting our systems or a third-party s systems could subject us to business, regulatory, litigation and reputational risk, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Notwithstanding the extensive approach we take to cybersecurity, we may not be successful in preventing or mitigating a cybersecurity incident that could have a material adverse effect on us. While we maintain cybersecurity insurance, the costs related to cybersecurity threats or disruptions may not be fully insured. See Item 1A, Risk Factors , for a discussion of cybersecurity risks. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Governance 
 Our Information Technology Security Team, under the oversight of our Senior Vice President of IT and the leadership of our VP of IT Infrastructure and Security, is responsible for our overall information security strategy, policy, security engineering, operations and cyber threat detection and response. The Information Technology Security Team manages and continually enhances a robust enterprise security structure with the ultimate goal of minimizing cybersecurity incidents to the extent feasible, while simultaneously increasing our system resilience in an effort to minimize the business impact should an incident occur. Our Information Technology Security Team possesses decades of experience in navigating cybersecurity threats and mitigating associated risks as a result of holding similar positions at other large companies. Most members of the team hold degrees in cybersecurity and/or related disciplines, have cybersecurity certifications such as Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) and/or periodically attend various cyber-focused conferences and training programs. Specifically, our Senior Vice President of IT and our VP of IT Infrastructure and Security combined have over 30 years of technology and cybersecurity experience. The team provides regular reports to senior management and affected departments on various cybersecurity threats, assessments and findings. 
 The Audit Committee of our Board of Trustees oversees our annual enterprise risk management assessment, where we assess key risks within the Company, including security and technology risks and cybersecurity threats. The Audit Committee oversees our ongoing cybersecurity risk management efforts and regularly receives detailed reports from representatives of our Information Technology Security Team addressing a wide range of related topics. At least annually, our IT leadership (and external cybersecurity experts if applicable) reviews key cybersecurity strategies and policies with the full Board of Trustees, including risk assessments, mitigation strategies, areas of emerging risks, incidents and industry trends and other areas of importance. 
 Item 2. P roperties 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company, directly or indirectly through investments in title holding entities, owned all or a portion of 302 properties located in 10 states and the District of Columbia consisting of 80,191 apartment units. See Item 1, Business , for additional information regarding the Company s properties and the markets/metro areas upon which we are focused. The Company s properties are summarized by building type in the following table: 

Type 
 
 Properties 

Apartment Units 

Average Apartment Units 

Garden 

90 

24,553 

273 

Mid/High-Rise 

212 

55,638 

262 

302 

80,191 

266 

Garden is generally defined as properties with two and/or three story buildings while mid/high-rise is generally defined as properties with greater than three story buildings. These two property types typically provide residents with amenities, such as rooftop decks and swimming pools, fitness centers and community rooms. In addition, many of our urban properties have non-residential components, such as parking garages and/or retail spaces. 
 The Company s properties are summarized by ownership type in the following table: 

Properties 

Apartment Units 

Wholly Owned Properties 

288 

77,131 

Partially Owned Properties Consolidated 

14 

3,060 

302 

80,191 

24 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth certain information by market relating to the Company s properties at December 31, 2023: 

Portfolio Summary 

Markets/Metro Areas 
 
 Properties 

Apartment Units 

of Stabilized Budgeted NOI (1) 

Average Rental Rate (2) 

Established Markets: 

Los Angeles 

58 

14,732 

17.1 

2,929 

Orange County 

13 

4,028 

5.4 

2,873 

San Diego 

12 

2,878 

4.0 

3,108 

Subtotal Southern California 

83 

21,638 

26.5 

2,942 

Washington, D.C. 

48 

15,028 

16.3 

2,657 

San Francisco 

43 

11,667 

15.4 

3,303 

New York 

34 

8,536 

14.1 

4,566 

Boston 

27 

7,170 

11.8 

3,574 

Seattle 

44 

9,267 

10.4 

2,561 

Subtotal Established Markets 

279 

73,306 

94.5 

3,145 

Expansion Markets: 

Denver 

9 

2,792 

2.8 

2,411 

Atlanta 

7 

2,111 

1.6 

2,169 

Dallas/Ft. Worth 

4 

1,241 

0.7 

1,935 

Austin 

3 

741 

0.4 

1,819 

Subtotal Expansion Markets 

23 

6,885 

5.5 

2,188 

Total 

302 

80,191 

100.0 

3,063 

Note: Projects under development are not included in the Portfolio Summary until construction has been completed. 
 (1) of Stabilized Budgeted NOI - Represents original budgeted 2024 NOI for stabilized properties and projected annual NOI at stabilization (defined as having achieved 90 occupancy for three consecutive months) for properties that are in lease-up. 

(2) Average Rental Rate - Total Residential rental revenues reflected on a straight-line basis in accordance with GAAP divided by the weighted average occupied apartment units for the reporting period presented. 

The following tables provide a rollforward of the apartment units included in Same Store Properties (please refer to the Definitions section in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and a reconciliation of apartment units included in Same Store Properties to those included in Total Properties for the year ended December 31, 2023: 

Year Ended December 31, 2023 

Properties 

Apartment Units 

Same Store Properties at December 31, 2022 

283 

72,872 

2021 acquisitions 

16 

4,326 

2023 dispositions 

(11) 

(912) 

Other 

11 

Same Store Properties at December 31, 2023 

288 

76,297 

Year Ended December 31, 2023 

Properties 

Apartment Units 

Same Store 

288 

76,297 

Non-Same Store: 

2023 acquisitions 

4 

1,183 

2022 acquisitions 

1 

172 

2021 acquisitions not yet stabilized 

1 

421 

Properties removed from same store (1) 

2 

819 

Lease-up properties not yet stabilized (2) 

5 

1,298 

Other 

1 

1 

Total Non-Same Store 

14 

3,894 

Total Properties and Apartment Units 

302 

80,191 

25 

Table of Contents 

 Note: Properties are considered stabilized when they have achieved 90 occupancy for three consecutive months. Properties are included in same store when they are stabilized for all of the current and comparable periods presented. 
 (1) Consists of two properties which were removed from the same store portfolio as discussed further below: 

a. Laguna Clara located in Santa Clara, CA containing 222 apartment units was removed from the same store portfolio in the second quarter of 2022 due to a major renovation and redevelopment project, including the demolition of 42 apartment units. As of December 31, 2023, the property had a Physical Occupancy of 67.4 . This property will not return to the same store portfolio until it is stabilized for all of the current and comparable periods presented. 

b. Pearl MDR located in Marina Del Rey, CA containing 597 apartment units was removed from the same store portfolio in the third quarter of 2022 due to a large scale re-piping and renovation project in which significant portions of the property are being taken offline for extended time periods. As of December 31, 2023, the property had a Physical Occupancy of 64.5 . This property will not return to the same store portfolio until it is stabilized for all of the current and comparable periods presented. 

(2) Consists of properties in various stages of lease-up and properties where lease-up has been completed but the properties were not stabilized for the comparable periods presented. Also includes one former third-party master-leased property that was not stabilized. 

For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company s same store Physical Occupancy was 95.9 and its total portfolio-wide Physical Occupancy, which includes completed development properties in various stages of lease-up, was 95.4 . Certain of the Company s properties are encumbered by mortgages and additional detail can be found on Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation. 
 The properties in various stages of development and lease-up at December 31, 2023 are included in the following table: 

Development and Lease-Up Projects as of December 31, 2023 

(Amounts in thousands except for project and apartment unit amounts) 

Estimated/Actual 

Projects 
 
 Location 
 
 Ownership Percentage 
 
 No. of Apartment Units 

Total Budgeted Capital Cost (1) 

Total Book Value to Date 

Total Debt (2) 

Percentage Completed 
 
 Start Date 
 
 Initial Occupancy 
 
 Completion Date 
 
 Stabilization Date 
 
 Percentage Leased / Occupied 

CONSOLIDATED: 

Projects Under Development: 

Laguna Clara II 
 
 Santa Clara, CA 
 
 100 

225 

152,621 

78,036 

53 
 
 Q2 2022 
 
 Q4 2024 
 
 Q1 2025 
 
 Q4 2025 
 
 / 

Projects Under Development - Consolidated 

225 

152,621 

78,036 

Projects Completed Not Stabilized: 

Reverb (fka 9th and W) (3) 
 
 Washington, D.C. 
 
 92 

312 

108,027 

104,651 

100 
 
 Q3 2021 
 
 Q2 2023 
 
 Q2 2023 
 
 Q3 2024 
 
 82 / 79 

Projects Completed Not Stabilized - Consolidated 

312 

108,027 

104,651 

UNCONSOLIDATED: 

Projects Under Development: 

Alloy Sunnyside (4) 
 
 Denver, CO 
 
 80 

209 

70,004 

62,071 

27,304 

94 
 
 Q3 2021 
 
 Q2 2024 
 
 Q2 2024 
 
 Q1 2025 
 
 / 

Alexan Harrison (4) 
 
 Harrison, NY 
 
 62 

450 

200,664 

175,135 

77,058 

92 
 
 Q3 2021 
 
 Q1 2024 
 
 Q4 2024 
 
 Q2 2026 
 
 / 

Solana Beeler Park (4) 
 
 Denver, CO 
 
 90 

270 

85,206 

56,178 

22,858 

64 
 
 Q4 2021 
 
 Q2 2024 
 
 Q3 2024 
 
 Q1 2025 
 
 / 

Remy (Toll) (4) 
 
 Frisco, TX 
 
 75 

357 

98,937 

77,170 

31,494 

80 
 
 Q1 2022 
 
 Q1 2024 
 
 Q4 2024 
 
 Q3 2025 
 
 / 

Sadie (fka Settler) (Toll) (4) 
 
 Fort Worth, TX 
 
 75 

362 

82,775 

55,522 

14,944 

69 
 
 Q2 2022 
 
 Q2 2024 
 
 Q3 2024 
 
 Q3 2025 
 
 / 

Lyle (Toll) (3) 
 
 Dallas, TX 
 
 75 

334 

86,332 

52,914 

21,962 

66 
 
 Q3 2022 
 
 Q2 2024 
 
 Q3 2024 
 
 Q1 2026 
 
 / 

Projects Under Development - Unconsolidated 

1,982 

623,918 

478,990 

195,620 

Total Development Projects - Consolidated 

537 

260,648 

182,687 

Total Development Projects - Unconsolidated 

1,982 

623,918 

478,990 

195,620 

Total Development Projects 

2,519 

884,566 

661,677 

195,620 

(1) Total Budgeted Capital Cost Estimated remaining cost for projects under development and/or developed plus all capitalized costs incurred to date, including land acquisition costs, construction costs, capitalized real estate taxes and insurance, capitalized interest and loan fees, permits, professional fees, allocated development overhead and other regulatory fees, plus any estimates of costs remaining to be funded for all projects, all in accordance with GAAP. Amounts for partially owned consolidated and unconsolidated properties are presented at 100 of the project. 

(2) Except for Reverb where the Company paid off the third-party construction loan during the year ended December 31, 2023, all non-wholly owned projects are being partially funded with project-specific construction loans. None of these loans are recourse to the Company. 

(3) The land parcels under these projects are subject to long-term ground leases. 

(4) The Total Budgeted Capital Cost on these projects increased by an aggregate of 13.0 million or 2.5 of initial budget primarily due to higher than budgeted interest incurred on construction loans. 

Item 3. Lega l Proceedings 
 The Company has been named as a defendant in a number of cases filed in late 2022 and 2023 alleging antitrust violations by RealPage, Inc., a seller of revenue management software products, and various owners and/or operators of multifamily housing, including us, that have utilized these products. The complaints allege collusion among the defendants to illegally fix and inflate the pricing of multifamily rents and seek monetary damages, injunctive relief, fees and costs. All of the cases except for one have been consolidated into a single putative class action in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee. On December 28, 2023, motions to dismiss this consolidated action, filed by RealPage, Inc. as well as us and our multifamily co-defendants, were denied by the Court and the case is proceeding. Another case with similar allegations has been filed by the District of Columbia against 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 RealPage, Inc. and a number of multifamily owners and/or operators, including us. We believe these various lawsuits are without merit and we intend to vigorously defend against them. As these proceedings are in the early stages, it is not possible for the Company to predict the outcome nor is it possible to estimate the amount of loss, if any, which may be associated with an adverse decision in any of these cases. 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company does not believe there is any litigation pending or threatened against it that, individually or in the aggregate, may reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 Item 4. Mine Sa fety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Sto ckholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Common Share/Unit Information (Equity Residential and ERP Operating Limited Partnership) 
 The Company s Common Shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol EQR. There is no established public market for the Operating Partnership s Units (OP Units and restricted units). At February 8, 2024, the number of record holders of Common Shares was approximately 1,710 and 379,553,591 Common Shares were outstanding. At February 8, 2024, the number of record holders of Units in the Operating Partnership was approximately 450 and 391,291,526 Units were outstanding. 
 Unregistered Common Shares Issued in the Quarter Ended December 31, 2023 (Equity Residential) 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2023, EQR issued 151,199 Common Shares in exchange for 151,199 OP Units held by various limited partners of ERPOP. OP Units are generally exchangeable into Common Shares on a one-for-one basis or, at the option of ERPOP, the cash equivalent thereof, at any time one year after the date of issuance. These shares were either registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or issued in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as these were transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. In light of the manner of the sale and information obtained by EQR from the limited partners in connection with these transactions, EQR believes it may rely on these exemptions. 
 Common Shares Repurchased in the Quarter Ended December 31, 2023 
 The Company repurchased and retired the following Common Shares during the quarter ended December 31, 2023: 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Common Shares Purchased (1) 

Weighted Average Price Paid Per Share (1), (2) 

Total Number of Common Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) 

Maximum Number of Common Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1), (3) 

October 1, 2023 - October 31, 2023 

13,000,000 

November 1, 2023 - November 30, 2023 

664,696 

55.44 

664,696 

12,335,304 

December 1, 2023 - December 31, 2023 

199,690 

61.28 

199,690 

12,135,614 

Total 

864,386 

56.79 

864,386 

(1) The Common Shares repurchased during the quarter ended December 31, 2023 represent Common Shares repurchased under the Company s publicly announced share repurchase program approved by its Board of Trustees. The Company's share repurchase program was publicly announced on July 30, 2013 and the increase to its 13.0 million shares capacity was publicly announced on August 4, 2016. The program does not have an expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not obligate the Company to make any repurchases of its Common Shares. In January 2024, the Company s Board of Trustees approved replenishing the Company s share repurchase program authorization back to its original 13.0 million shares. 

(2) Weighted average price paid per share excludes costs associated with the repurchases. 

(3) The number of shares available for purchase under the Company s publicly announced share repurchase program authorized by the Board of Trustees. The Company may repurchase Common Shares under its share repurchase program in open market or privately negotiated transactions. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased under the repurchase program depend on a variety of factors, including price, general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities. 

Item 6. Reserved 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of the Company and the Operating Partnership should be read in connection with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto. Due to the Company s ability to control the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, the Operating Partnership and each such subsidiary entity has been consolidated with the Company for financial reporting purposes, except for any unconsolidated properties/entities. Capitalized terms used herein and not defined are as defined elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, please refer to the Definitions section below for various capitalized terms not immediately defined in this Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Forward-looking statements are intended to be made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions made by management. While the Company s management believes the assumptions underlying its forward-looking statements are reasonable, such information is inherently subject to uncertainties and may involve certain risks, which could cause actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to differ materially from anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Many of these uncertainties and risks are difficult to predict and beyond management s control. Additional factors that might cause such differences are discussed in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly those under Item 1A, Risk Factors . Forward-looking statements and related uncertainties are also included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, results or events. The forward-looking statements contained herein are made as of the date hereof and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or supplement these forward-looking statements. 
 Overview 
 See Item 1, Business , for discussion regarding the Company s overview. 
 Business Objectives and Operating and Investing Strategies 
 See Item 1, Business , for discussion regarding the Company s business objectives and operating and investing strategies. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 2022 and 2023 Transactions 
 In conjunction with our business objectives and operating and investing strategies, the following table provides a rollforward of the transactions that occurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023: 
 
 Portfolio Rollforward 
 in thousands) 

Properties 

Apartment Units 

Purchase Price 

Acquisition Cap Rate 

12/31/2021 

310 

80,407 

Acquisitions: 

Consolidated Rental Properties 

1 

172 

113,000 

3.5 

Unconsolidated Land Parcels (1) 

56,886 

Sales Price 

Disposition Yield 

Dispositions: 

Consolidated Rental Properties 

(3) 

(945) 

(746,150) 

(3.4) 

Configuration Changes 

(37) 

12/31/2022 

308 

79,597 

Purchase Price 

Acquisition Cap Rate 

Acquisitions: 

Consolidated Rental Properties 

2 

577 

189,734 
 
 (3) 
 
 5.1 

Consolidated Rental Properties Not Stabilized (2) 

2 

606 

176,600 

5.9 

Sales Price 

Disposition Yield 

Dispositions: 

Consolidated Rental Properties 

(11) 

(912) 

(379,893) 

(5.5) 

Completed Developments Consolidated 

1 

312 

Configuration Changes 

11 

12/31/2023 

302 

80,191 

(1) The purchase price listed represents the total consideration for the closing of the respective joint ventures. 

(2) The Company acquired two properties in the Atlanta market during the year ended December 31, 2023 that are in lease-up and are expected to stabilize in their second year of ownership at the weighted average Acquisition Cap Rate listed above. 

(3) Purchase price is net of a mark-to-market discount of approximately 11.2 million on a mortgage assumed in connection with the purchase of a property. 

Acquisitions 
 The consolidated property acquired in 2022 is located in the San Diego market; 

In 2022, the Company acquired its joint venture partner s 25 interest in a 432-unit apartment property located in the Washington, D.C. market for 32.2 million, and the property is now wholly owned; 

The consolidated properties acquired in 2023 are located in the Atlanta (3) and Denver markets; and 

In 2023, the Company acquired its joint venture partner's 10 interest in a 200-unit apartment property located in the San Francisco market for 4.6 million, of which the Company paid 3.7 million in cash and ERPOP issued 0.9 million of 3.00 Series Q Preference Units. The property is now wholly owned. The Company also repaid 64.7 million of mortgage debt at par prior to maturity in conjunction with the buyout. 

Dispositions 
 The consolidated properties disposed of in 2022 were located in the New York (2) and Washington, D.C. markets and the sales generated an Unlevered IRR of 5.3 ; and 

The consolidated properties disposed of in 2023 were located in the Los Angeles (8), Seattle (2) and San Francisco markets 

30 

Table of Contents 

 and the sales generated an Unlevered IRR of 11.4 . 

Developments 
 The Company commenced construction on one consolidated and three unconsolidated apartment properties during 2022, located in the San Francisco and Dallas/Ft. Worth (3) markets, consisting of 1,278 apartment units totaling approximately 417.7 million of expected development costs; 

The Company stabilized two consolidated apartment properties during 2022, located in the Washington, D.C. and Boston markets, consisting of 624 apartment units totaling approximately 482.1 million of development costs; 

The Company spent approximately 203.6 million during 2022, primarily for consolidated and unconsolidated development projects; 

The Company stabilized one consolidated apartment property during 2023, located in the San Francisco market, consisting of 200 apartment units totaling approximately 116.4 million of development costs; 

The Company completed construction on one consolidated apartment property during 2023, located in the Washington, D.C. market, consisting of 312 apartment units totaling approximately 108.0 million of development costs; and 

The Company spent approximately 118.2 million during 2023, primarily for consolidated and unconsolidated development projects. 

Investments in Unconsolidated Entities 
 The Company entered into three separate unconsolidated joint ventures during 2022 for the purpose of developing vacant land parcels in the Dallas/Ft. Worth and Boston (2) markets. The Company s total investment in these three joint ventures was approximately 66.8 million as of December 31, 2022. One of the projects is related to the Company s joint venture development program with Toll Brothers, Inc. ("Toll"), which commenced construction during the first quarter of 2022 prior to our entrance into the joint venture; and 

The Company entered into two separate unconsolidated joint ventures during 2023 for the purpose of developing vacant land parcels in the Boston and Seattle markets. The Company s total investment in these two joint ventures was approximately 4.9 million as of December 31, 2023. 

See Notes 4 and 6 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding the Company s real estate investments and investments in partially owned entities. 
 Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2023 to the year ended December 31, 2022 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of diluted earnings per share/unit for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to the same period in 2022: 

Year Ended December 31 

Diluted earnings per share/unit for full year 2022 

2.05 

Property NOI 

0.29 

Interest expense 

0.02 

Corporate overhead (1) 

(0.03) 

Net gain/loss on property sales 

(0.06) 

Non-operating asset gains/losses 

0.04 

Depreciation expense 

(0.01) 

Other 

(0.10) 

Diluted earnings per share/unit for full year 2023 

2.20 

(1) Corporate overhead includes property management and general and administrative expenses. 

The Company s primary financial measure for evaluating each of its apartment communities is net operating income NOI ). NOI represents rental income less direct property operating expenses (including real estate taxes and insurance). The Company believes that NOI is helpful to investors as a supplemental measure of its operating performance because it is a direct measure of the actual operating results of the Company s apartment properties. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables present reconciliations of operating income per the consolidated statements of operations to NOI, along with rental income, operating expenses and NOI per the consolidated statements of operations allocated between same store and non-same store/other results (amounts in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 vs. 2022 

2023 

2022 

Change 

Change 

Operating income 

1,160,585 

1,116,046 

44,539 

4.0 

Adjustments: 

Property management 

119,804 

110,304 

9,500 

8.6 

General and administrative 

60,716 

58,710 

2,006 

3.4 

Depreciation 

888,709 

882,168 

6,541 

0.7 

Net (gain) loss on sales of real estate properties 

(282,539) 

(304,325) 

21,786 

(7.2) 

Total NOI 

1,947,275 

1,862,903 

84,372 

4.5 

Rental income: 

Same store 

2,754,711 

2,609,766 

144,945 

5.6 

Non-same store/other 

119,253 

125,414 

(6,161) 

(4.9) 

Total rental income 

2,873,964 

2,735,180 

138,784 

5.1 

Operating expenses: 

Same store 

873,448 

837,602 

35,846 

4.3 

Non-same store/other 

53,241 

34,675 

18,566 

53.5 

Total operating expenses 

926,689 

872,277 

54,412 

6.2 

NOI: 

Same store 

1,881,263 

1,772,164 

109,099 

6.2 

Non-same store/other 

66,012 

90,739 

(24,727) 

(27.3) 

Total NOI 

1,947,275 

1,862,903 

84,372 

4.5 

Note: See Note 17 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for detail by reportable segment/market. Non-same store/other NOI results consist primarily of properties acquired in calendar years 2022 and 2023, operations from the Company s development properties, other corporate operations and operations prior to disposition from 2022 and 2023 sold properties. 
 The increase in same store rental income is primarily driven by strong demand and limited new supply, partially offset by a non-cash write-off of approximately 1.5 million in straight-line receivables due to the bankruptcy of Rite Aid. 

The increase in same store operating expenses is due primarily to: 

Repairs and maintenance A 9.9 million increase primarily driven by greater outsourcing due to higher internal staffing utilization to address issues from California rain storms that occurred earlier in 2023; 

Real estate taxes A 5.8 million increase due to modest escalation in rates and assessed values; and 

On-site payroll An 8.0 million increase due primarily to fewer staffing vacancies as compared to 2022 and elevated employee benefit costs, partially offset by the impact of innovation initiatives. 

The decrease in non-same store/other NOI is due primarily to: 

A negative impact of lost NOI from 2022 and 2023 dispositions of 20.2 million; 

A negative impact of 2.8 million in lower NOI from two properties that have been removed from same store while undergoing major renovations; 

A negative impact of 18.1 million from a real estate tax transaction adjustment in 2022 that did not reoccur in 2023; and 

A positive impact of higher NOI from non-stabilized properties acquired during 2021, 2022 and 2023 of 11.2 million and higher NOI from development and other properties in lease-up of 10.9 million. 

The increase in consolidated total NOI is a result of the Company s higher NOI from same store properties, largely due to improvement in same store revenues as noted above. 

See the Same Store Results section below for additional discussion of those results. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Property management expenses include off-site expenses associated with the self-management of the Company s properties as well as management fees paid to any third-party management companies. These expenses increased approximately 9.5 million or 8.6 during the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to 2022. This increase is primarily attributable to increases in payroll-related costs, workforce/contractors costs and information technology expenses, partially offset by decreases in training/marketing costs and third-party management fees. 
 General and administrative expenses, which include corporate operating expenses, increased approximately 2.0 million or 3.4 during the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to increases in payroll-related costs and public company expenses, partially offset by decreases in legal and professional fees and training/marketing costs. 
 Depreciation expense, which includes depreciation on non-real estate assets, increased approximately 6.5 million or 0.7 during the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily as a result of additional depreciation expense on properties acquired in 2023 and 2022, partially offset by lower depreciation from properties sold in 2022 and 2023. 
 Net gain on sales of real estate properties decreased approximately 21.8 million or 7.2 during the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily as a result of the sale of eleven consolidated apartment properties for a lower gain in 2023 as compared to the sale of three consolidated apartment properties in the same period in 2022. 
 Interest and other income increased approximately 20.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to 2022. The increase is primarily due to an increase in unrealized gains of 13.5 million and realized gains of 2.7 million on various investment securities as well as short-term investment income on cash and restricted deposit accounts due to a higher rate environment and higher overall invested balances, partially offset by decreases in insurance/litigation settlement proceeds received during 2022 that did not occur in 2023. 
 Other expenses increased approximately 15.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to increases in litigation reserves and data transformation project costs. 
 Interest expense, including amortization of deferred financing costs, decreased approximately 13.2 million or 4.5 during the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to 2022. The decrease is primarily due to lower overall debt balances outstanding as compared to the prior year period and higher capitalized interest, partially offset by higher rates on floating debt. The effective interest cost on all indebtedness, excluding debt extinguishment costs/prepayment penalties, for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 3.82 as compared to 3.68 in 2022. The Company capitalized interest of approximately 12.3 million and 7.1 million during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 For comparison of the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021, refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , included in the Company s and the Operating Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Same Store Results 
 Properties that the Company owned and were stabilized for all of both 2023 and 2022 (the 2023 Same Store Properties ), which represented 76,297 apartment units, drove the Company s results of operations. Properties are considered stabilized when they have achieved 90 occupancy for three consecutive months. Properties are included in same store when they are stabilized for all of the current and comparable periods presented. 
 The following table provides comparative total same store results and statistics for the 2023 Same Store Properties: 
 
 2023 vs. 2022 
 Same Store Results/Statistics Including 76,297 Same Store Apartment Units 
 in thousands except for Average Rental Rate) 

2023 

2022 

Residential 
 
 Change 
 
 Non- Residential 

Change 
 
 Total 
 
 Change 

Residential 
 
 Non- Residential 
 
 Total 

Revenues 
 
 2,657,868 

5.7 

96,843 
 
 (1) 
 
 1.9 

2,754,711 

5.6 

Revenues 
 
 2,514,711 

95,055 

2,609,766 

Expenses 
 
 846,546 

4.1 

26,902 

8.9 

873,448 

4.3 

Expenses 
 
 812,894 

24,708 

837,602 

NOI 
 
 1,811,322 

6.4 

69,941 

(0.6) 
 
 1,881,263 

6.2 

NOI 
 
 1,701,817 

70,347 

1,772,164 

Average Rental Rate 
 
 3,029 

6.2 

Average Rental Rate 
 
 2,853 

Physical Occupancy 
 
 95.9 

(0.4) 

Physical Occupancy 
 
 96.3 

Turnover 
 
 43.7 

0.1 

Turnover 
 
 43.6 

33 

Table of Contents 

 Note: Same store revenues for all leases are reflected on a straight-line basis in accordance with GAAP for the current and comparable periods. 
 (1) Includes the negative impact from the non-cash write-off of approximately 1.5 million in straight-line receivables during the year ended December 31, 2023 due to the bankruptcy of Rite Aid. 

The following table provides results and statistics related to our Residential same store operations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022: 
 
 2023 vs. 2022 
 Same Store Residential Results/Statistics by Market	 

Increase (Decrease) from Prior Year 

Markets/Metro Areas 
 
 Apartment Units 

2023 of Actual NOI 

2023 Average Rental Rate 

2023 Weighted Average Physical Occupancy 

2023 Turnover 

Average Rental Rate 

Physical Occupancy 

Turnover 

Los Angeles 

14,135 

17.6 

2,861 

95.3 

44.5 

5.1 

(1.3) 

5.8 

Orange County 

4,028 

5.6 

2,801 

96.3 

37.4 

7.1 

(0.7) 

2.9 

San Diego 

2,706 

4.0 

2,993 

95.4 

42.3 

8.2 

(1.3) 

4.2 

Subtotal Southern California 

20,869 

27.2 

2,867 

95.5 

42.9 

5.9 

(1.2) 

5.1 

San Francisco 

11,245 

16.4 

3,290 

95.6 

44.1 

4.2 

(0.6) 

2.4 

Washington, D.C. 

14,400 

16.3 

2,597 

96.8 

40.5 

5.9 

0.0 

(2.6) 

New York 

8,536 

14.4 

4,504 

96.8 

37.2 

10.7 

(0.1) 

(5.2) 

Seattle 

9,266 

10.8 

2,579 

95.2 

48.0 

2.9 

0.1 

(3.6) 

Boston 

6,700 

10.3 

3,422 

96.0 

43.9 

7.4 

(0.1) 

(1.5) 

Denver 

2,505 

2.7 

2,404 

96.3 

58.1 

4.6 

0.0 

(2.2) 

Other Expansion Markets 

2,776 

1.9 

1,987 

94.7 

57.1 

5.1 

(0.6) 

1.8 

Total 

76,297 

100.0 

3,029 

95.9 

43.7 

6.2 

(0.4) 

0.1 

Note: The above table reflects Residential same store results only. Residential operations account for approximately 96.4 of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 During 2023, demand to live in our apartment communities remained healthy, which our financial results reflected. This steady demand for our apartments supported healthy Physical Occupancy with pricing that was largely in-line with our expectations, with the exceptions of the San Francisco and Seattle markets where pricing pressure during the second half of the year led to a greater than originally anticipated seasonal deceleration. The East Coast markets outperformed our West Coast markets, as we expected. Key operating drivers for this performance during 2023 included: 
 Pricing Pricing (net of Leasing Concessions) generally continued to be healthy and consistent with expectations in most of our major markets except San Francisco and Seattle. In most of our markets, pricing peaked in early August 2023, which was typical pre-pandemic, and began to moderate thereafter through the fourth quarter of 2023. 

Physical Occupancy Physical Occupancy was 95.9 for the year ended December 31, 2023, which remained strong despite some increased move-out activity (see further discussion below). 

Percentage of Residents Renewing and Turnover We continued to see a high Percentage of Residents Renewing in our portfolio, which we believe reflects both the strength of demand and quality of our product and team. The Percentage of Residents Renewing was strong at 59.0 for the fourth quarter of 2023. Turnover remained at some of the lowest levels in the Company's history at 43.7 for the full year of 2023, reflecting a healthy and consistent trend of historically high resident retention. 

The Company continued to have increased move-out activity related to delinquent residents during the year ended December 31, 2023, which put modest pressure on Physical Occupancy, especially in our Los Angeles market. While we have made significant progress in reducing delinquency in our portfolio, the backlog and slow pace of the eviction process led to slower improvement during the year ended December 31, 2023 than we had hoped for. 
 Overall, the fundamentals of our business remain healthy. Long-term, we expect elevated single family home ownership costs, positive household formation trends, manageable competitive new supply in our established coastal markets and the overall deficit in housing across the country to buffer the impact on our business from the risks of potential economic weakness. We also see our affluent 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 resident base as being resilient to economic uncertainty, including elevated inflation, due to higher levels of disposable income and lower relative rent-to-income ratios. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 With approximately 2.1 billion in readily available liquidity, a strong balance sheet, limited near-term debt maturities, very strong credit metrics and ample access to capital markets, the Company believes it is well positioned to meet its future obligations and take advantage of opportunities. See further discussion below. 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 The following table sets forth our sources and uses of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 (amounts in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows provided by (used for): 

Operating activities 

1,532,798 

1,454,756 

1,260,184 

Investing activities 

(409,504) 

107,792 

(434,620) 

Financing activities 

(1,120,471) 

(1,785,612) 

(565,056) 

The following provides information regarding the Company s cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Operating Activities 
 Our operating cash flows are primarily impacted by NOI and its components, such as Average Rental Rates, Physical Occupancy levels and operating expenses related to our properties. Cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to 2022, increased by approximately 78.0 million as a direct result of the NOI and other changes discussed above in Results of Operations . 
 Investing Activities 
 Our investing cash flows are primarily impacted by our transaction activity (acquisitions/dispositions), development spend and capital expenditures. For the year ended December 31, 2023, key drivers were: 
 Acquired four consolidated rental properties for approximately 324.5 million in cash, inclusive of 53.5 million in assumed mortgage debt with a discount of approximately 11.2 million on one acquired property; 

Disposed of eleven consolidated rental properties, receiving net proceeds of approximately 374.0 million; 

Invested 78.2 million primarily in consolidated development projects; 

Invested 50.0 million primarily in unconsolidated development joint venture entities as well as unconsolidated investments in real estate technology funds/companies for various technology initiatives; and 

Invested 319.3 million in capital expenditures to real estate presented in the table below. 

For the year ended December 31, 2023, our actual capital expenditures to real estate included the following (amounts in thousands except for apartment unit and per apartment unit amounts): 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Expenditures to Real Estate 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 

Same Store Properties 

Non-Same Store Properties/Other 

Total 

Same Store Avg. Per Apartment Unit 

Total Apartment Units 

76,297 

3,894 

80,191 

Building Improvements 

137,058 

11,907 
 
 (2) 
 
 148,965 

1,796 

Renovation Expenditures 

79,291 
 
 (1) 
 
 22,863 
 
 (2) 
 
 102,154 

1,039 

Replacements 

66,496 

1,727 

68,223 

872 

Total Capital Expenditures to Real Estate 

282,845 

36,497 

319,342 

3,707 

(1) Renovation Expenditures Amounts for 2,799 same store apartment units approximated 28,328 per apartment unit renovated. 

(2) Includes expenditures for two properties that have been removed from same store while undergoing major renovations requiring a significant number of apartment units to be vacated to accommodate the extensive planned improvements. The renovation at one property is expected to continue through the second quarter of 2024 with the other continuing into 2025. 

Financing Activities 
 Our financing cash flows primarily relate to our borrowing activity (debt proceeds or repayment), distributions/dividends to shareholders/unitholders and other Common Share activity. For the year ended December 31, 2023, key drivers were: 
 Obtained 550.0 million in fixed rate mortgage debt; 

Obtained 22.9 million in variable rate construction mortgage debt; 

Repaid 936.0 million on mortgage loans (inclusive of scheduled principal repayments); 

Received 25.2 million to settle nine forward starting swaps in conjunction with an interest rate lock of 530.0 million of secured notes; 

Acquired our joint venture partner s 10 interest in an apartment property for 3.7 million in cash (remaining 0.9 million was funded by ERPOP's issuance of 3.00 Series Q Preference Units); 

Issued Common Shares related to share option exercises and ESPP purchases and received net proceeds of 27.1 million; 

Paid dividends/distributions on Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units (including OP Units and restricted units) and noncontrolling interests in partially owned properties totaling approximately 1.0 billion; and 

Repurchased and retired 864,386 Common Shares, at a weighted average purchase price of 56.79 per share, for an aggregate purchased amount of approximately 49.1 million. See Note 3 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 

Short-Term Liquidity and Cash Proceeds 
 The Company generally expects to meet its short-term liquidity requirements, including capital expenditures related to maintaining its existing properties and scheduled unsecured note and mortgage note repayments, through its working capital, net cash provided by operating activities and borrowings under the Company s revolving credit facility and commercial paper program. Currently, the Company considers its cash provided by operating activities to be adequate to meet operating requirements and payments of distributions. 
 The following table presents the Company s balances for cash and cash equivalents, restricted deposits and the available borrowing capacity on its revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 (amounts in thousands): 

December 31, 2023 

December 31, 2022 

Cash and cash equivalents 

50,743 

53,869 

Restricted deposits 

89,252 

83,303 

Unsecured revolving credit facility availability 

2,086,585 

2,366,537 

36 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program 
 The Company has a 2.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility maturing October 26, 2027. The Company has the ability to increase available borrowings by an additional 750.0 million by adding lenders to the facility, obtaining the agreement of existing lenders to increase their commitments or incurring one or more term loans. The interest rate on advances under the facility will generally be the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus a spread (currently 0.725 ), or based on bids received from the lending group, and the Company pays an annual facility fee (currently 0.125 ). Both the spread and the facility fee are dependent on the Company s senior unsecured credit rating. See Note 9 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of the Company s credit facility. 
 The Company may borrow up to a maximum of 1.0 billion under its commercial paper program subject to market conditions. The notes will be sold under customary terms in the United States commercial paper note market and will rank pari passu with all of the Company s other unsecured senior indebtedness. 
 The Company limits its utilization of the revolving credit facility in order to maintain liquidity to support its 1.0 billion commercial paper program along with certain other obligations. The following table presents the availability on the Company s unsecured revolving credit facility as of February 8, 2024 (amounts in thousands): 

February 8, 2024 

Unsecured revolving credit facility commitment 

2,500,000 

Commercial paper balance outstanding 

(354,000) 

Unsecured revolving credit facility balance outstanding 

Other restricted amounts 

(3,438) 

Unsecured revolving credit facility availability 

2,142,562 

Dividend Policy 
 The Company declared a dividend/distribution for each quarter in 2023 of 0.6625 per share/unit, an annualized increase of 6.0 over the amount paid in 2022. All future dividends/distributions remain subject to the discretion of the Company s Board of Trustees. 
 Total dividends/distributions paid in January 2024 amounted to 259.2 million (excluding distributions on Partially Owned Properties), which consisted of certain distributions declared during the quarter ended December 31, 2023. 
 Long-Term Financing and Capital Needs 
 The Company expects to meet its long-term liquidity requirements, such as lump sum unsecured note and mortgage debt maturities, property acquisitions and financing of development activities, through the issuance of secured and unsecured debt and equity securities (including additional OP Units), proceeds received from the disposition of certain properties and joint ventures, along with cash generated from operations after all distributions. The Company has a significant number of unencumbered properties available to secure additional mortgage borrowings should unsecured capital be unavailable or the cost of alternative sources of capital be too high. The value of and cash flow from these unencumbered properties are in excess of the requirements the Company must maintain in order to comply with covenants under its unsecured notes and line of credit. Of the 28.7 billion in investment in real estate on the Company s balance sheet at December 31, 2023, 25.6 billion or 89.1 was unencumbered. However, there can be no assurances that these sources of capital will be available to the Company in the future on acceptable terms or otherwise. For additional details, see Item 1A, Risk Factors . 
 EQR issues equity and guarantees certain debt of the Operating Partnership from time to time. EQR does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s total debt summary schedule as of December 31, 2023 is as follows: 
 Debt Summary as of December 31, 2023 
 in thousands) 

Debt Balances 

of Total 

Secured 

1,632,902 

22.1 

Unsecured 

5,757,548 

77.9 

Total 

7,390,450 

100.0 

Fixed Rate Debt: 

Secured Conventional 

1,398,598 

18.9 

Unsecured Public 

5,348,417 

72.4 

Fixed Rate Debt 

6,747,015 

91.3 

Floating Rate Debt: 

Secured Conventional 

Secured Tax Exempt 

234,304 

3.2 

Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility 

Unsecured Commercial Paper Program 

409,131 

5.5 

Floating Rate Debt 

643,435 

8.7 

Total 

7,390,450 

100.0 

The following table summarizes the Company s debt maturity schedule as of December 31, 2023: 
 Debt Maturity Schedule as of December 31, 2023 
 in thousands) 

Year 
 
 Fixed Rate 

Floating Rate 

Total 

of Total 

2024 

416,200 
 
 (1) 
 
 416,200 

5.6 

2025 

450,000 

8,100 

458,100 

6.1 

2026 

592,025 

9,000 

601,025 

8.0 

2027 

400,000 

9,800 

409,800 

5.5 

2028 

900,000 

10,700 

910,700 

12.2 

2029 

888,120 

11,500 

899,620 

12.1 

2030 

1,148,462 

12,700 

1,161,162 

15.6 

2031 

528,500 

39,800 

568,300 

7.6 

2032 

28,000 

28,000 

0.4 

2033 

550,000 

2,300 

552,300 

7.4 

2034+ 

1,350,850 

108,600 

1,459,450 

19.5 

Subtotal 

6,807,957 

656,700 

7,464,657 

100.0 

Deferred Financing Costs and Unamortized (Discount) 

(60,942) 

(13,265) 

(74,207) 
 
 N/A 

Total 

6,747,015 

643,435 

7,390,450 

100.0 

(1) Includes 410.0 million in principal outstanding on the Company s commercial paper program. 

Interest expected to be incurred on the Company s secured and unsecured debt based on obligations outstanding at December 31, 2023, inclusive of capitalized interest, approximates 223.0 million annually for the next five years, with total remaining obligations of approximately 2.4 billion. For floating rate debt, the current rate in effect for the most recent payment through December 31, 2023 is assumed to be in effect through the respective maturity date of each instrument. 
 See Note 9 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of debt at December 31, 2023. See also Notes 8 and 16 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2023. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Structure 
 The Company s Consolidated Debt-to-Total Market Capitalization Ratio as of December 31, 2023 is presented in the following table. The Company calculates the equity component of its market capitalization as the sum of (i) the total outstanding Common Shares and assumed conversion of all Units at the equivalent market value of the closing price of the Company s Common Shares on the New York Stock Exchange and (ii) the liquidation value of all perpetual preferred shares outstanding. 
 Equity Residential 
 Capital Structure as of December 31, 2023 
 (Amounts in thousands except for share/unit and per share amounts) 

Secured Debt 

1,632,902 

22.1 

Unsecured Debt 

5,757,548 

77.9 

Total Debt 

7,390,450 

100.0 

23.6 

Common Shares (includes Restricted Shares) 

379,291,417 

97.0 

Units (includes OP Units and Restricted Units) 

11,581,306 

3.0 

Total Shares and Units 

390,872,723 

100.0 

Common Share Price at December 31, 2023 

61.16 

23,905,776 

99.8 

Perpetual Preferred Equity 

37,280 

0.2 

Total Equity 

23,943,056 

100.0 

76.4 

Total Market Capitalization 

31,333,506 

100.0 

The Operating Partnership s Consolidated Debt-to-Total Market Capitalization Ratio as of December 31, 2023 is presented in the following table. The Operating Partnership calculates the equity component of its market capitalization as the sum of (i) the total outstanding Units at the equivalent market value of the closing price of the Company s Common Shares on the New York Stock Exchange and (ii) the liquidation value of all perpetual preference units outstanding. 
 ERP Operating Limited Partnership 
 Capital Structure as of December 31, 2023 
 (Amounts in thousands except for unit and per unit amounts) 

Secured Debt 

1,632,902 

22.1 

Unsecured Debt 

5,757,548 

77.9 

Total Debt 

7,390,450 

100.0 

23.6 

Total Outstanding Units 

390,872,723 

Common Share Price at December 31, 2023 

61.16 

23,905,776 

99.8 

Perpetual Preference Units 

37,280 

0.2 

Total Equity 

23,943,056 

100.0 

76.4 

Total Market Capitalization 

31,333,506 

100.0 

Financial Flexibility 
 EQR and ERPOP currently have an active universal shelf registration statement for the issuance of equity and debt securities that automatically became effective upon filing with the SEC in May 2022 and expires in May 2025. Per the terms of ERPOP s partnership agreement, EQR contributes the net proceeds of all equity offerings to the capital of ERPOP in exchange for additional OP Units (on a one-for-one Common Share per OP Unit basis) or preference units (on a one-for-one preferred share per preference unit basis). 
 The Company has an ATM share offering program which allows EQR to issue Common Shares from time to time into the existing trading market at current market prices or through negotiated transactions, including under forward sale arrangements. The current program matures in May 2025 and gives us the authority to issue up to 13.0 million shares, all of which remain available for issuance as of February 8, 2024. 
 Forward sale agreements under the ATM program allow the Company, at its election, to settle the agreements by issuing Common Shares in exchange for net proceeds at the then-applicable forward sale price specified by the agreement or, alternatively, to settle the 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 agreements in whole or in part through the delivery or receipt of Common Shares or cash. Issuances of shares under these forward sale agreements are classified as equity transactions. Accordingly, no amounts relating to the forward sale agreements are recorded in the consolidated financial statements until settlement occurs. Prior to any settlements, the only impact to the consolidated financial statements is the inclusion of incremental shares, if any, within the calculation of diluted net income per share using the treasury stock method (see Note 11 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion). The actual forward price per share to be received by the Company upon settlement will be determined on the applicable settlement date based on adjustments made to the initial forward price to reflect the then-current overnight federal funds rate and the amount of dividends paid to holders of the Company s Common Shares over the term of the forward sale agreement. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021 and part of the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had forward sale agreements outstanding for approximately 1.7 million Common Shares at a weighted average initial forward price per share of 83.25. During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company settled all of the outstanding forward sale agreements, at a weighted average forward price per share of 80.22, which is inclusive of adjustments made to reflect the then-current federal funds rate and the amount of dividends paid to holders of the Company's Common Shares, for net proceeds of approximately 139.6 million. Concurrent with this transaction, ERPOP issued the same amount of OP Units to EQR in exchange for the net proceeds. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company repurchased and subsequently retired approximately 49.1 million (864,386 shares at a weighted average price per share of 56.79) of its Common Shares in the open market under its share repurchase program. Concurrent with these transactions, ERPOP repurchased and retired the same amount of OP Units previously issued to EQR. In January 2024, the Company s Board of Trustees approved replenishing the Company s share repurchase program authorization back to its original 13.0 million shares. As of February 8, 2024, EQR has remaining authorization to repurchase up to 13.0 million of its shares. 
 We believe our ability to access capital markets is enhanced by ERPOP s long-term senior debt ratings and short-term commercial paper ratings, as well as EQR s long-term preferred equity ratings. As of February 8, 2024, the ratings are as follows: 

Standard Poor s 
 
 Moody's 

ERPOP's long-term senior debt rating 
 
 A- 
 
 A3 

ERPOP's short-term commercial paper rating 
 
 A-2 
 
 P-2 

EQR's long-term preferred equity rating 
 
 BBB 
 
 Baa1 

See Note 18 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of the events, if any, which occurred subsequent to December 31, 2023. 
 Inflation 
 Inflation primarily impacts our results of operations as a result of wage/payroll pressures, increases in utilities through escalation of commodity costs and increases in repair and maintenance costs through higher contractor costs. In addition, inflation could also impact the interest we pay on our floating rate debt and upon refinancing of fixed rate debt in a high-inflationary environment, our cost of capital and our cost of development, renovation and capital expenditure activities. However, the majority of our apartment leases have initial terms of 12 months or less, which generally enables us to compensate for inflationary effects by increasing rents on our apartment homes, subject to supply and demand conditions. Although an extreme or sustained escalation in costs could have a negative impact on our residents and their ability to absorb rent increases, we do not believe this had a material impact on our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 Definitions 
 The definition of certain terms described above or below are as follows: 	 
 Acquisition Cap Rate NOI that the Company anticipates receiving in the next 12 months (or the year two or three stabilized NOI for properties that are in lease-up at acquisition) less an estimate of property management costs/management fees allocated to the project (generally ranging from 2.0 to 4.0 of revenues depending on the size and income streams of the asset) and less an estimate for in-the-unit replacement capital expenditures (generally ranging from 100- 450 per apartment unit depending on the age and condition of the asset) divided by the gross purchase price of the asset. The weighted average Acquisition Cap Rate for acquired properties is weighted based on the projected NOI streams and the relative purchase price for each respective property. 

Average Rental Rate Total Residential rental revenues reflected on a straight-line basis in accordance with GAAP divided by the weighted average occupied apartment units for the reporting period presented. 

40 

Table of Contents 

 Building Improvements Includes roof replacement, paving, building mechanical equipment systems, exterior siding and painting, major landscaping, furniture, fixtures and equipment for amenities and common areas, vehicles and office and maintenance equipment. 

Disposition Yield NOI that the Company anticipates giving up in the next 12 months less an estimate of property management costs/management fees allocated to the project (generally ranging from 2.0 to 4.0 of revenues depending on the size and income streams of the asset) and less an estimate for in-the-unit replacement capital expenditures (generally ranging from 150- 450 per apartment unit depending on the age and condition of the asset) divided by the gross sales price of the asset. The weighted average Disposition Yield for sold properties is weighted based on the projected NOI streams and the relative sales price for each respective property. 

Leasing Concessions Reflects upfront discounts on both new move-in and renewal leases on a straight-line basis. 

Non-Residential Consists of revenues and expenses from retail and public parking garage operations. 

Non-Same Store Properties For annual comparisons, primarily includes all properties acquired during 2022 and 2023, plus any properties in lease-up and not stabilized as of January 1, 2022. 

Percentage of Residents Renewing Leases renewed expressed as a percentage of total renewal offers extended during the reporting period. 

Physical Occupancy The weighted average occupied apartment units for the reporting period divided by the average of total apartment units available for rent for the reporting period. 

Renovation Expenditures Apartment unit renovation costs (primarily kitchens and baths) designed to reposition these units for higher rental levels in their respective markets. 

Replacements Includes appliances, mechanical equipment, fixtures and flooring (including hardwood and carpeting). 

Residential Consists of multifamily apartment revenues and expenses. 

Same Store Properties For annual comparisons, primarily includes all properties acquired or completed that are stabilized prior to January 1, 2022, less properties subsequently sold. Properties are included in Same Store when they are stabilized for all of the current and comparable periods presented. 

Same Store Residential Revenues Revenues from our Same Store Properties presented on a GAAP basis which reflects the impact of Leasing Concessions on a straight-line basis. 

of Stabilized Budgeted NOI Represents original budgeted 2024 NOI for stabilized properties and projected annual NOI at stabilization (defined as having achieved 90 occupancy for three consecutive months) for properties that are in lease-up. 

Total Budgeted Capital Cost Estimated remaining cost for projects under development and/or developed plus all capitalized costs incurred to date, including land acquisition costs, construction costs, capitalized real estate taxes and insurance, capitalized interest and loan fees, permits, professional fees, allocated development overhead and other regulatory fees, plus any estimates of costs remaining to be funded for all projects, all in accordance with GAAP. Amounts for partially owned consolidated and unconsolidated properties are presented at 100 of the project. 

Turnover Total Residential move-outs (including inter-property and intra-property transfers) divided by total Residential apartment units. 

Unlevered Internal Rate of Return IRR The Unlevered IRR on sold properties is the compound annual rate of return calculated by the Company based on the timing and amount of: (i) the gross purchase price of the property plus any direct acquisition costs incurred by the Company; (ii) total revenues earned during the Company s ownership period; (iii) total direct property operating expenses (including real estate taxes and insurance) incurred during the Company s ownership period; (iv) capital expenditures incurred during the Company s ownership period; and (v) the gross sales price of the property net of selling costs. 

41 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different or different assumptions were made, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied, resulting in different financial results or different presentation of our financial statements. 
 The Company s significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. These policies were followed in preparing the consolidated financial statements at and for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 The Company has identified the significant accounting policies below as critical accounting policies. These critical accounting policies are those that have the most impact on the reporting of our financial condition and those requiring significant judgments and estimates. With respect to these critical accounting policies, management believes that the application of judgments and estimates is consistently applied and produces financial information that fairly presents the results of operations for all periods presented. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 The Company evaluates its long-lived assets, including its investment in real estate, for indicators of impairment at least quarterly. The judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on factors such as operational performance, market conditions, legal, regulatory and environmental concerns, the Company s intent and ability to hold the related asset, as well as any significant cost overruns on development properties. Future events could occur which would cause the Company to conclude that impairment indicators exist and an impairment loss is warranted. Assessing impairment can be complex and involves a high degree of subjectivity in determining if indicators are present and in estimating the future undiscounted cash flows or the fair value of an asset. In particular, these estimates are sensitive to significant assumptions, including the estimation of future rental revenues, operating expenses, discount and capitalization rates and our intent and ability to hold the related asset, all of which could be affected by our expectations about future market or economic conditions. Assumptions are primarily subject to property-specific characteristics, especially with respect to our intent and ability to hold the related asset. While these property-specific assumptions can have a significant impact on the undiscounted cash flows or estimated fair value of a particular asset, our evaluation of the reported carrying values of long-lived assets during the current year were not particularly sensitive to external or market assumptions. 
 Acquisition of Investment Properties 
 The Company allocates the purchase price of properties that meet the definition of an asset acquisition to net tangible and identified intangible assets acquired based on their relative fair values using assumptions primarily based upon property-specific characteristics. In making estimates of relative fair values for purposes of allocating purchase price, the Company utilizes a number of sources, including independent appraisals that may be obtained in connection with the acquisition or financing of the respective property, our own analysis of recently acquired or developed and existing comparable properties in our portfolio and other market data. The Company also considers information obtained about each property as a result of its pre-acquisition due diligence, marketing and leasing activities in estimating the relative fair value of the tangible and intangible assets/liabilities acquired. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Funds From Operations and Normalized Funds From Operations 
 The following is the Company s and the Operating Partnership s reconciliation of net income to FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units for each of the three years ended December 31, 2023: 
 Funds From Operations and Normalized Funds From Operations 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Net income 

868,488 

806,995 

1,396,714 

Net (income) loss attributable to Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties 

(6,340) 

(3,774) 

(17,964) 

Preferred/preference distributions 

(3,090) 

(3,090) 

(3,090) 

Net income available to Common Shares and Units / Units 

859,058 

800,131 

1,375,660 

Adjustments: 

Depreciation 

888,709 

882,168 

838,272 

Depreciation Non-real estate additions 

(4,268) 

(4,306) 

(4,277) 

Depreciation Partially Owned Properties 

(2,130) 

(2,640) 

(3,673) 

Depreciation Unconsolidated Properties 

2,860 

2,898 

2,487 

Net (gain) loss on sales of unconsolidated entities - operating assets 

(9) 

(1,304) 

Net (gain) loss on sales of real estate properties 

(282,539) 

(304,325) 

(1,072,183) 

Noncontrolling Interests share of gain (loss) on sales of real estate properties 

2,336 

15,650 

FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units (1) (3) (4) 

1,464,026 

1,373,917 

1,150,632 

Adjustments: 

Impairment non-operating real estate assets 

16,769 

Write-off of pursuit costs 

3,647 

4,780 

6,526 

Debt extinguishment and preferred share redemption (gains) losses 

1,143 

4,664 

744 

Non-operating asset (gains) losses 

(13,323) 

2,368 

(22,283) 

Other miscellaneous items 

21,588 

(13,901) 

8,976 

Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units (2) (3) (4) 

1,477,081 

1,371,828 

1,161,364 

FFO (1) (3) 

1,467,116 

1,377,007 

1,153,722 

Preferred/preference distributions 

(3,090) 

(3,090) 

(3,090) 

FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units (1) (3) (4) 

1,464,026 

1,373,917 

1,150,632 

Normalized FFO (2) (3) 

1,480,171 

1,374,918 

1,164,454 

Preferred/preference distributions 

(3,090) 

(3,090) 

(3,090) 

Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units (2) (3) (4) 

1,477,081 

1,371,828 

1,161,364 

(1) The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts Nareit defines funds from operations FFO (December 2018 White Paper) as net income (computed in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP )), excluding gains or losses from sales and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate and land when connected to the main business of a REIT, impairment write-downs of investments in entities when the impairment is directly attributable to decreases in the value of depreciable real estate held by the entity and depreciation and amortization related to real estate. Adjustments for partially owned consolidated and unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures are calculated to reflect funds from operations on the same basis. 

(2) Normalized funds from operations Normalized FFO begins with FFO and excludes: 

the impact of any expenses relating to non-operating real estate asset impairment; 

pursuit cost write-offs; 

gains and losses from early debt extinguishment and preferred share redemptions; 

gains and losses from non-operating assets; and 

other miscellaneous items. 

43 

Table of Contents 

 (3) The Company believes that FFO and FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units are helpful to investors as supplemental measures of the operating performance of a real estate company, because they are recognized measures of performance by the real estate industry and by excluding gains or losses from sales and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate and excluding depreciation related to real estate (which can vary among owners of identical assets in similar condition based on historical cost accounting and useful life estimates), FFO and FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units can help compare the operating performance of a company s real estate between periods or as compared to different companies. The Company also believes that Normalized FFO and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units are helpful to investors as supplemental measures of the operating performance of a real estate company because they allow investors to compare the Company s operating performance to its performance in prior reporting periods and to the operating performance of other real estate companies without the effect of items that by their nature are not comparable from period to period and tend to obscure the Company s actual operating results. FFO, FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units, Normalized FFO and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units do not represent net income, net income available to Common Shares / Units or net cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP. Therefore, FFO, FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units, Normalized FFO and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units should not be exclusively considered as alternatives to net income, net income available to Common Shares / Units or net cash flows from operating activities as determined by GAAP or as a measure of liquidity. The Company s calculation of FFO, FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units, Normalized FFO and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units may differ from other real estate companies due to, among other items, variations in cost capitalization policies for capital expenditures and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other real estate companies. 

(4) FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units are calculated on a basis consistent with net income available to Common Shares / Units and reflects adjustments to net income for preferred distributions and premiums on redemption of preferred shares/preference units in accordance with GAAP. The equity positions of various individuals and entities that contributed their properties to the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units are collectively referred to as the Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership . Subject to certain restrictions, the Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership may exchange their OP Units for Common Shares on a one-for-one basis. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualita tive Disclosures about Market Risk 
 The Company is exposed to market risk from financial instruments primarily from changes in interest rates. Such risks derive from the refinancing of debt maturities, from exposure to interest rate fluctuations on floating rate debt and from derivative instruments utilized to swap fixed rate debt to floating or to hedge rates in anticipation of future debt issuances. Our operating results are, therefore, affected by changes in short-term interest rates, primarily SOFR and Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association SIFMA indices, which directly impact borrowings under our revolving credit facility and/or interest on secured and unsecured borrowings contractually tied to such rates. Short-term interest rates also indirectly affect the discount on notes issued under our commercial paper program. Additionally, we have exposure to long-term interest rates, particularly U.S. Treasuries, as they are utilized to price our long-term borrowings and therefore affect the cost of refinancing existing debt or incurring additional debt. 
 The Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the ARRC identified SOFR as the preferred alternative rate for USD LIBOR, which was discontinued in June 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022, SOFR became the primary basis for determining interest payments on borrowings on the Company s 2.5 billion revolving credit facility. The transition did not have a material impact on the Company's financial position or cash flows. 
 The Company monitors and manages interest rates as part of its risk management process, by targeting adequate levels of floating rate exposure and an appropriate debt maturity profile. From time to time, we may utilize derivative instruments to manage interest rate exposure and to comply with the requirements of certain lenders, but not for trading or speculative purposes. 
 The Company had total variable rate debt of 0.6 billion, representing 8.7 of total debt, and 0.5 billion, representing 6.4 of total debt, as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. If interest rates had been 100 basis points higher in 2023 and 2022 and average balances coincided with year end balances, our annual interest expense would have been 6.4 million and 4.7 million higher, respectively. Unsecured notes issued under the Company s commercial paper program are treated as variable rate debt for the purposes of this calculation even though they do not have a stated interest rate, given their short-term nature. The effect of derivatives, if applicable, is also considered when computing the total amount of variable rate debt. 
 Changes in interest rates also affect the estimated fair market value of our fixed rate debt, computed using a discounted cash flow model. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had total outstanding fixed rate debt of 6.7 billion, or 91.3 of total debt, with an estimated fair market value of 6.2 billion. If interest rates had been 100 basis points lower as of December 31, 2023, the estimated fair market value would have increased by approximately 411.2 million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total outstanding fixed rate debt of 7.0 billion, or 93.6 of total debt, with an estimated fair market value of 6.2 billion. If interest rates had been 100 basis points lower as of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair market value would have increased by approximately 397.5 million. 

44 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2023, the Company did not have any outstanding derivative instruments used for hedging purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s derivative instruments had a net asset fair value of approximately 20.7 million. If interest rates increased by 35 basis points across the curve relative to market quotes as of December 31, 2022 (a 10 upward parallel shift ), the net asset fair value of the Company s derivative instruments would be approximately 39.4 million. If interest rates decreased by 35 basis points (a 10 downward parallel shift ), the net asset fair value of the Company s derivative instruments would be approximately 1.5 million. 
 These amounts were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on the Company s financial instruments. These analyses do not consider the effects of the changes in overall economic activity that could exist in such an environment. Further, in the event of changes of such magnitude, management would likely take actions to further mitigate its exposure to these changes. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, this analysis assumes no changes in the Company s financial structure or results. 
 The Company cannot predict the effect of adverse changes in interest rates on its debt and derivative instruments and, therefore, its exposure to market risk, nor can there be any assurance that long-term debt will be available at advantageous pricing. Consequently, future results may differ materially from the estimated adverse changes discussed above. 
 Item 8. Financial Stateme nts and Supplementary Data 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule on page F-1 of this Form 10-K. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Control s and Procedures 
 Equity Residential 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures: 
 Effective as of December 31, 2023, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in its Exchange Act filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting: 
 Equity Residential s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Based on the Company s evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework, management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023. Our internal control over financial reporting has been audited as of December 31, 2023 by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting: 
 There were no changes to the internal control over financial reporting of the Company identified in connection with the Company s evaluation referred to above that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 ERP Operating Limited Partnership 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures: 
 Effective as of December 31, 2023, the Operating Partnership carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Operating Partnership s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of EQR, of the effectiveness of the Operating Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Operating Partnership in its Exchange Act filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting: 
 ERP Operating Limited Partnership s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of EQR, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Based on the Operating Partnership s evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework, management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023. Our internal control over financial reporting has been audited as of December 31, 2023 by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting: 
 There were no changes to the internal control over financial reporting of the Operating Partnership identified in connection with the Operating Partnership s evaluation referred to above that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2023, no trustee or officer of the Company or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign J urisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 Items 10, 11, 1 2, 13 and 14. 
 Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance; Executive Compensation; Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters; Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Trustee Independence; and Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 10, Item 11, Item 12 (with the exception of the Equity Compensation Plan Information provided below), Item 13 and Item 14 is incorporated by reference to, and will be contained in, Equity Residential s Proxy Statement, which the Company intends to file no later than 120 days after the end of its fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, and thus these items have been omitted in accordance with General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K. Equity Residential is the general partner and 97.0 owner of ERP Operating Limited Partnership. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2023 with respect to the Company s Common Shares that may be issued under its existing equity compensation plans. 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities in column (a)) 

(a) (1) 
 
 (b) (1) 
 
 (c) (2) 

Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 
 
 3,958,252 
 
 64.76 
 
 10,631,971 

Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

(1) The amounts shown in columns (a) and (b) of the above table do not include 320,070 outstanding Common Shares (all of which are restricted and subject to vesting requirements) that were granted under the Company s 2019 Share Incentive Plan, as amended (the 2019 Plan ), and outstanding Common Shares that have been purchased by employees and trustees under the Company s ESPP. 

(2) Includes 8,213,508 Common Shares that may be issued under the 2019 Plan and 2,418,463 Common Shares that may be sold to employees and trustees under the ESPP. 

On June 27, 2019, the shareholders of EQR approved the Company's 2019 Plan and the Company filed a Form S-8 registration statement to register 11,331,958 Common Shares under this plan. As of December 31, 2023, 8,213,508 shares were available for future issuance. The 2019 Plan expires on June 27, 2029. 
 Any Common Shares issued pursuant to EQR s incentive equity compensation and employee share purchase plans will result in ERPOP issuing OP Units to EQR on a one-for-one basis, with ERPOP receiving the net cash proceeds of such issuances. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Fina ncial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 
 (1) Financial Statements: See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule on page F-1 of this Form 10-K. 

(2) Exhibits: See the Exhibit Index. 

(3) Financial Statement Schedules: See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule on page F-1 of this Form 10-K. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this report. References to exhibits or other filings under the caption Location indicate that the exhibit or other filing has been filed, that the indexed exhibit and the exhibit referred to are the same and that the exhibit referred to is incorporated by reference. The Commission file numbers for our Exchange Act filings referenced below are 1-12252 (Equity Residential) and 0-24920 (ERP Operating Limited Partnership). 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 Location 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Restatement of Declaration of Trust of Equity Residential dated December 9, 2004. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 3.1 to Equity Residential s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004. 

3.2 
 
 Eighth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Equity Residential, effective as of October 1, 2015. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 3.1 to Equity Residential's Form 8-K dated and filed on October 1, 2015. 

3.3 
 
 First Amendment to Eighth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Equity Residential, dated November 20, 2017. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 3.1 to Equity Residential's Form 8-K dated and filed on November 20, 2017. 

3.4 
 
 Second Amendment to Eighth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Equity Residential, effective as of May 4, 2020. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 3.1 to Equity Residential's Form 8-K dated May 4, 2020, filed on May 8, 2020. 

3.5 
 
 Seventh Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership for ERP Operating Limited Partnership, dated as of March 18, 2021 and effective as of January 1, 2020. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated March 18, 2021, filed on March 24, 2021. 

3.6 
 
 Form of Preference Unit Term Sheet for 3.00 Series Q Cumulative Redeemable Preference Units. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 3.1 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated April 13, 2023, filed on April 19, 2023. 

4.1 
 
 Description of Equity Residential Common Shares Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Attached herein. 

4.2 
 
 Description of ERP Operating Limited Partnership Notes Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 4.2 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

4.3 
 
 Description of ERP Operating Limited Partnership OP Units Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Attached herein. 

4.4 
 
 Indenture, dated October 1, 1994, between the Operating Partnership and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee Indenture ). 
 
 Included as Exhibit 4(a) to ERP Operating Limited Partnership s Form S-3 filed on October 7, 1994. 

4.5 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture to Indenture, dated as of September 9, 2004. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 4.2 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership s Form 8-K, filed on September 10, 2004. 

4.6 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture to Indenture, dated as of August 23, 2006. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 4.1 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership s Form 8-K dated August 16, 2006, filed on August 23, 2006. 

4.7 
 
 Third Supplemental Indenture to Indenture, dated as of June 4, 2007. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 4.1 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership s Form 8-K dated May 30, 2007, filed on June 1, 2007. 

4.8 
 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture to Indenture, dated as of December 12, 2011. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 4.2 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated December 7, 2011, filed on December 9, 2011. 

4.9 
 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture to Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2016. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 4.6 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

4.10 
 
 Form of 3.375 Note due June 1, 2025. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 4.1 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated May 11, 2015, filed on May 13, 2015. 

4.11 
 
 Terms Agreement regarding 7.57 Notes due August 15, 2026. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 1 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership s Form 8-K, filed on August 13, 1996. 

4.12 
 
 Form of 2.850 Note due November 1, 2026. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 4.1 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated October 4, 2016, filed on October 7, 2016. 

4.13 
 
 Form of 3.250 Note due August 1, 2027. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 4.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated July 31, 2017, filed on August 2, 2017. 

4.14 
 
 Form of 3.500 Note due March 1, 2028. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 4.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated February 1, 2018, filed on February 6, 2018. 

49 

Table of Contents 

4.15 
 
 Form of 4.150 Note due December 1, 2028. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 4.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated November 28, 2018, filed on November 29, 2018. 

4.16 
 
 Form of 3.000 Note due July 1, 2029. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 4.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated June 17, 2019, filed on June 20, 2019. 

4.17 
 
 Form of 2.500 Note due February 15, 2030. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 4.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated August 20, 2019, filed on August 22, 2019. 

4.18 
 
 Form of 1.850 Note due August 1, 2031. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 4.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated August 3, 2021, filed on August 5, 2021. 

4.19 
 
 Form of 4.500 Note due July 1, 2044. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 4.2 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated June 16, 2014, filed on June 18, 2014. 

4.20 
 
 Form of 4.500 Note due June 1, 2045. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 4.2 to ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated May 11, 2015, filed on May 13, 2015. 

4.21 
 
 Form of 4.000 Note due August 1, 2047. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 4.2 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated July 31, 2017, filed on August 2, 2017. 

10.1 
 
 Noncompetition Agreement (Zell). 
 
 Included as an exhibit to Equity Residential's Form S-11 Registration Statement, File No. 33-63158. 

10.2 
 
 Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2022, among ERP Operating Limited Partnership, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the financial institutions party thereto. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated October 26, 2022, filed on October 27, 2022. 

10.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Lexford Properties, L.P. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.16 to Equity Residential's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999. 

10.4 
 
 Equity Residential 2019 Share Incentive Plan. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 99.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated June 27, 2019, filed on July 1, 2019. 

10.5 
 
 Equity Residential 2011 Share Incentive Plan. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 99.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated June 16, 2011, filed on June 22, 2011. 

10.6 
 
 First Amendment to 2011 Share Incentive Plan. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2012. 

10.7 
 
 Second Amendment to 2011 Share Incentive Plan. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2013. 

10.8 
 
 Third Amendment to 2011 Share Incentive Plan. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2014. 

10.9 
 
 Fourth Amendment to 2011 Share Incentive Plan. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2014. 

10.10 
 
 Fifth Amendment to 2011 Share Incentive Plan. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016. 

10.11 
 
 Sixth Amendment to 2011 Share Incentive Plan. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.18 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

10.12 
 
 Seventh Amendment to 2011 Share Incentive Plan. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2017. 

10.13 
 
 Form of 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022. 

50 

Table of Contents 

10.14 
 
 Form of Change in Control/Severance Agreement between the Company and other executive officers. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.13 to Equity Residential's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001. 

10.15 
 
 Form of First Amendment to Amended and Restated Change in Control/Severance Agreement with each executive officer. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2009. 

10.16 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and each trustee and executive officer. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.18 to Equity Residential's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. 

10.17 
 
 Form of Executive Retirement Benefits Agreement. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.24 to Equity Residential's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006. 

10.18 
 
 Retirement Benefits Agreement between Samuel Zell and the Company dated October 18, 2001. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.18 to Equity Residential's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001. 

10.19 
 
 Age 62 Retirement Agreement, dated September 4, 2018, by and between Equity Residential and David J. Neithercut. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2018. 

10.20 
 
 The Equity Residential Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan as Amended and Restated effective April 1, 2017. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.2 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2017. 

10.21 
 
 Amendment to the Equity Residential Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, effective as of June 1, 2020. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2020. 

10.22 
 
 Amendment to the Equity Residential Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, effective as of October 1, 2022. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022. 

10.23 
 
 The Equity Residential Grandfathered Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan as Amended and Restated effective January 1, 2005. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.2 to Equity Residential's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2008. 

10.24 
 
 Distribution Agreement, dated May 18, 2022. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 1.1 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated and filed on May 18, 2022. 

10.25 
 
 Form of Master Forward Sale Confirmation. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 1.2 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated and filed on May 18, 2022. 

10.26 
 
 Archstone Residual JV, LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.3 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated February 27, 2013, filed on February 28, 2013. 

10.27 
 
 Archstone Parallel Residual JV, LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.4 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated February 27, 2013, filed on February 28, 2013. 

10.28 
 
 Archstone Parallel Residual JV 2, LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.5 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated February 27, 2013, filed on February 28, 2013. 

10.29 
 
 Legacy Holdings JV, LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement. 
 
 Included as Exhibit 10.6 to Equity Residential's and ERP Operating Limited Partnership's Form 8-K dated February 27, 2013, filed on February 28, 2013. 

21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Equity Residential and ERP Operating Limited Partnership. 
 
 Attached herein. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP - Equity Residential. 
 
 Attached herein. 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP - ERP Operating Limited Partnership. 
 
 Attached herein. 

24 
 
 Power of Attorney. 
 
 See the signature page to this report. 

31.1 
 
 Equity Residential - Certification of Mark J. Parrell, Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Attached herein. 

31.2 
 
 Equity Residential - Certification of Robert A. Garechana, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 Attached herein. 

31.3 
 
 ERP Operating Limited Partnership - Certification of Mark J. Parrell, Chief Executive Officer of Registrant's General Partner. 
 
 Attached herein. 

31.4 
 
 ERP Operating Limited Partnership - Certification of Robert A. Garechana, Chief Financial Officer of Registrant's General Partner. 
 
 Attached herein. 

51 

Table of Contents 

32.1 
 
 Equity Residential - Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of Mark J. Parrell, Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
 
 Attached herein. 

32.2 
 
 Equity Residential - Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of Robert A. Garechana, Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 
 
 Attached herein. 

32.3 
 
 ERP Operating Limited Partnership - Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of Mark J. Parrell, Chief Executive Officer of Registrant's General Partner. 
 
 Attached herein. 

32.4 
 
 ERP Operating Limited Partnership - Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of Robert A. Garechana, Chief Financial Officer of Registrant's General Partner. 
 
 Attached herein. 

97 
 
 Incentive-Based Compensation Clawback Policy. 
 
 Attached herein. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema With Embedded Linkbase Documents. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

Management contracts and compensatory plans or arrangements filed as exhibits to this report are identified by an asterisk. 
 Filed on paper hyperlink is not required pursuant to Rule 105 of Regulation S-T. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL 

By: 
 
 /s/ Mark J. Parrell 

Mark J. Parrell President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 
 February 15, 2024 

ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP BY: EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ITS GENERAL PARTNER 

By: 
 
 /s/ Mark J. Parrell 

Mark J. Parrell President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 
 February 15, 2024 

Table of Contents 

 EQUITY RESIDENTIAL 
 ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
 POWER OF AT TORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN/WOMEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below, hereby constitutes and appoints Mark J. Parrell, Robert A. Garechana and Ian S. Kaufman, or any of them, his or her attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him or her in any and all capacities, to do all acts and things which said attorneys and agents, or any of them, deem advisable to enable the company to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any requirements or regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the company s filing of an annual report on Form 10-K for the company s fiscal year 2023, including specifically, but without limitation of the general authority hereby granted, the power and authority to sign his or her name as a trustee or officer, or both, of the company, as indicated below opposite his or her signature, to the Form 10-K, and any amendment thereto; and each of the undersigned does hereby fully ratify and confirm all that said attorneys and agents, or any of them, or the substitute of any of them, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of each registrant and in the capacities set forth below and on the dates indicated: 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Mark J. Parrell 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Trustee 
 
 February 15, 2024 

Mark J. Parrell 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Robert A. Garechana 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 15, 2024 

Robert A. Garechana 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Ian S. Kaufman 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 February 15, 2024 

Ian S. Kaufman 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Angela M. Aman 
 
 Trustee 
 
 February 15, 2024 

Angela M. Aman 

/s/ Linda Walker Bynoe 
 
 Trustee 
 
 February 15, 2024 

Linda Walker Bynoe 

/s/ Mary Kay Haben 
 
 Trustee 
 
 February 15, 2024 

Mary Kay Haben 

/s/ T. Zia Huque 
 
 Trustee 
 
 February 15, 2024 

T. Zia Huque 

/s/ John E. Neal 
 
 Trustee 
 
 February 15, 2024 

John E. Neal 

/s/ David J. Neithercut 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Trustees 
 
 February 15, 2024 

David J. Neithercut 

/s/ Mark S. Shapiro 
 
 Trustee 
 
 February 15, 2024 

Mark S. Shapiro 

/s/ Stephen E. Sterrett 
 
 Trustee 
 
 February 15, 2024 

Stephen E. Sterrett 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE 
 EQUITY RESIDENTIAL 
 ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 

PAGE 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on the Financial Statements (Equity Residential) 
 
 F- 2 to F- 3 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on the Financial Statements (ERP Operating Limited Partnership) 
 
 F- 4 to F- 5 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting (Equity Residential) 
 
 F- 6 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting (ERP Operating Limited Partnership) 
 
 F- 7 

Financial Statements of Equity Residential: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F- 8 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 9 to F- 10 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 11 to F 14 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 20 21 
 
 F- 15 to F- 16 

Financial Statements of ERP Operating Limited Partnership: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F- 17 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 18 to F- 19 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 20 to F 23 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Capital for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 20 21 
 
 F- 24 to F- 25 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of Equity Residential and ERP Operating Limited Partnership 
 
 F- 26 to F 58 

SCHEDULE FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation of Equity Residential and ERP Operating Limited Partnership 
 
 S- 1 to S- 12 

All other schedules have been omitted because they are inapplicable, not required or the information is included elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIS TERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Trustees of Equity Residential 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Equity Residential (the Company) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 15, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

Description of the Matter 
 At December 31, 2023, the Company s net investment in real estate was approximately 18.9 billion. As more fully described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company periodically evaluates its long-lived assets, including its investment in real estate, for impairment. The judgments and assumptions regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on factors such as operational performance, market conditions, legal and environmental concerns, the Company s intent and ability to hold the related asset, as well as any significant cost overruns on development properties. If the expected future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the long-lived asset, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying amount. Auditing the Company's process to evaluate indicators of impairment was complex due to a high degree of subjectivity in the identification of events or changes in circumstances that may indicate impairment was present. Changes in these judgments could have a material impact on the Company s analysis. 

F- 2 

Table of Contents 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s long-lived asset impairment evaluation, including controls over management s determination and review of the significant assumptions used in the analyses described above. We performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the judgments used by management to identify whether indicators of impairment were present and testing the significant assumptions and completeness and accuracy of market and operating data used by the Company in its analyses. We reviewed costs incurred on development properties. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current market data and performed sensitivity analyses of certain significant assumptions, such as market capitalization rates. We also held discussions with management and read the minutes of meetings of the Board of Trustees and related committees to understand whether there were any changes in management s operating and development plans that would result in the disposal of a property significantly before the end of its useful life. 

/s/ ERNST YOUNG LLP 

ERNST YOUNG LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1996. 

Chicago, Illinois 

February 15, 2024 

F- 3 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Partners of ERP Operating Limited Partnership 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ERP Operating Limited Partnership (the Operating Partnership) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in capital and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Operating Partnership at December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 15, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Operating Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Operating Partnership s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

Description of the Matter 
 At December 31, 2023, the Operating Partnership s net investment in real estate was approximately 18.9 billion. As more fully described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Operating Partnership periodically evaluates its long-lived assets, including its investment in real estate, for impairment. The judgments and assumptions regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on factors such as operational performance, market conditions, legal and environmental concerns, the Operating Partnership s intent and ability to hold the related asset, as well as any significant cost overruns on development properties. If the expected future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the long-lived asset, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying amount. Auditing the Operating Partnership's process to evaluate indicators of impairment was complex due to a high degree of subjectivity in the identification of events or changes in circumstances that may indicate impairment was present. Changes in these judgments could have a material impact on the Operating Partnership s analysis. 

F- 4 

Table of Contents 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Operating Partnership s long-lived asset impairment evaluation, including controls over management s determination and review of the significant assumptions used in the analyses described above. We performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the judgments used by management to identify whether indicators of impairment were present and testing the significant assumptions and completeness and accuracy of market and operating data used by the Operating Partnership in its analyses. We reviewed costs incurred on development properties. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current market data and performed sensitivity analyses of certain significant assumptions, such as market capitalization rates. We also held discussions with management and read the minutes of meetings of the Board of Trustees and related committees to understand whether there were any changes in management s operating and development plans that would result in the disposal of a property significantly before the end of its useful life. 

/s/ ERNST YOUNG LLP 

ERNST YOUNG LLP 

We have served as the Operating Partnership s auditor since 1996. 

Chicago, Illinois 

February 15, 2024 

F- 5 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTE RED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Trustees of Equity Residential 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Equity Residential s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Equity Residential (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated February 15, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and trustees of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ ERNST YOUNG LLP 

ERNST YOUNG LLP 

Chicago, Illinois 

February 15, 2024 

F- 6 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTE RED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Partners of ERP Operating Limited Partnership 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited ERP Operating Limited Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, ERP Operating Limited Partnership (the Operating Partnership) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in capital and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated February 15, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Operating Partnership s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and trustees of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ ERNST YOUNG LLP 

ERNST YOUNG LLP 

Chicago, Illinois 

February 15, 2024 

F- 7 

Table of Contents 

 EQUITY RESIDENTIAL 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (Amounts in thousands except for share amounts) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2023 

2022 

ASSETS 

Land 

Depreciable property 

Projects under development 

Land held for development 

Investment in real estate 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Investment in real estate, net 

Investments in unconsolidated entities 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted deposits 

Right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Liabilities: 

Mortgage notes payable, net 

Notes, net 

Line of credit and commercial paper 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued interest payable 

Lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Security deposits 

Distributions payable 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership 

Equity: 

Shareholders' equity: 

Preferred Shares of beneficial interest, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 

Common Shares of beneficial interest, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Paid in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Total shareholders equity 

Noncontrolling Interests: 

Operating Partnership 

Partially Owned Properties 

() 

Total Noncontrolling Interests 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

See accompanying notes 
 F- 8 

Table of Contents 

 EQUITY RESIDENTIAL 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS O F OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Amounts in thousands except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

REVENUES 

Rental income 

EXPENSES 

Property and maintenance 

Real estate taxes and insurance 

Property management 

General and administrative 

Depreciation 

Total expenses 

Net gain (loss) on sales of real estate properties 

Impairment 

() 

Operating income 

Interest and other income 

Other expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Interest: 

Expense incurred, net 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

() 

() 

() 

Income before income and other taxes, income (loss) from investments in unconsolidated entities and net gain (loss) on sales of land parcels 

Income and other tax (expense) benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Income (loss) from investments in unconsolidated entities 

() 

() 

() 

Net gain (loss) on sales of land parcels 

Net income 

Net (income) loss attributable to Noncontrolling Interests: 

Operating Partnership 

() 

() 

() 

Partially Owned Properties 

() 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to controlling interests 

Preferred distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Net income available to Common Shares 

Earnings per share basic: 

Net income available to Common Shares 

Weighted average Common Shares outstanding 

Earnings per share diluted: 

Net income available to Common Shares 

Weighted average Common Shares outstanding 

See accompanying notes 
 F- 9 

Table of Contents 

 EQUITY RESIDENTIAL 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPR EHENSIVE INCOME (Continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Other comprehensive income (loss) derivative instruments: 

Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the year 

Losses reclassified into earnings from other comprehensive income 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Comprehensive income 

Comprehensive (income) attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income attributable to controlling interests 

Se e accompanying notes 
 F- 10 

Table of Contents 

 EQUITY RESIDENTIAL 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Amortization of above/below market lease intangibles 

() 

Amortization of discounts and premiums on debt 

Amortization of deferred settlements on derivative instruments 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Impairment 

Write-off of pursuit costs 

(Income) loss from investments in unconsolidated entities 

Distributions from unconsolidated entities return on capital 

Net (gain) loss on sales of real estate properties 

() 

() 

() 

Net (gain) loss on sales of land parcels 

() 

Realized (gain) loss on investment securities 

() 

() 

() 

Unrealized (gain) loss on investment securities 

() 

Compensation paid with Company Common Shares 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in other assets 

() 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

Increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in lease liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in other liabilities 

() 

Increase (decrease) in security deposits 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Investment in real estate acquisitions 

() 

() 

() 

Investment in real estate development/other 

() 

() 

() 

Capital expenditures to real estate 

() 

() 

() 

Non-real estate capital additions 

() 

() 

() 

Interest capitalized for real estate and unconsolidated entities under development 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from disposition of real estate, net 

Investments in unconsolidated entities acquisitions 

() 

() 

() 

Investments in unconsolidated entities development/other 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions from unconsolidated entities return of capital 

Purchase of investment securities and other investments 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of investment securities 

Consolidation of previously unconsolidated entities 

Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes 
 F- 11 

Table of Contents 

 EQUITY RESIDENTIAL 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Debt financing costs 

() 

() 

() 

Mortgage notes payable, net: 

Proceeds 

Lump sum payoffs 

() 

() 

() 

Scheduled principal repayments 

() 

() 

() 

Notes, net: 

Proceeds 

Lump sum payoffs 

() 

Line of credit and commercial paper: 

Line of credit proceeds 

Line of credit repayments 

() 

Commercial paper proceeds 

Commercial paper repayments 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from (payments on) settlement of derivative instruments 

Finance ground lease principal payments 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of Common Shares 

Proceeds from Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP) 

Proceeds from exercise of options 

Common Shares repurchased and retired 

() 

Payment of offering costs 

() 

() 

Other financing activities, net 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisition of Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties 

() 

() 

Contributions Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties 

Contributions Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership 

Distributions: 

Common Shares 

() 

() 

() 

Preferred Shares 

() 

() 

() 

Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership 

() 

() 

() 

Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted deposits 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted deposits, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted deposits, end of year 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted deposits, end of year 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted deposits 

Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted deposits, end of year 

See accompanying notes 
 F- 12 

Table of Contents 

 EQUITY RESIDENTIAL 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized 

Net cash paid (received) for income and other taxes 

Real estate acquisitions/dispositions/other: 

Mortgage loans assumed 

Amortization of deferred financing costs: 

Investment in real estate, net 

() 

() 

() 

Other assets 

Mortgage notes payable, net 

Notes, net 

Amortization of discounts and premiums on debt: 

Mortgage notes payable, net 

Notes, net 

Amortization of deferred settlements on derivative instruments: 

Other liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Write-off of pursuit costs: 

Investment in real estate, net 

Investments in unconsolidated entities 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

(Income) loss from investments in unconsolidated entities: 

Investments in unconsolidated entities 

Other liabilities 

Realized/unrealized (gain) loss on derivative instruments: 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Interest capitalized for real estate and unconsolidated entities under development: 

Investment in real estate, net 

() 

() 

() 

Investments in unconsolidated entities 

() 

() 

() 

Investments in unconsolidated entities development/other: 

Investment in real estate, net 

Investments in unconsolidated entities 

() 

() 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Consolidation of previously unconsolidated entities: 

Investment in real estate, net 

() 

Investments in unconsolidated entities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Other liabilities 

Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties 

Debt financing costs: 

Other assets 

() 

Mortgage notes payable, net 

() 

() 

() 

Notes, net 

() 

() 

Proceeds from (payments on) settlement of derivative instruments: 

Other assets 

Other liabilities 

() 

See accompanying notes 
 F- 13 

Table of Contents 

 EQUITY RESIDENT IAL 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities initial measurement and reclassifications: 

Right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Lease liabilities 

() 

Non-cash share distribution and other transfers from unconsolidated entities: 

Investments in unconsolidated entities 

Other assets 

() 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes 
 F- 14 

Table of Contents 

 EQUITY RESIDENTIAL 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (Amounts in thousands except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

PREFERRED SHARES 

Balance, beginning of year 

Balance, end of year 

COMMON SHARES, PAR VALUE 

Balance, beginning of year 

Conversion of OP Units into Common Shares 

Issuance of Common Shares 

Exercise of share options 

Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP) 

Common Shares repurchased and retired 

() 

Share-based employee compensation expense: 

Restricted shares 

Balance, end of year 

PAID IN CAPITAL 

Balance, beginning of year 

Common Share Issuance: 

Conversion of OP Units into Common Shares 

Issuance of Common Shares 

Exercise of share options 

Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP) 

Share-based employee compensation expense: 

Restricted shares 

Share options 

ESPP discount 

Offering costs 

() 

() 

Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP) 

() 

() 

Acquisition of Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties 

() 

() 

Change in market value of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership 

() 

Adjustment for Noncontrolling Interests ownership in Operating Partnership 

() 

Balance, end of year 

RETAINED EARNINGS 

Balance, beginning of year 

Net income attributable to controlling interests 

Common Share distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Preferred Share distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Common Shares repurchased and retired 

() 

Balance, end of year 

ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Balance, beginning of year 

() 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) derivative instruments: 

Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the year 

Losses reclassified into earnings from other comprehensive income 

Balance, end of year 

() 

() 

DISTRIBUTIONS 

Distributions declared per Common Share outstanding 

See accompanying notes 
 F- 15 

Table of Contents 

 EQUITY RESIDENTIAL 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 

OPERATING PARTNERSHIP 

Balance, beginning of year 

Issuance of restricted units to Noncontrolling Interests 

Conversion of OP Units held by Noncontrolling Interests into OP Units held by General Partner 

() 

() 

() 

Equity compensation associated with Noncontrolling Interests 

Net income attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 

Distributions to Noncontrolling Interests 

() 

() 

() 

Change in carrying value of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership 

() 

Adjustment for Noncontrolling Interests ownership in Operating Partnership 

() 

() 

Balance, end of year 

PARTIALLY OWNED PROPERTIES 

Balance, beginning of year 

() 

Net income attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 

Contributions by Noncontrolling Interests 

Distributions to Noncontrolling Interests 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisition of Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties 

() 

() 

Consolidation of previously unconsolidated entities 

Balance, end of year 

() 

S ee accompanying notes 
 F- 16 

Table of Contents 

 ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2023 

2022 

ASSETS 

Land 

Depreciable property 

Projects under development 

Land held for development 

Investment in real estate 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Investment in real estate, net 

Investments in unconsolidated entities 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted deposits 

Right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL 

Liabilities: 

Mortgage notes payable, net 

Notes, net 

Line of credit and commercial paper 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued interest payable 

Lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Security deposits 

Distributions payable 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Redeemable Limited Partners 

Capital: 

Partners Capital: 

Preference Units 

General Partner 

Limited Partners 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Total partners capital 

Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties 

() 

Total capital 

Total liabilities and capital 

See accompanying notes 
 F- 17 

Table of Contents 

 ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERA TIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Amounts in thousands except per Unit data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

REVENUES 

Rental income 

EXPENSES 

Property and maintenance 

Real estate taxes and insurance 

Property management 

General and administrative 

Depreciation 

Total expenses 

Net gain (loss) on sales of real estate properties 

Impairment 

() 

Operating income 

Interest and other income 

Other expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Interest: 

Expense incurred, net 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

() 

() 

() 

Income before income and other taxes, income (loss) from investments in unconsolidated entities and net gain (loss) on sales of land parcels 

Income and other tax (expense) benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Income (loss) from investments in unconsolidated entities 

() 

() 

() 

Net gain (loss) on sales of land parcels 

Net income 

Net (income) loss attributable to Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties 

() 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to controlling interests 

ALLOCATION OF NET INCOME: 

Preference Units 

General Partner 

Limited Partners 

Net income available to Units 

Earnings per Unit basic: 

Net income available to Units 

Weighted average Units outstanding 

Earnings per Unit diluted: 

Net income available to Units 

Weighted average Units outstanding 

See accompanying notes 
 F- 18 

Table of Contents 

 ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands except per Unit data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Other comprehensive income (loss) derivative instruments: 

Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the year 

Losses reclassified into earnings from other comprehensive income 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Comprehensive income 

Comprehensive (income) attributable to Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties 

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income attributable to controlling interests 

See accompanying notes 
 F- 19 

Table of Contents 

 ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Amortization of above/below market lease intangibles 

() 

Amortization of discounts and premiums on debt 

Amortization of deferred settlements on derivative instruments 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Impairment 

Write-off of pursuit costs 

(Income) loss from investments in unconsolidated entities 

Distributions from unconsolidated entities return on capital 

Net (gain) loss on sales of real estate properties 

() 

() 

() 

Net (gain) loss on sales of land parcels 

() 

Realized (gain) loss on investment securities 

() 

() 

() 

Unrealized (gain) loss on investment securities 

() 

Compensation paid with Company Common Shares 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in other assets 

() 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

Increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in lease liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in other liabilities 

() 

Increase (decrease) in security deposits 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Investment in real estate acquisitions 

() 

() 

() 

Investment in real estate development/other 

() 

() 

() 

Capital expenditures to real estate 

() 

() 

() 

Non-real estate capital additions 

() 

() 

() 

Interest capitalized for real estate and unconsolidated entities under development 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from disposition of real estate, net 

Investments in unconsolidated entities acquisitions 

() 

() 

() 

Investments in unconsolidated entities development/other 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions from unconsolidated entities return of capital 

Purchase of investment securities and other investments 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of investment securities 

Consolidation of previously unconsolidated entities 

Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes 
 F- 20 

Table of Contents 

 ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Debt financing costs 

() 

() 

() 

Mortgage notes payable, net: 

Proceeds 

Lump sum payoffs 

() 

() 

() 

Scheduled principal repayments 

() 

() 

() 

Notes, net: 

Proceeds 

Lump sum payoffs 

() 

Line of credit and commercial paper: 

Line of credit proceeds 

Line of credit repayments 

() 

Commercial paper proceeds 

Commercial paper repayments 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from (payments on) settlement of derivative instruments 

Finance ground lease principal payments 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of OP Units 

Proceeds from EQR s Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP) 

Proceeds from exercise of EQR options 

OP Units repurchased and retired 

() 

Payment of offering costs 

() 

() 

Other financing activities, net 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisition of Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties 

() 

() 

Contributions Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties 

Contributions Limited Partners 

Distributions: 

OP Units General Partner 

() 

() 

() 

Preference Units 

() 

() 

() 

OP Units Limited Partners 

() 

() 

() 

Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted deposits 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted deposits, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted deposits, end of year 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted deposits, end of year 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted deposits 

Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted deposits, end of year 

See accompanying notes 
 F- 21 

Table of Contents 

 ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized 

Net cash paid (received) for income and other taxes 

Real estate acquisitions/dispositions/other: 

Mortgage loans assumed 

Amortization of deferred financing costs: 

Investment in real estate, net 

() 

() 

() 

Other assets 

Mortgage notes payable, net 

Notes, net 

Amortization of discounts and premiums on debt: 

Mortgage notes payable, net 

Notes, net 

Amortization of deferred settlements on derivative instruments: 

Other liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Write-off of pursuit costs: 

Investment in real estate, net 

Investments in unconsolidated entities 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

(Income) loss from investments in unconsolidated entities: 

Investments in unconsolidated entities 

Other liabilities 

Realized/unrealized (gain) loss on derivative instruments: 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Interest capitalized for real estate and unconsolidated entities under development: 

Investment in real estate, net 

() 

() 

() 

Investments in unconsolidated entities 

() 

() 

() 

Investments in unconsolidated entities development/other: 

Investment in real estate, net 

Investments in unconsolidated entities 

() 

() 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Consolidation of previously unconsolidated entities: 

Investment in real estate, net 

() 

Investments in unconsolidated entities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Other liabilities 

Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties 

Debt financing costs: 

Other assets 

() 

Mortgage notes payable, net 

() 

() 

() 

Notes, net 

() 

() 

Proceeds from (payments on) settlement of derivative instruments: 

Other assets 

Other liabilities 

() 

See accompanying notes 
 F- 22 

Table of Contents 

 ERP OPERATING LIMIT ED PARTNERSHIP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities initial measurement and reclassifications: 

Right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Lease liabilities 

() 

Non-cash share distribution and other transfers from unconsolidated entities: 

Investments in unconsolidated entities 

Other assets 

() 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes 
 F- 23 

Table of Contents 

 ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN CAPITAL 
 (Amounts in thousands except per Unit data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

PARTNERS CAPITAL 

PREFERENCE UNITS 

Balance, beginning of year 

Balance, end of year 

GENERAL PARTNER 

Balance, beginning of year 

OP Unit Issuance: 

Conversion of OP Units held by Limited Partners into OP Units held by General Partner 

Issuance of OP Units 

Exercise of EQR share options 

EQR s Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP) 

Share-based employee compensation expense: 

EQR restricted shares 

EQR share options 

EQR ESPP discount 

OP Units repurchased and retired 

() 

Net income available to Units General Partner 

OP Units General Partner distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Offering costs 

() 

() 

Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP) 

() 

() 

Acquisition of Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties 

() 

() 

Change in market value of Redeemable Limited Partners 

() 

Adjustment for Limited Partners ownership in Operating Partnership 

() 

Balance, end of year 

LIMITED PARTNERS 

Balance, beginning of year 

Issuance of restricted units to Limited Partners 

Conversion of OP Units held by Limited Partners into OP Units held by General Partner 

() 

() 

() 

Equity compensation associated with Units Limited Partners 

Net income available to Units Limited Partners 

Units Limited Partners distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Change in carrying value of Redeemable Limited Partners 

() 

Adjustment for Limited Partners ownership in Operating Partnership 

() 

() 

Balance, end of year 

ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Balance, beginning of year 

() 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) derivative instruments: 

Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the year 

Losses reclassified into earnings from other comprehensive income 

Balance, end of year 

() 

() 

DISTRIBUTIONS 

Distributions declared per Unit outstanding 

See accompanying notes 
 F- 24 

Table of Contents 

 ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHA NGES IN CAPITAL (Continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands except per Unit data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 

NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS PARTIALLY OWNED PROPERTIES 

Balance, beginning of year 

() 

Net income attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 

Contributions by Noncontrolling Interests 

Distributions to Noncontrolling Interests 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisition of Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties 

() 

() 

Consolidation of previously unconsolidated entities 

Balance, end of year 

() 

S ee accompanying notes 
 F- 25 

Table of Contents 

 EQUITY RESIDENTIAL 
 ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 ownership interest in, ERPOP. All of the Company s property ownership, development and related business operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership and EQR has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in ERPOP. EQR issues equity from time to time, the net proceeds of which it is obligated to contribute to ERPOP, but does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of the assets of the Company, including the Company s ownership interests in its joint ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. As of December 31, 2023, the Company, directly or indirectly through investments in title holding entities, owned all or a portion of properties located in states and the District of Columbia consisting of apartment units. 

Partially Owned Properties Consolidated 

. 

 Lease Intangibles The Company considers the value of acquired in-place leases and above/below market leases and the amortization period is the average remaining term of each respective acquired lease. 

 Other Intangible Assets The Company considers whether it has acquired other intangible assets, including any customer relationship intangibles and the amortization period is the estimated useful life of the acquired intangible asset. 

 Building Based on the allocation of the relative fair value determined on an as-if vacant basis. Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line method over an estimated useful life of . 

 Long-Term Debt The Company calculates the allocation of the relative fair value by discounting the remaining contractual cash flows on each instrument at the current market rate for those borrowings. 

 Replacements inside an apartment unit such as appliances and carpeting are depreciated over an estimated useful life of five to . Expenditures for ordinary maintenance and repairs are expensed to operations as incurred and significant renovations and building improvements that improve and/or extend the useful life of the asset are capitalized over their estimated useful life, generally five to . Initial direct leasing costs are expensed as incurred as such expense approximates the deferral and amortization of initial direct leasing costs over the lease terms. The Company classifies real estate assets as real estate held for sale when it is probable a property will be disposed of. The Company classifies properties under development and/or expansion and properties in the lease-up phase (including land) as construction-in-progress until construction has been completed and certificates of occupancy permits have been obtained. 

the Company uses its professional judgment in determining whether such costs meet the criteria for capitalization or must be expensed as incurred. The Company capitalizes interest, real estate taxes and insurance, as well as payroll for those individuals directly responsible for and who spend their time on the execution and supervision of development activities. Additionally, the Company capitalizes payroll for those individuals directly responsible for and who spend their time on the execution and supervision of major capital and/or renovation projects. Capitalization ends when the asset, or a portion of the asset, is substantially completed and ready for its intended use. These costs are reflected on the balance sheets as increases to depreciable property and/or construction-in-progress. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company capitalized mil lion and million, respectively, of payroll and associated costs of employees directly responsible for and who spend their time on the execution and supervision of development activities as well as major capital and/or renovation projects. 

lease terms with market-based renewal options and consist of ground floor retail spaces and master-leased parking garages that serve as additional amenities for our residents. The majority of the Company s revenue is derived from residential, non-residential and other lease income. Our revenue streams have the same timing and pattern of revenue recognition across our reportable segments, with consistent allocations between the lease and revenue recognition standards. The Company elected an accounting policy to account for both its lease and non-lease components (specifically common area maintenance charges) as a single lease component under the lease standard. The Company is a lessor for its residential and non-residential leases and is a lessee for its corporate headquarters and regional offices and ground leases for land underlying current operating properties or projects under development. If applicable, lease agreements must be evaluated to determine the accounting treatment as a finance or operating lease in accordance with the lease standard. The lease standard also requires lessees to recognize on the balance sheet: (a) a liability for the lease obligation (initially measured at the present value of the future lease payments not yet paid over the lease term); and (b) an asset for its right to use the underlying asset (initially equal to the lease liability). The Company uses estimates and judgments on the discount rate used to calculate the present value of the future lease payments. The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate because the Company typically cannot readily determine the rate implicit in the lease. Since the Company s credit backs the corporate office lease obligations and the lease terms are generally or less, the discount rate range was estimated by using the Company s borrowing rates for actual pricing data. The discount rate range for ground leases takes into account various factors, including the longer life of the ground leases, and was estimated by using the Company s borrowing rates for actual pricing data through years and other long-term market rates. The Company s income streams that are not accounted for under the lease standard include: Parking revenue The Company s parking revenue, not related to leasing, is derived primarily from monthly and transient daily parking and is accounted for at the point in time when control of the goods or services transfers to the customer and our performance obligation is satisfied. 

 Other rental and non-rental related revenue The Company receives other income, including, but not limited to: (a) ancillary income, such as laundry, renters insurance and cable income; and (b) miscellaneous fee income. 

 Fee and asset management revenue and interest income The Company s fee and asset management revenue and interest income are recorded on an accrual basis. 

 Gains or losses on sales of real estate properties The Company accounts for the sale of real estate properties and any related gain recognition in accordance with the accounting guidance applicable to sales of real estate, which establishes standards for recognition of profit on all real estate sales transactions. The Company recognizes the sale and associated gain or loss from the disposition when control transfers to unrelated third parties, contingencies have been removed and sufficient cash consideration has been received by the Company. 

 See Note 8 for the Company s rental income detail allocated between the lease and revenue recognition standards. The Company s allowance for doubtful accounts (which offsets accounts receivable and is included within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets) and bad debts (which reduce rental income on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income) have historically been very modest, particularly in our residential business, given the quality of our resident base and asset class. However, due to the impact of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic and extended eviction moratoriums enacted during the pandemic, the allowance for doubtful accounts and bad debts were elevated in 2021, 2022 and 2023, though gradually declined throughout 2023. In accordance with the lease standard, if we determine the lease payments are not probable of collection (based on known troubled accounts, rent deferral plans granted, historical experience and other currently available evidence), we fully reserve for any unpaid amounts, deferred rent receivable, variable lease payments and straight-line receivable balances and recognize rental income only if cash is received. If we later determine that these lease payments are probable of collection (based on sustained clean payment history, no deferral plans granted and other currently available evidence), we will no longer fully reserve for the respective current receivable balances, we will reinstate the straight-line balances for the respective leases and we will no longer recognize rental income only if cash is received. If the Company s estimates of collectibility differ from the cash received, then the timing and amount of the Company s reported revenue could be impacted. See Note 8 for additional details. 
 par value per share (the Common Shares ), issued pursuant to EQR s incentive equity compensation and employee share purchase plans will result in ERPOP issuing units of partnership interest OP Units to EQR on a one-for-one basis, with ERPOP receiving the net cash proceeds of such issuances. See Note 12 for further discussion. 
 provision for federal income taxes at the EQR level. In addition, ERPOP generally is not liable for federal income taxes as the partners recognize their allocable share of income or loss in their tax returns; therefore no provision for federal income taxes has been made at the ERPOP level. Historically, the Company has generally only incurred certain state and local income, excise and franchise taxes. The Company has elected taxable REIT subsidiary status for certain of its corporate subsidiaries and, as a result, these entities will incur both federal and state income taxes on any taxable income of such entities after consideration of any net operating losses. 

Income and other tax expense (benefit) (1) 

(1) All provisions for income tax amounts are current and none are deferred. 

Long-term capital gain 

Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 

Dividends and distributions per 

Common Share/Unit outstanding 

(1) The Company s fourth quarter 2023 dividends and distributions of per Common Share/Unit outstanding will be included as taxable income in calendar year 2024. 

 (2) The Company s fourth quarter 2022 dividends and distributions of per Common Share/Unit outstanding was included as taxable income in calendar year 2023. 

 (3) The Company s fourth quarter 2021 dividends and distributions of per Common Share/Unit outstanding was included as taxable income in calendar year 2022. 

The Company issued Internal Revenue Service IRS Form 1099-DIV to shareholders to report the tax character of Company distributions consistent with these amounts. The Company provides additional information to assist shareholders in the preparation of their tax returns. For 2023, the Company reported an Alternative Minimum Tax ("AMT") preference adjustment equal to per share a nd disclosed amounts defined under Treasury Regulation 1.1061-6(c) as One Year Amounts Disclosure and Three Year Amounts Disclosure equal to per share and per share, resp ectively. 

properties consisting of ap artment units having a noncontrolling interest balance of million at December 31, 2023 . The Company is required to make certain disclosures regarding noncontrolling interests in consolidated limited-life subsidiaries. Of the consolidated entities described above, the Company is the controlling partner in limited-life partnerships owning properties having a noncontrolling interest deficit balance of million. These two partnership agreements contain provisions that require the partnerships to be liquidated through the sale of their assets upon reaching a date specified in each respective partnership agreement. The Company, as controlling partner, has an obligation to cause the property owning partnerships to distribute the proceeds of liquidation to the Noncontrolling Interests in these Partially Owned Properties only to the extent that the net proceeds received by the partnerships from the sale of their assets warrant a distribution based on the partnership agreements. As of December 31, 2023, the Company estimates the value of Noncontrolling Interest distributions for these two properties would have been approximately million Settlement Value had the partnerships been liquidated. This Settlement Value is based on estimated third-party consideration realized by the partnerships upon disposition of the two Partially Owned Properties and is net of all other assets and liabilities, including yield maintenance on the mortgages encumbering the properties, that would have been due on December 31, 2023 had those mortgages been prepaid. Due to, among other things, the inherent uncertainty in the sale of real estate assets, the amount of any potential distribution to the Noncontrolling Interests in the Company s Partially Owned Properties is subject to change. To the extent that the partnerships underlying assets are worth less than the underlying liabilities, the Company has no obligation to remit any consideration to the Noncontrolling Interests in these Partially Owned Properties. 

F- 32 

Table of Contents 

Common Shares Issued: 

Conversion of OP Units 

Issuance of Common Shares 

Exercise of share options 

Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP) 

Restricted share grants, net 

Common Shares Other: 

Repurchased and retired 

() 

Common Shares outstanding at December 31, 

Units 

Units outstanding at January 1, 

Restricted unit grants, net 

Conversion of OP Units to Common Shares 

() 

() 

() 

Units outstanding at December 31, 

Total Common Shares and Units outstanding at December 31, 

Units Ownership Interest in Operating Partnership 

Issued to General Partner: 

Issuance of OP Units 

Exercise of EQR share options 

EQR s Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP) 

EQR s restricted share grants, net 

Issued to Limited Partners: 

Restricted unit grants, net 

General Partner Other: 

OP Units repurchased and retired 

() 

General and Limited Partner Units outstanding at December 31, 

Limited Partner Units 

Limited Partner Units outstanding at January 1, 

Limited Partner restricted unit grants, net 

Conversion of Limited Partner OP Units to EQR Common Shares 

() 

() 

() 

Limited Partner Units outstanding at December 31, 

Limited Partner Units Ownership Interest in Operating Partnership 

The equity positions of various individuals and entities that contributed their properties to the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units, as well as the equity positions of the holders of restricted units, are collectively referred to as the Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership and Limited Partners Capital, respectively, for the Company and the Operating Partnership. Subject to certain exceptions (including the book-up requirements of restricted units), the Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership/Limited Partners Capital may exchange their Units with EQR for Common Shares on a one-for-one basis. The carrying value of the Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership/Limited Partners Capital (including redeemable interests) is allocated based on the number of Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership/Limited Partners Capital in total in proportion to the number of Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership/Limited Partners Capital in total plus the total number of Common Shares/General Partner Units. Net income is allocated to the Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership/Limited Partners Capital based on the weighted average ownership percentage during the period. The Operating Partnership has the right but not the obligation to make a cash payment instead of issuing Common Shares to any and all holders of Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership/Limited Partners Capital requesting an exchange of their Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership/Limited Partners Capital with EQR. Once the Operating Partnership elects not to redeem the Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership/Limited Partners Capital for cash, EQR is obligated to deliver Common Shares to the exchanging holder of the Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership/Limited Partners Capital. The Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership/Limited Partners Capital are classified as either mezzanine equity or permanent equity. If EQR is required, either by contract or securities law, to deliver registered Common Shares, such Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership/Limited Partners Capital are differentiated and referred to as Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership and Redeemable Limited Partners, respectively. Instruments that require settlement in registered shares cannot be classified in permanent equity as it is not always completely within an issuer s control to deliver registered shares. Therefore, settlement in cash is assumed and that responsibility for settlement in cash is deemed to fall to the Operating Partnership as the primary source of cash for EQR, resulting in presentation in the mezzanine section of the balance sheet. The Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership/Redeemable Limited Partners are adjusted to the greater of carrying value or fair market value based on the Common Share price of EQR at the end of each respective reporting period. EQR has the ability to deliver unregistered Common Shares for the remaining portion of the Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership/Limited Partners Capital that are classified in permanent equity at December 31, 2023 and 2022. The carrying value of the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership/Redeemable Limited Partners is allocated based on the number of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership/Redeemable Limited Partners in proportion to the number of Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership/Limited Partners Capital in total. Such percentage of the total carrying value of Units/Limited Partner Units which is ascribed to the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership/Redeemable Limited Partners is then adjusted to the greater of carrying value or fair market value as described above. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership/Redeemable Limited Partners have a redemption value of approximately million and million, respectively, which represents the value of Common Shares that would be issued in exchange for the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership/Redeemable Limited Partners. T 

Change in market value 

() 

() 

Change in carrying value 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 

Net proceeds from EQR Common Share and Preferred Share (see definition below) offerings and proceeds from exercise of options for Common Shares are contributed by EQR to ERPOP. In return for those contributions, EQR receives a number of OP Units in ERPOP equal to the number of Common Shares it has issued in the equity offering (or in the case of a preferred equity offering, a number of preference units in ERPOP equal in number and having the same terms as the Preferred Shares issued in the equity offering). As a result, the net proceeds from Common Shares and Preferred Shares are allocated for the Company between shareholders equity and Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership and for the Operating Partnership between General Partner s Capital and Limited Partners Capital to account for the change in their respective percentage ownership of the underlying equity. The Company s declaration of trust authorizes it to issue up to preferred shares of beneficial interest, par value per share (the Preferred Shares ), with specific rights, preferences and other attributes as the Board of Trustees may determine, which may include preferences, powers and rights that are senior to the rights of holders of the Company s Common Shares. par value; shares authorized: 

Series K Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares/Preference Units; liquidation value per share/unit; shares/units issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 

(1) On or after the call date, redeemable Preferred Shares/Preference Units may be redeemed for cash at the option of the Company or the Operating Partnership, respectively, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to the liquidation price per share/unit, plus accrued and unpaid distributions, if any. 

 (2) Dividends on Preferred Shares/Preference Units are payable quarterly. 

Other EQR and ERPOP currently have an active universal shelf registration statement for the issuance of equity and debt securities that automatically became effective upon filing with the SEC in May 2022 and expires in May 2025. Per the terms of ERPOP s partnership agreement, EQR contributes the net proceeds of all equity offerings to the capital of ERPOP in exchange for additional OP Units (on a one-for-one Common Share per OP Unit basis) or preference units (on a one-for-one preferred share per preference unit basis). The Company has an At-The-Market ATM share offering program which allows EQR to issue Common Shares from time to time into the existing trading market at current market prices or through negotiated transactions, including under forward sale arrangements. The current program matures in May 2025 and gives us the authority to issue up to million shares, all of which remain available for issuance as of December 31, 2023. Forward sale agreements under the ATM program allow the Company, at its election, to settle the agreements by issuing Common Shares in exchange for net proceeds at the then-applicable forward sale price specified by the agreement or, alternatively, to settle the agreements in whole or in part through the delivery or receipt of Common Shares or cash. Issuances of shares under these forward sale agreements are classified as equity transactions. Accordingly, amounts relating to the forward sale agreements are recorded in the consolidated financial statements until settlement occurs. Prior to any settlements, the only impact to the consolidated financial statements is the inclusion of incremental shares, if any, within the calculation of diluted net income per share using the treasury stock method (see Note 11 for additional discussion). The actual forward price per share to be received by the Company upon settlement will be determined on the applicable settlement date based on adjustments made to the initial forward price to reflect the then-current overnight federal funds rate and the amount of dividends paid to holders of the Company s Common Shares over the term of the forward sale agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2021 and part of the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had forward sale agreements outstanding for approximately million Common Shares at a weighted average initial forward price per share of . During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company settled all of the outstanding forward sale agreements, at a weighted average forward price per share of , which is inclusive of adjustments made to reflect the then-current federal funds rate and the amount of dividends paid to holders of the Company's Common Shares, for net proceeds of approximately million. Concurrent with this transaction, ERPOP issued the same amount of OP Units to EQR in exchange for the net proceeds. During the year ended December 31, 2023 , the Company repurchased and subsequently retired approximately million shares at a weighted average price per share of of its Common Shares in the open market under its share repurchase program. Concurrent with these transactions, ERPOP repurchased and retired the same amount of OP Units previously issued to EQR. As of December 31, 2023 , EQR had remaining authorization to repurchase up to of its shares. See Note 18 for further discussion. During the year ended December 31, 2023 , ERPOP issued million of Series Q Cumulative Redeemable Preference Units (the "Series Q Preference Units") in connection with the buyout of the noncontrolling interest in a consolidated operating property. The Series Q Preference Units have a liquidation value of per unit and pay distributions quarterly at the annual rate of per unit. The Series Q Preference Units can be redeemed for, at EQR's/ERPOP's option, Common Shares, OP Units and/or cash upon the occurrence of specific events laid out in the agreement. If redeemed for Common Shares or OP Units, the number of shares/units issued is based on the Common Share price. The Series Q Preference Units increased the balance of Noncontrolling Interests - Partially Owned Properties in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Depreciable property: 

Buildings and improvements 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

In-Place lease intangibles 

Projects under development: 

Land 

Construction-in-progress 

Land held for development: 

Land 

Construction-in-progress 

Investment in real estate 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Investment in real estate, net 

Total 

(1) Purchase price and purchase price allocation are both net of a mark-to-market discount of approximately million on a mortgage assumed in connection with the purchase of a property. 

 (2) Purchase price allocation includes capitalized closing costs. 

Total 

(1) Purchase price allocation includes capitalized closing costs. 

Total 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company disposed of the following to unaffiliated parties (sales price and net gain in thousands): 

Properties 

Apartment Units 

Sales Price 

Net Gain 

Rental Properties Consolidated 

Total 

Impairment During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an approximate million non-cash asset impairment charge on a land parcel which is included in land held for development on the consolidated balance sheets and included in the non-same store/other segment discussed in Note 17. The charge was the result of an analysis of the parcel s estimated fair value (determined using internally developed models based on market assumptions and potential sales data from the marketing process) compared to its current capitalized carrying value after reassessment of our expected hold period for the parcel. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 , the land parcel's carrying value was million. 

Total 

The closing of pending transactions is subject to certain conditions and restrictions; therefore there can be no assurance that the transactions will be consummated or that the final terms will not differ in material respects from any agreements summarized above. See Note 18 for discussion of the properties acquired or disposed of, if any, subsequent to December 31, 2023 . 

2022 Consolidated Joint Ventures (VIE) 

(1) The land parcel under one of the properties in 2023 is subject to a long-term ground lease. 

 (2) The land parcel under this project is subject to a long-term ground lease. 

 (3) Represents separate consolidated joint ventures for the purpose of developing multifamily rental properties. 

 (4) Represents separate consolidated joint ventures that have not yet started. 

 (5) Represents the intended number of apartment units to be developed. 

Consolidated Liabilities 

During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company completed the following transactions: 2023 Acquired its joint venture partner's interest in a -unit apartment property for million, of which the Company paid million in cash and ERPOP issued million of Series Q Preference Units (see Note 3 for additional discussion). The property is now wholly owned. In connection with the buyout, the carrying amount of the Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties totaling million was reduced to and the remaining million was recorded to paid in capital/General Partner's Capital. The Company also repaid million of mortgage debt at par prior to maturity in conjunction with the buyout; 

 Repaid the million outstanding principal balance of the variable rate construction mortgage for of its consolidated development joint ventures; 

 Sold partially owned property consisting of apartment units for approximately million; and 

 Entered into an amended joint venture agreement for of the unconsolidated projects held for development for the purpose of making the Company the joint venture manager and responsible for funding any further budgeted project costs up to a million commitment as preferred and mezzanine contributions. The project is now consolidated. There was funding at the closing of the amended joint venture. See the supplemental information in the consolidated statements of cash flows for disclosure of the consolidated amounts. 

 2022 Acquired its joint venture partner s interest in a -unit apartment property for million, and the property is now wholly owned. In connection with the buyout, the carrying amount of the Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties totaling million was reduced to and the remaining million was recorded to paid in capital/General Partner's Capital. 

Aggregate loan commitments 

Amounts borrowed under loan commitments (1) 

(1) See Note 9 for the proceeds of secured conventional floating rate debt under Mortgage Notes Payable . 

Investments in Unconsolidated Entities The Company has various equity interests in certain joint ventures that are unconsolidated and accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Most of these have been deemed to be VIEs and the Company is not the VIEs' primary beneficiary. The remaining have been deemed not to be VIEs and the Company does not have a controlling voting interest. 

Varies 

Projects Under Development and Land Held for Development (VIE) 

- (1) 

Real Estate Technology Funds/Companies (VIE) 

Varies 

Other 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Varies 

Investments in Unconsolidated Entities 

(1) In certain instances, the joint venture agreements contain provisions for promoted interests in favor of our joint venture partner. If the terms of the promoted interest are attained, then our share of the proceeds from a sale or other capital event of the unconsolidated entity may be less than the indicated ownership percentage. 

2022 Unconsolidated Joint Ventures (VIE) 

(1) Represents entities that hold various real estate investments. 

 (2) Represents separate unconsolidated joint ventures for the purpose of developing multifamily rental properties. 

 (3) Represents separate unconsolidated joint ventures that have not yet started. 

 (4) Represents the intended number of apartment units to be developed. 

 (5) The land parcel under of the projects is subject to a long-term ground lease. 

New Development Joint Ventures 

Apartment units (2) 

Investments in unconsolidated entities acquisitions 

(1) The entities qualify as VIEs, but the Company is not the primary beneficiary because it does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE s performance. Therefore, the entities are unconsolidated and recorded using the equity method of accounting. See Note 2 for additional discussion. 

 (2) Represents the intended number of apartment units to be developed. 

F- 39 

Table of Contents 

Mortgage principal reserves/sinking funds 

Mortgage escrow deposits 

Restricted cash: 

Earnest money on pending acquisitions 

Restricted deposits on real estate investments 

Resident security and utility deposits 

Replacement reserves 

Other 

Restricted cash 

Restricted deposits 

Utility recoveries (RUBS income) (1) 

Parking rent 

Other lease revenue (2) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total lease revenue 

Parking revenue 

Other revenue 

Total other rental income (3) 

Rental income 

(1) RUBS income primarily consists of variable payments representing the recovery of utility costs from residents. 

 (2) Other lease revenue consists of the revenue adjustment related to bad debt (see below for further discussion) and other miscellaneous lease revenue. 

 (3) Other rental income is accounted for under the revenue recognition standard and primarily consists of third-party transient parking revenue and ancillary income such as cable and laundry revenue. 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net receivable balances 

Straight-line receivable balances 

(1) 

(1) During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded a non-cash write-off of approximately million in straight-line receivables due to the bankruptcy of Rite Aid. 

of residential rental income 

(1) Bad debt, net benefited from additional resident payments due to governmental rental assistance programs of approximately million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 

Lessee Accounting The Company is the lessee under various corporate office and ground leases for which the Company recognizes right-of-use ROU assets and related lease liabilities. 

Ground leases (finance) 

Ground leases (operating) 

Right-of-use assets 

Lease liabilities: 

Corporate office leases (operating) 

Ground leases (finance) 

Ground leases (operating) 

Lease liabilities 

Corporate office leases The Company leases ten corporate offices with lease expiration dates ranging from through (inclusive of applicable extension options). During the year ended December 31, 2023 , the Company entered into two new corporate office leases which are being accounted for as operating leases and recorded initial lease liabilities and ROU assets of approximately million. Ground leases The Company maintains consolidated long-term ground leases for operating properties with lease expiration dates ranging from through (inclusive of applicable purchase options). The Company owns the building and improvements. Additional disclosures 

Amortization of right-of-use assets (expensed) 

Interest on lease liabilities (capitalized) 

Interest on lease liabilities (expensed) 

Operating lease cost: 

Corporate office leases 

Ground leases 

Variable lease cost: 

Corporate office leases 

Ground leases 

Total lease cost 

December 31, 2023 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Other information: 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 

Investing cash flows from finance leases 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Operating cash flows from operating leases: 

Corporate office leases 

Ground leases 

Weighted-average remaining lease term finance leases 
 
 years 

years 

years 

Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases: 

Corporate office leases 
 
 years 

years 

years 

Ground leases 
 
 years 

years 

years 

Weighted-average discount rate finance leases 

Weighted-average discount rate operating leases: 

Corporate office leases 

Ground leases 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Operating Leases: 

Minimum Rent Payments (a) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Minimum Rent Receipts (b) 

(a) Minimum basic rent due for corporate office leases and base rent due on ground leases where the Company is the lessee. 

 (b) Minimum basic rent receipts due for various non-residential space where the Company is the lessor. Excludes residential leases due to their short-term nature. 

Less: Lease discount 

() 

Lease liabilities 

(2) 

(3) 
 
 () 
 (2) 

() 

Floating Rate Debt: 

Secured Conventional 

() 

() 

Secured Tax Exempt 

() 

Floating Rate Debt 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

(1) Represents amortization of deferred financing costs, net of debt financing costs. 

 (2) Obtained million of fixed rate mortgage debt maturing in September 2033 and million of fixed rate mortgage debt maturing in September 2033 . The secured notes totaling million have an all-in effective interest rate of approximately . The proceeds from these loans were used, along with funding from the Company s commercial paper note program, to repay million of fixed rate mortgage debt that was due to mature in November 2023 . 

 (3) Assumed million of fixed rate mortgage debt maturing in September 2030 on acquired property and recorded an initial discount of approximately million. 

Mortgage notes payable, net as of December 31, 2021 

Proceeds 

Lump sum payoffs 

Scheduled principal repayments 

Amortization of premiums/ discounts 

Amortization of deferred financing costs, net (1) 

Mortgage notes payable, net as of December 31, 2022 

Fixed Rate Debt: 

Secured Conventional 

() 

() 

Floating Rate Debt: 

Secured Conventional 

(2) 

() 

Secured Tax Exempt 

Floating Rate Debt 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

(1) Represents amortization of deferred financing costs, net of debt financing costs. 

 (2) See Note 6 for additional discussion of the variable rate construction mortgage debt. 

- 
 
 - 

Weighted Average Interest Rate 

Maturity Date Ranges 
 
 - 
 
 - 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 , the Company had million and million, respectively, of secured tax-exempt bonds subject to third-party credit enhancement. The historical cost, net of accumulated depreciation, of encumbered properties was billion and billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Notes 

(1) Represents amortization of deferred financing costs, net of debt financing costs. 

Notes, net as of December 31, 2021 

Proceeds 

Lump sum payoffs 

Amortization of premiums/ discounts 

Amortization of deferred financing costs, net (1) 

Notes, net as of December 31, 2022 

Fixed Rate Debt: 

Unsecured Public 

() 

(1) Represents amortization of deferred financing costs, net of debt financing costs. 

- 
 
 - 

Weighted Average Interest Rate 

Maturity Date Ranges 
 
 - 
 
 - 

The Company s unsecured public notes contain certain financial and operating covenants including, among other things, maintenance of certain financial ratios. The Company was in compliance with its unsecured public debt covenants for both the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. EQR and ERPOP currently have an active universal shelf registration statement for the issuance of equity and debt securities that automatically became effective upon filing with the SEC in and expires in . Line of Credit and Commercial Paper The Company has a billion unsecured revolving credit facility maturing on . The Company has the ability to increase available borrowings by an additional million by adding lenders to the facility, obtaining the agreement of existing lenders to increase their commitments or incurring one or more term loans. The interest rate on advances under the facility will generally be the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus a spread (currently ), or based on bids received from the lending group, and the Company pays an annual facility fee (currently ). Both the spread and the facility fee are dependent on the Company s senior unsecured credit rating. The Company did t borrow any amounts under its revolving credit facility during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. The Company has an unsecured commercial paper note program under which it may borrow up to a maximum of billion subject to market conditions. The notes will be sold under customary terms in the United States commercial paper note market and will rank pari passu with all of the Company s other unsecured senior indebtedness. 

Weighted Average Maturity (in days) 

Weighted Average Amounts Outstanding 
 
 million 
 
 million 
 
 (1) The notes bear interest at various floating rates. 

The Company limits its utilization of the revolving credit facility in order to maintain liquidity to support its billion commercial paper program along with certain other obligations. 

Commercial paper balance outstanding 

() 

() 

Unsecured revolving credit facility balance outstanding 

Other restricted amounts 

() 

() 

Unsecured revolving credit facility availability 

Other 

Write-offs of unamortized (premiums)/discounts/OCI 

Total 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Subtotal 

Deferred Financing Costs and Unamortized (Discount) 

() 

Total 

(1) Includes million in principal outstanding on the Company s commercial paper program. 

The fair values of the Company s financial instruments (other than mortgage notes payable, unsecured notes, commercial paper, line of credit and derivative instruments), including cash and cash equivalents and other financial instruments, approximate their carrying or contract value. 

Unsecured debt, net 

Total debt, net 

Liabilities 

Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 
 Other Liabilities 

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 

Operating Partnership/Redeemable 

Limited Partners 
 
 Mezzanine 

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 

Description 
 
 Balance Sheet Location 
 
 12/31/2022 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets/Liabilities (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Assets 

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 

Interest Rate Contracts: 

Forward Starting Swaps 
 
 Other Assets 

Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 
 Other Assets 

Total 

Liabilities 

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 

Interest Rate Contracts: 

Forward Starting Swaps 
 
 Other Liabilities 

Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 
 Other Liabilities 

Total 

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 

Operating Partnership/Redeemable 

Limited Partners 
 
 Mezzanine 

Interest expense 

() 

Total 

() 

December 31, 2022 Type of Cash Flow Hedge 
 
 Amount of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in OCI on Derivative 

Location of Gain/(Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income 
 
 Amount of Gain/(Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income 

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 

Interest Rate Contracts: 

Forward Starting Swaps 

Interest expense 

() 

Total 

() 

December 31, 2021 Type of Cash Flow Hedge 
 
 Amount of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in OCI on Derivative 

Location of Gain/(Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income 
 
 Amount of Gain/(Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income 

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 

Interest Rate Contracts: 

Forward Starting Swaps 

Interest expense 

() 

Total 

() 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were approximate ly million in deferred gains, net, and mil lion in deferred losses, net, included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), respectively, related to previously settled and unsettled derivative instruments, of which an estimated million may be recognized as additional interest expense during the twelve months ending December 31, 2024. During the year ended December 31, 2023 , the Company received a net million to settle forward starting swaps in conjunction with the interest rate lock on million of secured conventional mortgage notes. The Company ultimately closed on million of secured notes. The accrued interest of approximately million was recorded as a decrease to interest expense. The remaining million was initially deferred as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and will be recognized as a decrease to interest expense over the first of the mortgage notes. Other The Company has invested in various equity securities without readily determinable fair values and has elected to measure them using the measurement alternative in accordance with the applicable accounting standards for equity securities. These investments are carried at cost less any impairment and adjusted to fair value if there are observable price changes for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. 

During the year ended December 31, 2023 , the Company sold a portion of one of these investment securities for proceeds of approximately million and realized a gain on sale of approximately million, which is included in interest and other income in the consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2023 , the Company adjusted certain of these investment securities to observable market prices and recorded an unrealized gain of approximately million, which is included in interest and other income in the consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company purchased and sold investment securities with readily determinable fair values and recognized a net gain on sale of million, which is included in interest and other income in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company did not own any of these investment securities at December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 

Allocation to Noncontrolling Interests Operating Partnership 

() 

() 

() 

Net (income) loss attributable to Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties 

() 

() 

() 

Preferred distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Numerator for net income per share basic 

Numerator for net income per share diluted: 

Net income 

Net (income) loss attributable to Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties 

() 

() 

() 

Preferred distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Numerator for net income per share diluted 

Denominator for net income per share basic and diluted: 

Denominator for net income per share basic 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

OP Units 

Long-term compensation shares/units 

ATM forward sales 

Denominator for net income per share diluted 

Net income per share basic 

Net income per share diluted 

ERP Operating Limited Partnership 

Net (income) loss attributable to Noncontrolling Interests Partially Owned Properties 

() 

() 

() 

Allocation to Preference Units 

() 

() 

() 

Numerator for net income per Unit basic and diluted 

Denominator for net income per Unit basic and diluted: 

Denominator for net income per Unit basic 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Dilution for Units issuable upon assumed exercise/vesting of the Company s long-term compensation shares/units 

ATM forward sales 

Denominator for net income per Unit diluted 

Net income per Unit basic 

Net income per Unit diluted 

Common Shares for issuance. All future awards will be granted under the 2019 Plan. As of December 31, 2023, shares were available for future issuance. Pursuant to the 2019 Plan and the 2011 Share Incentive Plan (the 2011 Plan (collectively the Share Incentive Plans ), officers, trustees, key employees and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries may be granted share options to acquire Common Shares Options ), including non-qualified share options NQSOs ), incentive share options ISOs and share appreciation rights SARs ), or may be granted restricted or non-restricted shares/units (including long-term incentive plan awards), subject to conditions and restrictions. Options, SARs, restricted shares and restricted units are sometimes collectively referred to herein as Awards. The 2011 Plan will terminate when all outstanding Awards have expired or have been exercised/vested. The Board of Trustees may at any time amend or terminate the Share Incentive Plans, but termination will not affect Awards previously granted, absent immediate vesting and cash settlement. Any Options which had vested prior to such a termination would remain exercisable by the holder. Employee Long-Term Compensation Awards 

Grant/Exercise Price 

Vesting Period 
 
 In three equal installments over a period from the grant date. 
 
 from the grant date. 
 
 from the grant date. 

Expiration 
 
 from the grant date. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 from the grant date (2). 

Upon Employee Termination 

(1) Dividends/distributions paid on unvested restricted shares and units are included as a component of retained earnings and Noncontrolling Interest Operating Partnership/Limited Partners Capital, respectively, and have not been considered in reducing net income available to Common Shares/Units in a manner similar to the Company s preferred share/preference unit dividends for the earnings per share/Unit calculation. 

 (2) A restricted unit will automatically convert to an OP Unit when the capital account of each restricted unit increases books-up to a specified target. The probability of a book-up occurring within the ten-year contractual life along with the liquidity risk associated with various hold period restrictions are both reflected in the discount. If the capital target is not attained within ten years following the date of issuance, the restricted unit will automatically be canceled and no compensation will be payable to the holder of such canceled restricted unit. If the capital target is attained and the restricted unit is converted to an OP Unit, it will not expire. 

Valuation Method of Share Options 

Expected life (2) 
 
 years 

years 

years 

Expected dividend yield (3) 

Risk-free interest rate (4) 

Exercise price per share (5) 

Option valuation per share 

(1) Expected volatility Estimated based on the historical volatility (the period matching the expected life) of EQR s share price measured on a monthly basis. 

 (2) Expected life Approximates the actual weighted average life of all Options granted since the Company went public in 1993. 

 (3) Expected dividend yield Calculated by averaging the historical annual yield on EQR shares for a period matching the expected life of each grant, with the annual yield calculated by dividing actual regular dividends (excluding any special dividends) by the average price of EQR s shares in a given year. 

 (4) Risk-free interest rate The most current U.S. Treasury rate available at the grant date for a period matching the expected life of each grant. 

 (5) Exercise price per share The closing share price of the Common Shares on the grant date. 

The valuation method and assumptions are the same as those the Company used in accounting for Option expense in its consolidated financial statements. The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. This model is only one method of valuing options. Because the Company s Options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, the actual value of the Options to the recipient may be significantly different. Long-Term Incentive Plan The Company s executive compensation program allows the Chief Executive Officer and certain other executive officers to earn from to of the target number of long-term incentive LTI awards, payable in the form of restricted shares and/or restricted units. Additionally, the program allowed participation of Samuel Zell, the Company's former Chairman of the Board of Trustees, prior to his death. No payout would be made for any result below of the target performance metric. The Company s Total Shareholder Return TSR ), Normalized Funds from Operations FFO and Net Debt to Normalized EBITDAre (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization for Real Estate) results over a forward-looking three-year performance period determine the restricted shares and/or restricted units awarded and are compared to pre-established quantitative performance metrics. The grant date fair value of the awards is estimated using a Monte Carlo model for the TSR portion of the awards, and the resulting expense is recorded over the service period regardless of whether the TSR performance measures are achieved, while the Normalized FFO and Net Debt to Normalized EBITDAre portions of the awards are adjusted based on the final achievement obtained. If the executive is retirement-eligible, the grant date fair value is amortized into expense over the first year. All other awards are amortized into expense over the three-year performance and vesting period. If employment is terminated prior to vesting, the restricted shares and restricted units are generally canceled, subject to the retirement benefit provisions discussed below as well as the death and disability provisions of the plan. The LTI participants receive distributions only on restricted units awarded equal to of the quarterly distributions paid on OP Units during the performance period. At the end of the performance period, LTI participants receive dividends/distributions actually earned on restricted shares or restricted units awarded during the performance period, less any distributions already paid on the restricted units. The grant date fair value of the TSR portion of the LTI awards is estimated using a multifactor Monte Carlo model to determine share prices for a set of relative awards for which the payout of the award depends on the spread of EQR s TSR to the TSR of two indices: (a) the FTSE Nareit Apartment Index; and (b) the FTSE Nareit Equity Index. The absolute Company TSR metric previously included in the TSR portion of the LTI awards for which the payout of the award only depended on EQR s TSR was replaced with a Net Debt to Normalized EBITDAre metric for the 2022 LTI plan and onward, covering a forward-looking three-year performance period. The grant date fair value of the Normalized FFO and Net Debt to Normalized EBITDAre portions of the LTI awards are estimated using the closing price of EQR Common Shares on the grant date for the restricted shares and a discounted closing price of EQR Common Shares on the grant date for the restricted units to reflect the book-up and liquidity risk inherent in the units. 

Weighted average fair value per restricted unit 

The valuation method and assumptions are the same as those the Company used in accounting for the LTI award expense in its consolidated financial statements. The Monte Carlo valuation model is only one method of valuing awards. Because the Company s restricted shares/units have characteristics significantly different from those of traded shares/units, and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, the actual value of the restricted shares/units to the recipient may be significantly different. Trustees All non-employee Trustees, including the Company s current Chairman, are granted Options, restricted shares and/or restricted units that vest one year from the grant date that corresponds to the term for which he or she has been elected to serve. The Company's former Chairman of the Board of Trustees, Samuel Zell, did not receive these awards. Since 2016, he only received awards under the LTI plan (see further discussion above). Retirement Benefits The Company s Share Incentive Plans provide for certain benefits upon retirement. 

Effect on unvested restricted shares, restricted units and Options 

Effect on LTI Plan 

(1) The Rule of 70 is met when an employee s years of service with the Company (which must be at least 15 years) plus his or her age (which must be at least 55 years) on the date of termination equals or exceeds 70 years. In addition, the employee must give the Company at least six months advance written notice of his or her intention to retire along with agreeing to certain other conditions. 

Under the Company s definitions of retirement, some of its executive officers, including its Chief Executive Officer, are retirement eligible. Compensation Expense and Award Activity 

Restricted units 

Options 

ESPP discount 

Total 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Compensation Expense 

Compensation Capitalized 

Restricted Units/Options In-Lieu of Bonus (1) 

Compensation Equity 

Dividends Incurred 

Restricted shares 

Restricted units 

Options 

ESPP discount 

Total 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Compensation Expense 

Compensation Capitalized 

Restricted Units/Options In-Lieu of Bonus (1) 

Compensation Equity 

Dividends Incurred 

Restricted shares 

Restricted units 

Options 

ESPP discount 

Total 

(1) The Company allows eligible officers the ability to receive immediately vested restricted units (subject to the book-up provisions described above and a two-year hold restriction) or immediately vested Options in-lieu of any percentage of their annual cash bonus. 

Compensation expense is generally recognized for Awards as follows: Restricted shares, restricted units and Options Straight-line method over the vesting period of the Options, shares or units regardless of cliff or ratable vesting distinctions. 

 LTI plan awards Target amount is recognized under the straight-line method over the vesting period of the shares or units. 

 ESPP discount Immediately upon the purchase of Common Shares each quarter. 

 The Company accelerates the recognition of compensation expense for all Awards for those individuals approaching or meeting the retirement age criteria discussed above. The total compensation expense related to Awards not yet vested at December 31, 2023 is million (including the accelerated expenses for individuals approaching or meeting the retirement age criteria discussed above), which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average term of yea rs. 

Awards granted 

Awards exercised/vested 

() 

() 

() 

Awards forfeited 

() 

() 

() 

Awards expired 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Awards granted 

Awards exercised/vested 

() 

() 

() 

Awards forfeited 

() 

() 

Awards expired 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Awards granted 

Awards exercised/vested 

() 

() 

() 

Awards forfeited 

() 

() 

() 

Awards expired 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2023 

Amounts in thousands except per share amounts 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Weighted average grant date fair value per share for Options granted 

Aggregate intrinsic value of Options exercised (1) 

Fair value of restricted shares vested 

Fair value of restricted units vested 

(1) These values were calculated as the difference between the strike price of the underlying awards and the per share price at which each respective award was exercised. 

T 

Options Exercisable 

Vested and expected to vest 

(1) The aggregate intrinsic values were calculated as the excess, if any, between the Company s closing share price of per share on December 31, 2023 and the strike price of the underlying awards. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , Options (with a weighted average exercise price of and Options (with a weighted average exercise price of were exercisable, respectively. 

 of Common Shares of EQR. The Company registered Common Shares under the ESPP, of which Common Shares remained available for purchase at December 31, 2023 . The Common Shares may be purchased quarterly at a price equal to of the lesser of: (a) the closing price for a share on the last day of such quarter; and (b) the greater of: (i) the closing price for a share on the first day of such quarter, and (ii) the average closing price for a share for all the business days in the quarter. 

Issuance price ranges 

Issuance proceeds 

The Company established a defined contribution plan (the 401(k) Plan to provide retirement benefits for employees that meet minimum employment criteria. The Company matches dollar for dollar up to the first of eligible compensation that a participant contributes to the 401(k) Plan for all employees except those defined as highly compensated employees, whose match is . Participants are vested in the Company s contributions over . The Company recognized an expense in the amount of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company established the SERP to provide certain officers and trustees an opportunity to defer a portion of their eligible compensation in order to save for retirement. The SERP is restricted to investments in Common Shares, certain marketable securities that have been specifically approved and cash equivalents. The deferred compensation liability represented in the SERP and the securities issued to fund such deferred compensation liability are consolidated by the Company and carried on the Company s balance sheets, and the Company s Common Shares held in the SERP are accounted for as a reduction to paid in capital (included in general partner s capital in the Operating Partnership s financial statements). 

 Common Shares pursuant to a Distribution Reinvestment Plan (the 2014 DRIP ), which included the remaining shares available for issuance under a previous registration. The registration was automatically declared effective the same day and will expire when all shares have been issued. The Company ha s Common Shares available for issuance under the 2014 DRIP at December 31, 2023. The 2014 DRIP provides holders of record and beneficial owners of Common Shares and Preferred Shares with a simple and convenient method of reinvesting cash dividends/distributions in additional Common Shares. Common Shares purchased under the 2014 DRIP may, at the option of EQR, be directly issued by EQR or purchased by EQR s transfer agent in the open market using participants funds. The net proceeds from any Common Share issuances are contributed to ERPOP in exchange for OP Units. 

 and contains extension options. The amount incurred for such office space for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were approximately million , million and million, respectively. The Company believes these amounts approximate market rates for such rental space. 

 F- 54 

Table of Contents 

Unconsolidated 

Total Projects Under Development 

(1) The Company's share of the million in total project costs remaining approximates million, with the balance funded by the Company's joint venture partners (approximately million) and/or applicable construction loans (approximately million). 

We have entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, joint venture agreements with third-party partners for the development of multifamily rental properties. The joint venture agreements with each development partner include buy-sell provisions that provide the right, but not the obligation, for the Company to acquire each respective partner s interests or sell its interests at any time following the occurrence of certain pre-defined events described in the joint venture agreements. See Note 6 for additional discussion. Other Commitments We have entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, real estate technology and other real estate fund investments. As of December 31, 2023, the Company has invested in separate such investments totaling million with aggregate remaining commitments of approximatel y million. Employment Agreements The Company entered into a retirement benefits agreement with its former Chairman and a deferred compensation agreement with former executive officer. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 , the Company recognized compensation expense of million, million and million, respectively, related to these agreements.) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1) Includes payments due to the estate of the Company s former Chairman. As of December 31, 2023, no payments remain due to the Company's former executive officer. 

Contingencies Litigation and Legal Matters The Company, as an owner of real estate, is subject to various federal, state and local laws. Compliance by the Company with existing laws has not had a material adverse effect on the Company. However, the Company cannot predict the impact of new or changed laws or regulations on its current properties or on properties that it may acquire in the future. The Company has been named as a defendant in a number of cases filed in late 2022 and 2023 alleging antitrust violations by RealPage, Inc., a seller of revenue management software products, and various owners and/or operators of multifamily housing, including us, that have utilized these products. The complaints allege collusion among the defendants to illegally fix and inflate the pricing of multifamily rents and seek monetary damages, injunctive relief, fees and costs. All of the cases except for one have been consolidated into a single putative class action in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee. On December 28, 2023, motions to dismiss this consolidated action, filed by RealPage, Inc. as well as us and our multifamily co-defendants, were denied by the Court and the case is proceeding. Another case with similar allegations has been filed by the District of Columbia against RealPage, Inc. and a number of multifamily owners and/or operators, including us. We believe these various lawsuits are without merit and we intend to vigorously defend against them. As these proceedings are in the early stages, it is not possible for the Company to predict the outcome nor is it possible to estimate the amount of loss, if any, which may be associated with an adverse decision in any of these cases. The Company does not believe there is any litigation pending or threatened against it that, individually or in the aggregate, may reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

 of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 and is designed as an amenity for our residential residents. The chief operating decision maker evaluates the performance of each property on a consolidated residential and non-residential basis. The Company s geographic consolidated same store operating segments represent its reportable segments. The Company s development activities are other business activities that do not constitute an operating segment and as such, have been aggregated in the Other category in the tables presented below. All revenues are from external customers and there is customer who contributed 10 or more of the Company s total revenues during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The primary financial measure for the Company s rental real estate segment is net operating income NOI ), which represents rental income less: 1) property and maintenance expense and 2) real estate taxes and insurance expense (all as reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income). The Company believes that NOI is helpful to investors as a supplemental measure of its operating performance because it is a direct measure of the actual operating results of the Company s apartment properties. Revenues for all leases are reflected on a straight-line basis in accordance with GAAP for the current and comparable periods. 

Property and maintenance expense 

() 

() 

() 

Real estate taxes and insurance expense 

() 

() 

() 

Total operating expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Net operating income 

Orange County 

San Diego 

Subtotal - Southern California 

Washington, D.C. 

San Francisco 

New York 

Seattle 

Boston 

Denver 

Other Expansion Markets 

Total same store 

Non-same store/other 

Non-same store (2) 

Other (3) 

Total non-same store/other 

Totals 

(1) For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 , same store primarily includes all properties acquired or completed that were stabilized prior to January 1, 2022, less properties subsequently sold, which represented apartment units. For the year ended December 31, 2021, same store primarily includes all properties acquired or completed that were stabilized prior to January 1, 2021, less properties subsequently sold, which represented apartment units. 

 (2) For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, non-same store primarily includes properties acquired after January 1, 2022, plus any properties in lease-up and not stabilized as of January 1, 2022, and any properties undergoing major renovations. For the year ended December 31, 2021, non-same store primarily includes properties acquired after January 1, 2021, plus any properties in lease-up and not stabilized as of January 1, 2021, and any properties undergoing major renovations. 

 (3) Other includes development, other corporate operations and operations prior to disposition for properties sold. 

Year Ended December 31, 2023 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Total Assets 

Capital Expenditures 

Total Assets 

Capital Expenditures 

Same store (1) 

Los Angeles 

Orange County 

San Diego 

Subtotal - Southern California 

Washington, D.C. 

San Francisco 

New York 

Seattle 

Boston 

Denver 

Other Expansion Markets 

Total same store 

Non-same store/other 

Non-same store (2) 

Other (3) 

Total non-same store/other 

Totals 

(1) Same store primarily includes all properties acquired or completed that were stabilized prior to January 1, 2022, less properties subsequently sold, which represented apartment units. 

 (2) Non-same store primarily includes properties acquired after January 1, 2022, plus any properties in lease-up and not stabilized as of January 1, 2022, and any properties undergoing major renovations. 

 (3) Other includes development, other corporate operations and capital expenditures for properties sold. 

Total 

Following the Company's share repurchase activity in 2023, its Board of Trustees approved replenishing the Company's share repurchase program authorization back to its original million shares . 

F- 58 

Table of Contents 

() 

Wholly Owned Encumbered 

() 

Wholly Owned Properties 

() 

Partially Owned Unencumbered 

() 

Partially Owned Encumbered 

() 

Partially Owned Properties 

() 

Total Unencumbered Properties 

() 

Total Encumbered Properties 

() 

Total Consolidated Investment in Real Estate 

() 

(1) See attached Encumbrances Reconciliation. 

 EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation Encumbrances Reconciliation December 31, 2023 

Portfolio/Entity Encumbrances 
 
 Number of Properties Encumbered by 

See Properties With Note: 
 
 Amount 

Archstone Master Property Holdings LLC 

H 

Portfolio/Entity Encumbrances 

Individual Property Encumbrances 

Total Encumbrances per Financial Statements 

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Amounts in thousands) The changes in total real estate for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Balance, beginning of year 

Acquisitions and development 

Improvements 

Dispositions and other 

() 

() 

() 

Balance, end of year 

The changes in accumulated depreciation for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Balance, beginning of year 

Depreciation 

Dispositions and other 

() 

() 

() 

Balance, end of year 

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2023 

Description 

Initial Cost to Company 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition (Improvements, net) (E) 

Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 12/31/23 

Apartment Name 
 
 Location 
 
 Non-Residential Components 

Date of Construction 
 
 Apartment Units 

Land 

Building Fixtures 

Building Fixtures 

Land 

Building Fixtures (A) 

Total (B) 

Accumulated Depreciation (C) 

Investment in Real Estate, Net at 12/31/23 

Encumbrances 

Wholly Owned Unencumbered: 

100 K Apartments (fka 100K Street) 

2018 

() 

170 Amsterdam 

G 

2015 

() 

175 Kent 

G 

2011 

() 

180 Montague (fka Brooklyn Heights) 

G 

2000 

() 

180 Riverside Boulevard 

G 

1998 

() 

1210 Mass 

G 

2004 

() 

1401 Joyce on Pentagon Row 

2004 

() 

1500 Mass Ave 

G 

1951 

() 

1800 Oak (fka Rosslyn) 

G 

2003 

() 

2201 Pershing Drive 

G 

2012 

() 

2201 Wilson 

G 

2000 

() 

2400 M St 

G 

2006 

() 

2501 Porter 

1988 

() 

315 on A 

G 

2013 

() 

340 Fremont (fka Rincon Hill) 

2016 

() 

341 Nevins 

(F) 

3003 Van Ness (fka Van Ness) 

1970 

() 

425 Broadway 

G 

2001 

() 

425 Mass 

G 

2009 

() 

455 Eye Street 

G 

2017 

() 

4th and Hill 

(F) 

55 West Fifth I II (fka Townhouse Plaza and Gardens) 

1964/1972 

() 

600 Washington 

G 

2004 

() 

660 Washington (fka Boston Common) 

G 

2006 

() 

70 Greene 

G 

2010 

() 

71 Broadway 

G 

1997 

() 

77 Bluxome 

2007 

() 

77 Park Avenue (fka Hoboken) 

G 

2000 

() 

777 Sixth 

G 

2002 

() 

88 Hillside 

G 

2011 

() 

855 Brannan 

G 

2018 

() 

929 Mass (fka 929 House) 

G 

1975 

() 

Academy Village 

1989 

() 

Acappella 

2002 

() 

Aero Apartments 

G 

2021 

() 

Alban Towers 

1934 

() 

Alborada 

1999 

() 

Alcott Apartments (fka West End Tower) 

G 

2021 

() 

Alcyone 

G 

2004 

() 

Altitude (fka Village at Howard Hughes, The (Lots 1 2)) 

2016 

() 

Alton, The (fka Millikan) 

2017 

() 

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2023 

Description 

Initial Cost to Company 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition (Improvements, net) (E) 

Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 12/31/23 

Apartment Name 
 
 Location 
 
 Non-Residential Components 

Date of Construction 
 
 Apartment Units 

Land 

Building Fixtures 

Building Fixtures 

Land 

Building Fixtures (A) 

Total (B) 

Accumulated Depreciation (C) 

Investment in Real Estate, Net at 12/31/23 

Encumbrances 

Arbor Terrace 

1979 

() 

Arches, The 

1974 

() 

Artisan on Second 

2008 

() 

Artistry Emeryville (fka Emeryville) 

1994 

() 

Atelier 

G 

2015 

() 

Axis at Shady Grove 

2016 

() 

Azure (fka Mission Bay-Block 13) 

2015 

() 

Bay Hill 

2002 

() 

Beatrice, The 

2010 

() 

Bella Vista I, II, III Combined 

2003-2007 

() 

Belle Arts Condominium Homes, LLC 

2000 

() 

Belle Fontaine 

2003 

() 

Breakwater at Marina Del Rey 

1964-1969 

() 

Briarwood (CA) 

1985 

() 

Brodie, The 

2016 

() 

Brooklyner, The (fka 111 Lawrence) 

G 

2010 

() 

C on Pico 

2014 

() 

Carlyle Mill 

2002 

() 

Carmel Terrace 

1988-1989 

() 

Cascade 

G 

2017 

() 

Centennial (fka Centennial Court Centennial Tower) 

G 

1991/2001 

() 

Centre Club Combined 

1994 2002 

() 

Chelsea Square 

1991 

() 

Chloe on Madison (fka 1401 E. Madison) 

G 

2019 

() 

Chloe on Union (fka Chloe) 

G 

2010 

() 

Church Corner 

G 

1987 

() 

Circa Fitzsimons 

2020 

() 

City Gate at Cupertino (fka Cupertino) 

1998 

() 

City Square Bellevue (fka Bellevue) 

G 

1998 

() 

Clarendon, The 

G 

2005 

() 

Cleo, The 

1989 

() 

Cleveland House 

1953 

() 

Connecticut Heights 

1974 

() 

Corcoran House at DuPont Circle (fka DuPont Circle) 

G 

1961 

() 

Courthouse Plaza 

G 

1990 

() 

Creekside (San Mateo) 

1985 

() 

Cronins Landing 

G 

1998 

() 

Crystal Place 

1986 

() 

Dalton, The 

G 

2018 

() 

Deerwood (SD) 

1990 

() 

Del Mar Ridge 

1998 

() 

Eagle Canyon 

1985 

() 

Edge, The (fka 4885 Edgemoor Lane) 

2021 

() 

Edgemont at Bethesda Metro 

1989 

() 

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2023 

Description 

Initial Cost to Company 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition (Improvements, net) (E) 

Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 12/31/23 

Apartment Name 
 
 Location 
 
 Non-Residential Components 

Date of Construction 
 
 Apartment Units 

Land 

Building Fixtures 

Building Fixtures 

Land 

Building Fixtures (A) 

Total (B) 

Accumulated Depreciation (C) 

Investment in Real Estate, Net at 12/31/23 

Encumbrances 

Emerson Place 

G 

1962 

() 

Encore at Sherman Oaks, The 

1988 

() 

Estancia at Santa Clara (fka Santa Clara) 

2000 

() 

Eviva on Cherokee 

2017 

() 

Flora 

2019 

() 

Fremont Center 

G 

2002 

() 

Gaithersburg Station 

G 

2013 

() 

Gateway at Malden Center 

G 

1988 

() 

Geary Court Yard 

1990 

() 

Girard 

G 

2016 

() 

Hampshire Place 

1989 

() 

Harbor Steps 

G 

2000 

() 

Hathaway 

1987 

() 

Helios (fka 2nd+Pine) 

G 

2017 

() 

Heritage at Stone Ridge 

2005 

() 

Heritage Ridge 

1999 

() 

Hesby 

2013 

() 

Highlands at South Plainfield 

2000 

() 

Hikari 

G 

2007 

() 

Hudson Crossing 

G 

2003 

() 

Hudson Pointe 

G 

2003 

() 

Huxley, The 

2018 

() 

Indie Deep Ellum 

G 

2020 

() 

Ivory Wood 

2000 

() 

Jia (fka Chinatown Gateway) 

G 

2014 

() 

Junction 47 (fka West Seattle) 

G 

2015 

() 

Juniper Sandy Springs 

2017 

() 

Kelvin, The (fka Modera) 

2015 

() 

Kilby 

2020 

() 

Laguna Clara 

1972 

() 

Laguna Clara II 

(F) 

Landings at Port Imperial 

1999 

() 

Lane 

G 

2019 

() 

Lex, The 

2017 

() 

Liberty Park 

2000 

() 

Liberty Tower 

G 

2008 

() 

Lincoln Heights 

1991 

() 

Lofts at Kendall Square (fka Kendall Square) 

1998 

() 

Lofts at Kendall Square ll (fka 249 Third Street) 

G 

2019 

() 

Longacre House 

G 

2000 

() 

Longfellow Place 

G 

1975 

() 

Luna Upper Westside 

2020 

() 

Madox 

G 

2013 

() 

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2023 

Description 

Initial Cost to Company 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition (Improvements, net) (E) 

Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 12/31/23 

Apartment Name 
 
 Location 
 
 Non-Residential Components 

Date of Construction 
 
 Apartment Units 

Land 

Building Fixtures 

Building Fixtures 

Land 

Building Fixtures (A) 

Total (B) 

Accumulated Depreciation (C) 

Investment in Real Estate, Net at 12/31/23 

Encumbrances 

Mantena 

G 

2012 

() 

Mara Pacific Beach 

G 

2020 

() 

Marina 41 (fka Marina Del Rey) 

1973 

() 

Mariposa at Playa Del Rey (fka Playa Del Rey) 

2004 

() 

Market Street Village 

2006 

() 

Marlowe (fka Oakwood Crystal City) 

1987 

() 

Milano Lofts 

G 

1925/2006 

() 

Mill Creek 

1991 

() 

Milo 

2020 

() 

Mosaic at Metro 

2008 

() 

Mountain View Redevelopment 

(F) 

Mozaic at Union Station 

2007 

() 

Murray Hill Tower (fka Murray Hill) 

G 

1974 

() 

Next on Sixth 

G 

2017 

() 

North Pier at Harborside 

2003 

() 

Northglen 

1988 

() 

Northpark 

1972 

() 

Oak Park Combined 

1989 1990 

() 

Oaks 

2000 

() 

Ocean Crest 

1986 

() 

Odin (fka Tallman) 

2015 

() 

Olivian at the Realm 

2021 

() 

One Henry Adams 

G 

2016 

() 

One India Street (fka Oakwood Boston) 

G 

1901 

() 

Osprey 

G 

2020 

() 

Pacific Place 

2008 

() 

Packard Building 

G 

2010 

() 

Parc 77 

G 

1903 

() 

Parc Cameron 

G 

1927 

() 

Parc Coliseum 

G 

1910 

() 

Parc East Towers 

G 

1977 

() 

Parc on Powell (fka Parkside at Emeryville) 

G 

2015 

() 

Park Connecticut 

2000 

() 

Park West (CA) 

1987/1990 

() 

Parkside 

1979 

() 

Pearl, The (WA) 

G 

2008 

() 

Pearl MDR (fka Oakwood Marina Del Rey) 

G 

1969 

() 

Pegasus 

G 

1949/2003 

() 

Penman, The 

G 

2023 

() 

Portofino 

1989 

() 

Portofino (Val) 

1989 

() 

Portside Towers 

G 

1992-1997 

() 

Potrero 1010 

G 

2016 

() 

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2023 

Description 

Initial Cost to Company 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition (Improvements, net) (E) 

Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 12/31/23 

Apartment Name 
 
 Location 
 
 Non-Residential Components 

Date of Construction 
 
 Apartment Units 

Land 

Building Fixtures 

Building Fixtures 

Land 

Building Fixtures (A) 

Total (B) 

Accumulated Depreciation (C) 

Investment in Real Estate, Net at 12/31/23 

Encumbrances 

Prado (fka Glendale) 

1988 

() 

Prime, The 

2002 

() 

Prism at Park Avenue South (fka 400 Park Avenue South) 

G 

2015 

() 

Promenade at Town Center I II 

2001 

() 

Providence 

2000 

() 

Quarry Hills 

2006 

() 

Radiant Fairfax Ridge 

2016 

() 

Radius Uptown 

2017 

() 

Redmond Court 

1977 

() 

Regency Palms 

1969 

() 

Reserve at Burlington, The 

2019 

() 

Reserve at Clarendon Centre, The 

G 

2003 

() 

Reserve at Eisenhower, The 

2002 

() 

Reserve at Empire Lakes 

2005 

() 

Reserve at Fairfax Corner 

2001 

() 

Reserve at Mountain View (fka Mountain View) 

1965 

() 

Reserve at Potomac Yard 

2002 

() 

Reserve at Town Center I-III (WA) 

G 

2001, 2009, 2014 

() 

Rianna I II 

G 

2000/2002 

() 

Richmond Row 

2023 

() 

Ridgewood Village I II 

1997 

() 

Riva Terra I (fka Redwood Shores) 

1986 

() 

Riva Terra II (fka Harborside) 

1986 

() 

Riverpark 

G 

2009 

() 

Rivington, The 

1999 

() 

Rivington II, The 

(F) 

Rosecliff II 

2005 

() 

Sakura Crossing 

G 

2009 

() 

Savanna Nine Mile 

2022 

() 

Saxton 

G 

2019 

() 

Sheffield Court 

1986 

() 

Siena Terrace 

1988 

() 

Skycrest 

1999 

() 

Skyhouse South 

G 

2014 

() 

Skylark 

1986 

() 

Skyview 

1999 

() 

SoMa II 

(F) 

Sonterra at Foothill Ranch 

1997 

() 

South City Station (fka South San Francisco) 

G 

2007 

() 

Southwood 

1985 

() 

Springline 

G 

2016 

() 

Square One 

2014 

() 

STOA 

G 

2017 

() 

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2023 

Description 

Initial Cost to Company 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition (Improvements, net) (E) 

Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 12/31/23 

Apartment Name 
 
 Location 
 
 Non-Residential Components 

Date of Construction 

Apartment Units 

Land 

Building Fixtures 

Building Fixtures 

Land 

Building Fixtures (A) 

Total (B) 

Accumulated Depreciation (C) 

Investment in Real Estate, Net at 12/31/23 

Encumbrances 

Ten23 (fka 500 West 23rd Street) 

G 

2011 

() 

Terraces, The 

G 

1975 

() 

Theo 

G 

2018 

() 

Third Square 

G 

2008/2009 

() 

Three20 

G 

2013 

() 

Toscana 

1991/1993 

() 

Town Square at Mark Center I II 

1996 

() 

Troy Boston 

G 

2015 

() 

Urbana (fka Market Street Landing) 

G 

2014 

() 

Uwajimaya Village 

2002 

() 

Vantage Hollywood 

1987 

() 

Veloce 

G 

2009 

() 

Venue at the Promenade 

2017 

() 

Verde Condominium Homes (fka Mission Verde, LLC) 

1986 

() 

Veridian (fka Silver Spring) 

G 

2009 

() 

Versailles 

1991 

() 

Versailles (K-Town) 

2008 

() 

Victor on Venice 

G 

2006 

() 

Villa Solana 

1984 

() 

Village at Del Mar Heights, The (fka Del Mar Heights) 

1986 

() 

Vintage at 425 Broadway (fka Promenade) 

G 

1934/2001 

() 

Virginia Square 

G 

2002 

() 

Vista 99 (fka Tasman) 

2016 

() 

Vista Del Lago 

1986-1988 

() 

Walden Park 

1966 

() 

Water Park Towers 

1989 

() 

Watertown Square 

G 

2005 

() 

Weaver, The 

G 

2020 

() 

West 96th 

G 

1987 

() 

West End Apartments (fka Emerson Place/CRP II) 

G 

2008 

() 

Westchester at Rockville 

2009 

() 

Westerly 

G 

2021 

() 

Westmont 

G 

1986 

() 

Westside 

2004 

() 

Windridge (CA) 

1989 

() 

Wisconsin Place 

2009 

() 

Woodleaf 

1984 

() 

Zephyr on the Park 

G 

2021 

() 

Management Business 

(D) 

() 

Operating Partnership 

(F) 

Other 

() 

Wholly Owned Unencumbered 

() 

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2023 

Description 

Initial Cost to Company 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition (Improvements, net) (E) 

Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 12/31/23 

Apartment Name 
 
 Location 
 
 Non-Residential Components 

Date of Construction 
 
 Apartment Units 

Land 

Building Fixtures 

Building Fixtures 

Land 

Building Fixtures (A) 

Total (B) 

Accumulated Depreciation (C) 

Investment in Real Estate, Net at 12/31/23 

Encumbrances 

Wholly Owned Encumbered: 

1111 Belle Pre (fka The Madison) 

G 

2014 

() 

300 East 39th (fka East 39th) 

G 

2001 

() 

303 East 83rd (fka Camargue) 

G 

1976 

() 

(H) 

Artisan Square 

2002 

() 

Avanti 

1987 

() 

Avenir Apartments 

G 

2009 

() 

Baxter Decatur, The 

2019 

() 

City Pointe 

G 

2004 

() 

Elev 

G 

2013 

() 

Fairchase 

2007 

() 

(H) 

Flats at DuPont Circle 

1967 

() 

(H) 

Glo 

G 

2008 

() 

Heights on Capitol Hill 

G 

2006 

() 

Kelvin Court (fka Alta Pacific) 

2008 

() 

Kenwood Mews 

1991 

() 

La Terrazza at Colma Station 

G 

2005 

() 

Lindley Apartments 

2004 

() 

Lofts 590 

2005 

() 

Longview Place 

2004 

() 

Mark on 8th 

G 

2016 

() 

(H) 

Metro on First 

G 

2002 

() 

Moda 

G 

2009 

() 

(I) 

Montierra (CA) 

1990 

() 

Notch 

2020 

() 

(H) 

Old Town Lofts 

G 

2014 

() 

Olympus Towers 

G 

2000 

() 

Park Place at San Mateo (fka San Mateo) 

G 

2001 

() 

(H) 

Red 160 (fka Redmond Way) 

G 

2011 

() 

(H) 

Skyhouse Denver 

G 

2017 

() 

SoMa Square Apartments (fka South Market) 

G 

1986 

() 

(H) 

Teresina 

2000 

() 

Vintage 

2005-2007 

() 

West 54th 

G 

2001 

() 

Portfolio/Entity Encumbrances (1) 

Wholly Owned Encumbered 

() 

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2023 

Description 

Initial Cost to Company 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition (Improvements, net) (E) 

Gross Amount Carried at Close of Period 12/31/23 

Apartment Name 
 
 Location 
 
 Non-Residential Components 

Date of Construction 
 
 Apartment Units 

Land 

Building Fixtures 

Building Fixtures 

Land 

Building Fixtures (A) 

Total (B) 

Accumulated Depreciation (C) 

Investment in Real Estate, Net at 12/31/23 

Encumbrances 

Partially Owned Unencumbered: 

2300 Elliott 

G 

1992 

() 

Basin, The 

G 

(F) 

Bellevue Meadows 

1983 

() 

Canyon Ridge 

1989 

() 

Country Oaks 

1985 

() 

Lantern Cove 

1985 

() 

Radius Koreatown 

2014/2016 

() 

Reverb (fka 9th and W) 

G 

2023 

() 

Rosecliff 

1990 

() 

Schooner Bay I 

1985 

() 

Schooner Bay II 

1985 

() 

St Johns West 

2020 

() 

Venn at Main 

G 

2016 

() 

Virgil Square 

1979 

() 

Partially Owned Unencumbered 

() 

Partially Owned Encumbered: 

Canyon Creek (CA) 

1984 

() 

Partially Owned Encumbered 

() 

Total Consolidated Investment in Real Estate 

() 

(1) See attached Encumbrances Reconciliation. 

 EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2023 NOTES: (A) The balance of furniture fixtures included in the total investment in real estate amount was as of December 31, 2023. 

 (B) The cost, net of accumulated depreciation, for Federal Income Tax purposes as of December 31, 2023 was approximately b illion (unaudited). 

 (C) The life to compute depreciation for building is , for building improvements ranges from to years, for furniture fixtures, replacements and renovations is to years and for lease intangibles is the average remaining term of each respective lease. 

 (D) This asset consists of costs owned by the Management Business acquired/added at various acquisition dates and largely represents furniture, fixtures and equipment and computer equipment and software costs, which are generally depreciated over periods ranging from to years, and leasehold improvements, which are generally depreciated over the term of each respective lease. 

 (E) Primarily represents capital expenditures for building improvements, replacements and renovations incurred subsequent to each property s acquisition date. 

 (F) Primarily represents land and/or construction-in-progress on projects either held for future development or projects currently under development. 

 (G) A portion of these properties includes and/or will include non-residential components (consisting of retail and/or public parking garage operations). 

 (H) See Encumbrances Reconciliation schedule. 

 (I) Boot property for Bond Part nership mortgage pool. 

S- 12 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 eqr-ex4_1.htm
 EX-4.1

EX-4.1 

Exhibit 4.1 
 Description of Equity Residential Common Shares Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 Please note that in this exhibit, references to the Company, we, our and us refer to Equity Residential, as the issuer of the Common Shares, unless the context requires otherwise. 
 The description of the Common Shares of Beneficial Interest, 0.01 par value (the Common Shares ), of the Company set forth below does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Articles of Restatement of Declaration of Trust of the Company dated December 9, 2004 Declaration of Trust ), as amended and/or restated from time to time, and the Eighth Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as adopted on October 1, 2015 Bylaws ), as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. We encourage you to read our Declaration of Trust, our Bylaws, and the applicable provisions of the Maryland REIT Law (as defined below) for additional information. 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that we may issue up to 1,000,000,000 Common Shares. 
 Both Title 8 of the Corporations and Associations Article of the Annotated Code of Maryland (the Maryland REIT Law and our Declaration of Trust provide that no shareholder of the Company will be liable for any debt or obligation of the Company solely as a result of his or her status as a shareholder of the Company. Our Declaration of Trust further provides that the Company has the power to indemnify each shareholder against any claim or liability to which the shareholder may become subject by reason of his or her being or having been a shareholder and to reimburse each shareholder for all reasonable expenses incurred by him or her in connection with any such claim or liability. 
 The Common Shares are traded on The New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol of EQR. 
 Distributions 
 Subject to the preferential rights of any other class of shares of beneficial interest (none of which are currently outstanding other than Series K Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares) and to the provisions of our Declaration of Trust regarding excess shares (as defined herein), holders of Common Shares are entitled to receive distributions if, as and when authorized and declared by the Board of Trustees of the Company (the Board of Trustees out of assets legally available therefor and to share ratably in the assets of the Company legally available for distribution to its shareholders in the event of its liquidation, dissolution or winding-up after payment of, or adequate provision for, all known debts and liabilities of the Company. Holders of Common Shares have no right to any dividend or distribution unless and until authorized and declared by the Board of Trustees. 
 Voting Rights 
 Subject to the provisions of our Declaration of Trust regarding excess shares, each outstanding Common Share entitles the holder to one vote on the following matters: (a) the election or removal of Trustees; (b) the amendment of our Declaration of Trust; (c) the voluntary dissolution or termination of Equity Residential; (d) the merger of Equity Residential, provided, however, that the shareholders shall not be entitled to vote on a merger of Equity Residential which may be approved pursuant to the provisions of the Maryland REIT Law by a majority of the entire Board of Trustees without a vote of the shareholders and, further provided, that if a shareholder vote is required pursuant to the provisions of the Maryland REIT Law, such merger shall be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of all of the shares then outstanding and entitled to vote thereon; (e) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of Equity Residential s assets, provided, however, that the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of Equity Residential s assets shall be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of all the shares then outstanding and entitled to vote thereon; and (f) such other matters with respect to which the Board of Trustees has adopted a resolution declaring advisable or recommending a proposal and directing that the matter be submitted to the shareholders for consideration. Except as otherwise required by law or except as provided with respect to any other class or series of shares of beneficial interest, the holders of the Common Shares 

will possess the exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of Trustees, which means that the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Shares can elect all of the Trustees then standing for election and the holders of the remaining shares of beneficial interest, if any, will not be able to elect any Trustees. 
 Under the Maryland REIT Law, a declaration of trust may permit the trustees by a two-thirds vote to amend the declaration of trust from time to time to enable it to qualify as a real estate investment trust REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code ), or the Maryland REIT Law without the affirmative vote or written consent of the shareholders. Our Declaration of Trust permits such action by the Board of Trustees. 
 Conversion, Redemption, Liquidation Rights 
 Holders of Common Shares have no conversion, sinking fund, redemption or preemptive rights to subscribe for any securities of the Company. Subject to the provisions of our Declaration of Trust regarding excess shares, Common Shares have equal distribution, liquidation and other rights, and have no preference, exchange or, except as expressly required by the Maryland REIT Law, appraisal rights. 
 Restriction on Ownership and Transfer 
 For the Company to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code, no more than 50 in value of its outstanding shares of beneficial interest may be owned, actually or constructively, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code to include certain entities) during the last half of a taxable year (other than the first year for which an election to be treated as a REIT has been made) or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. A REIT s shares also must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of twelve months or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year (other than the first year for which an election to be treated as a REIT has been made). To facilitate maintenance of its qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we generally will prohibit ownership, directly or by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, by any single shareholder of more than 5 (in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the issued and outstanding Common Shares (the Ownership Limit ). 
 Because the Board of Trustees believes it is desirable for the Company to qualify as a REIT, the Declaration of Trust, subject to certain exceptions, provides that no holder may own, or be deemed to own by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, more than the Ownership Limit. The ownership attribution rules under the Internal Revenue Code are complex and may cause Common Shares owned actually or constructively by a group of related individuals and/or entities to be owned constructively by one individual or entity. As a result, the acquisition of less than 5 of the Common Shares (or the acquisition of an interest in an entity that owns, actually or constructively, Common Shares) by an individual or entity could nevertheless cause that individual or entity, or another individual or entity, to own constructively in excess of 5 of the outstanding Common Shares and thus subject such Common Shares to the Ownership Limit. To reduce the ability of the Board of Trustees to use the Ownership Limit as an anti-takeover device, the Declaration of Trust requires, rather than permits, the Board of Trustees to grant a waiver of the Ownership Limit if the shareholder seeking a waiver demonstrates that such ownership would not jeopardize the Company s status as a REIT. We have issued several of these waivers in the past. As a condition of such a waiver, the Board of Trustees may require undertakings or representations from the shareholder seeking a waiver with respect to preserving the REIT status of the Company. 
 The Board of Trustees will have the authority to increase the Ownership Limit from time to time, but will not have the authority to do so to the extent that after giving effect to such increase, five persons who would be treated as individuals for purposes of the Internal Revenue Code could beneficially own in the aggregate more than 49.5 of the outstanding Common Shares. 
 The Declaration of Trust further prohibits (a) any person from actually or constructively owning shares of beneficial interest of the Company that would result in the Company being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Internal Revenue Code or otherwise cause the Company to fail to qualify as a REIT and (b) any person from transferring shares of beneficial interest of the Company if such transfer would result in shares of beneficial interest of the Company being owned by fewer than 100 persons. 

Any person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire actual or constructive ownership of shares of beneficial interest of the Company that will or may violate any of the foregoing restrictions on transferability and ownership is required to give at least 15 days prior written notice to the Company and provide the Company with such other information as the Company may request in order to determine the effect of such transfer on the Company s status as a REIT. 
 If any purported transfer of shares of beneficial interest of the Company or any other event would otherwise result in any person violating the Ownership Limit or the other restrictions in the Declaration of Trust, then any such purported transfer will be void and of no force or effect with respect to the purported transferee (the Prohibited Transferee as to that number of shares that exceeds the Ownership Limit (referred to as excess shares and the Prohibited Transferee shall acquire no right or interest (or, in the case of any event other than a purported transfer, the person or entity holding record title to any such shares in excess of the Ownership Limit (the Prohibited Owner shall cease to own any right or interest) in such excess shares. Any such excess shares described above will be transferred automatically, by operation of law, to a trust, the beneficiary of which will be a qualified charitable organization selected by the Company (the Beneficiary ). Such automatic transfer shall be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the Business Day (as defined in the Declaration of Trust) prior to the date of such violating transfer. Within 20 days of receiving notice from the Company of the transfer of shares to the trust, the trustee of the trust (who shall be designated by the Company and be unaffiliated with the Company and any Prohibited Transferee or Prohibited Owner) will be required to sell such excess shares to a person or entity who could own such shares without violating the Ownership Limit, and distribute to the Prohibited Transferee an amount equal to the lesser of the price paid by the Prohibited Transferee for such excess shares or the sales proceeds received by the trust for such excess shares. In the case of any excess shares resulting from any event other than a transfer, or from a transfer for no consideration (such as a gift), the trustee will be required to sell such excess shares to a qualified person or entity and distribute to the Prohibited Owner an amount equal to the lesser of the fair market value of such excess shares as of the date of such event or the sales proceeds received by the trust for such excess shares. In either case, any proceeds in excess of the amount distributable to the Prohibited Transferee or Prohibited Owner, as applicable, will be distributed to the Beneficiary. Prior to a sale of any such excess shares by the trust, the trustee will be entitled to receive, in trust for the Beneficiary, all dividends and other distributions paid by the Company with respect to such excess shares, and also will be entitled to exercise all voting rights with respect to such excess shares. Subject to Maryland law, effective as of the date that such shares have been transferred to the trust, the trustee shall have the authority (at the trustee s sole discretion and subject to applicable law) (i) to rescind as void any vote cast by a Prohibited Transferee prior to the discovery by the Company that such shares have been transferred to the trust and (ii) to recast such vote in accordance with the desires of the trustee acting for the benefit of the Beneficiary. However, if the Company has already taken irreversible corporate action, then the trustee shall not have the authority to rescind and recast such vote. Any dividend or other distribution paid to the Prohibited Transferee or Prohibited Owner (prior to the discovery by the Company that such shares had been automatically transferred to a trust as described above) will be required to be repaid to the trustee upon demand for distribution to the Beneficiary. If the transfer to the trust as described above is not automatically effective (for any reason) to prevent violation of the Ownership Limit, then the Declaration of Trust provides that the transfer of the excess shares will be void. 
 In addition, shares of beneficial interest of the Company held in the trust shall be deemed to have been offered for sale to the Company, or its designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that resulted in such transfer to the trust (or, in the case of a devise or gift, the market value at the time of such devise or gift) and (ii) the market value of such shares on the date the Company, or its designee, accepts such offer. The Company shall have the right to accept such offer until the trustee has sold the shares of beneficial interest held in the trust. Upon such a sale to the Company, the interest of the Beneficiary in the shares sold shall terminate and the trustee shall distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Prohibited Owner. 
 The foregoing restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if the Board of Trustees determines that it is no longer in the best interests of the Company to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT. 
 All persons who own, directly or by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, more than 5 (or such lower percentage as provided in the rules and regulations promulgated under the Internal Revenue Code) of the outstanding shares of beneficial interest of the Company must give a written notice to the Company within 30 days after the end of each taxable year stating such person s name and address, the number of shares owned by such person and a description of the manner in which such shares are held. Any record holder who holds shares as nominee for 

another person who is required to include in gross income the distributions received on such shares must give notice stating the name and address of such other person and the number of shares of such other person with respect to which such record holder is nominee. In addition, each shareholder will, upon demand, be required to disclose to the Company in writing such information with respect to the direct, indirect and constructive ownership of shares of beneficial interest as the Board of Trustees deems reasonably necessary to comply with the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code applicable to a REIT or to ensure compliance with the ownership limitations described above. 
 These ownership limitations could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a takeover or other transaction in which holders of some, or a majority, of Common Shares might receive a premium for their Common Shares over the then prevailing market price or which such holders might believe to be otherwise in their best interest. 
 Registrar and Transfer Agent 
 The registrar and transfer agent for the Common Shares is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
 Possible Anti-Takeover Effects of Maryland Law and our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws 
 The business combination provisions of Maryland law (with the exception that such provisions do not apply to transactions involving certain of Samuel Zell s (our former Chairman of the Board of Trustees) affiliates and persons acting in concert with them), the control share acquisition provisions of Maryland law (if the applicable provision in our Bylaws is rescinded), the exclusive power of the Trustees to fill vacancies on the Board of Trustees and the provision that any Trustee so appointed will serve for the remaining term of that trusteeship, the limitations on removal of Trustees, the power of the Board of Trustees to issue Preferred Shares (and the power to classify any unissued Preferred Shares and reclassify any previously classified but unissued Preferred Shares), the shareholders limited ability to call a special meeting, the advance notice provisions of our Bylaws (to the extent not mitigated by the proxy access provision) and the restrictions on the acquisition of our shares could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a transaction or a change in control of our Company that might involve a premium price for holders of Common Shares or that shareholders otherwise believe may be in their best interest. The unsolicited takeovers provisions of Maryland law permit the Board of Trustees, without shareholder approval and regardless of what is provided in our Declaration of Trust or Bylaws, to implement takeover defenses that we may not yet have. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-4.3>
 3
 eqr-ex4_3.htm
 EX-4.3

EX-4.3 

Exhibit 4.3 
 Description of ERP Operating Limited Partnership OP Units Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 Please note that in this exhibit, references to the Operating Partnership, we, our and us refer to ERP Operating Limited Partnership, as the issuer of the units of limited partnership interest, and references to the Company refer to Equity Residential, the general partner of the Operating Partnership, unless the context requires otherwise. 
 The description of the units of limited partnership interest (the OP Units of the Operating Partnership set forth below does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Seventh Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership Partnership Agreement ), as amended and/or restated from time to time, which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.3 is a part. We encourage you to read our Partnership Agreement, and the applicable provisions of Illinois law, including the Partnership Act (as defined below), for additional information. Capitalized terms used herein that are not defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
 General 
 The Company, as general partner of the Operating Partnership, is the sole manager of the business of the Operating Partnership and has the right to make all decisions and take all actions with respect thereto. No limited partner of the Operating Partnership (a Limited Partner may take part in the conduct or control of the business or affairs of the Operating Partnership by virtue of being a holder of OP Units. All of the Company s property ownership, development and related business operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership, and the Company has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in the Operating Partnership. 
 Holders of OP Units (other than the Company in its capacity as general partner) hold limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership, and all holders of OP Units (including the Company in its capacity as general partner) are entitled to share in cash distributions from, and in the profits and losses of, the Operating Partnership. Each OP Unit generally receives distributions in the same amount paid on each Common Share of Beneficial Interest, 0.01 par value (a Common Share ), of the Company. The OP Units are registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which registration does not affect their restricted nature. The OP Units are not listed on The New York Stock Exchange or any other exchange or quoted on any national market system. 
 The Operating Partnership was formed as a limited partnership under the Illinois Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act (the Partnership Act ). Holders of OP Units (other than the Company in its capacity as general partner) have the rights to which limited partners are entitled under the Partnership Agreement and the Partnership Act, including the right to exchange their OP Units for Common Shares, to receive distributions from the cash flow of the Operating Partnership, and to receive distributions upon liquidation of the Operating Partnership, each as described herein. The Partnership Agreement imposes certain restrictions on the transfer of OP Units, as described herein. 
 Distributions 
 The Partnership Agreement provides for the distribution of Operating Cash Flow and Capital Cash Flow to the partners not less frequently than annually. Operating Cash Flow is generally defined as cash receipts for the period in question (excluding capital contributions and proceeds of sales, financing and proceeds of insurance and condemnation and other items of Capital Cash Flow as hereinafter described) in excess of Operating Partnership expenses (excluding depreciation and other non-cash expenses) and cash needs, including debt service, capital expenditures and any reserves (as determined by the Company and which may include cash held for future acquisitions). Capital Cash Flow includes proceeds from the sale of assets of the Operating Partnership, gross financing or refinancing proceeds, gross condemnation or insurance proceeds (excluding such proceeds to be applied to restoration) less the sum of closing costs, the cost to discharge any partnership financing encumbering or otherwise associated with the asset in question, the establishment of reserves (as determined by the Company, and which may include cash held for future acquisitions) and other expenses of the Operating Partnership. Distributions of Operating Cash Flow and Capital Cash Flow shall be distributed first to partners holding Preference Units (as defined below), 

none of which are currently outstanding other than Series K Cumulative Redeemable Preference Units and Series Q Cumulative Redeemable Preference Units, to the extent of any applicable priorities, and then the balance among the partners holding OP Units and Restricted Units (as defined below) (on the basis of the OP Unit Value set forth in the terms of such Restricted Unit) and the partners holding Preference Units that are entitled to participate in such distributions on a pari passu basis with holders of OP Units and Restricted Units based on the quotient arrived at by dividing (i) the aggregate value of the units held by such partner by (ii) the aggregate value of all Preference Units, OP Units and Restricted Units issued and outstanding. 
 Liability of the Limited Partners 
 No partner of the Operating Partnership will be required to make additional capital contributions to the Operating Partnership, except that the Company is generally required to contribute net proceeds of the sale of shares of beneficial interest of the Company to the Operating Partnership. No limited or general partner will be required to pay to the Operating Partnership any deficit or negative balance which may exist in his or its account unless separately agreed to between the Limited Partner and the Operating Partnership. Assuming that a Limited Partner (in his or its capacity as limited partner) does not take part in the control of the business of the Operating Partnership, and otherwise acts in conformity with the provisions of the Partnership Agreement, the liability of the Limited Partner for obligations of the Operating Partnership under the Partnership Agreement and the Partnership Act will generally be limited, subject to certain possible exceptions, to the loss of the Limited Partner's investment in the Operating Partnership represented by his or its OP Units. Under the Partnership Act, the Operating Partnership may not make a distribution to a partner if, at the time of the distribution, after giving effect thereto, the liabilities of the Operating Partnership, other than liabilities to partners on account of their partnership interest, exceed the fair value of the Operating Partnership's assets, except that the fair value of any property subject to nonrecourse liabilities of the Operating Partnership will be included in the assets of the Operating Partnership to the extent that the fair value of such property exceeds such liability. The Partnership Act provides that a Limited Partner who receives a distribution in violation of the foregoing prohibition is liable to the Operating Partnership for the amount of the distribution. 
 Restrictions on Transfer of OP Units by Limited Partners 
 The Partnership Agreement provides that no Limited Partner shall, without the prior written consent of the Company (which may be withheld in the sole discretion of the Company), sell, assign, distribute or otherwise transfer all or any part of his or its interest in the Operating Partnership except (i) by operation of law, gift (outright or in trust) or by sale, in each case to or for the benefit of his parents, spouse or descendants, (ii) pledges or other collateral transfers effected by a Limited Partner to secure the repayment of a bona fide loan, (iii) the exchange of OP Units for Common Shares in accordance with the Partnership Agreement and (iv) the distribution of OP Units by a Limited Partner to any of its partners in compliance with any lock-up restrictions and/or applicable securities laws. 
 An assignee, legatee, distributee or other transferee Transferee of all or any portion of a partner's interest in the Operating Partnership shall be entitled to receive net profits, net losses and distributions under the Partnership Agreement attributable to such interest, from and after the effective date of the transfer of such interest, and Assignees shall have the ability to exercise the rights granted to Limited Partners under Section 3.2(C) of the Partnership Agreement (right to exchange OP Units for Common Shares), but shall not have any consent rights with respect to any matter presented to Limited Partners for approval; provided, however, (i) no transfer by a Limited Partner shall be effective until such transfer has been consented to by the Company, (ii) no Transferee shall be considered a substituted Limited Partner, and (iii) the Operating Partnership and the Company shall be entitled to treat the transferor of such interest as the absolute owner thereof in all respects, and shall incur no liability for the allocation of net profits, net losses or distributions which are made to such transferor until such time as the written instrument of transfer has been received by the Company and the effective date of the transfer has passed. The Company shall have the right to require any such transferor to exchange the OP Units to which such interest relates into Common Shares pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, excluding pledges of OP Units. The effective date of any transfer shall be the last day of the month set forth on the written instrument of transfer or such other date consented to in writing by the Company as the effective date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) in the event a Limited Partner dissolves and liquidates, the partners receiving any portion of the Limited Partner's interest in the Operating Partnership will become substitute Limited Partners and shall succeed to the rights and obligations of such Limited Partner in the Operating Partnership in proportion to their respective interests in the dissolving or liquidating Limited Partner and (y) no transfer shall be effective to the extent it would, by treating the OP Units so transferred as if they had been exchanged for Common 

Shares, violate the limitations on ownership set forth in the Company's declaration of trust in order to protect and preserve the Company's status as a REIT or violate any securities laws. Notwithstanding any provision of the Partnership Agreement to the contrary, no sale, exchange, assignment, or other transfer or issuance of a Partnership Interest by or to any Partner shall be effective if the effect of such transaction would be to cause the Company s Percentage Interest to decrease to a level of fifty percent (50 or less. 
 Exchange of OP Units 
 Subject to the limitations described herein, Limited Partners may exchange any or all of their OP Units for Common Shares, with one OP Unit being exchangeable for one Common Share, by notifying the Operating Partnership at least 10 days prior to the date of exchange. Upon receipt of such a request, the Operating Partnership may, in its discretion, in lieu of the Company issuing Common Shares, pay to such Limited Partner cash in an amount equal to the product arrived at by multiplying (i) the number of OP Units requested to be exchanged by such Limited Partner, by (ii) the market price per Common Share as determined in accordance with the Partnership Agreement. The Company will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued Common Shares, solely for the purpose of effecting the exchange of OP Units for Common Shares, such number of Common Shares as shall from time to time be sufficient for the conversion of all outstanding OP Units not owned by the Company, OP Units that may become issuable upon the automatic conversion of Restricted Units (as defined below) and any Preference Units (as defined below) not owned by the Company that are convertible into OP Units. No Limited Partner, by virtue of being the holder of one or more OP Units, will be deemed to be a shareholder of or have any other interest in the Company. In the event of any change in the outstanding Common Shares by reason of any share dividend, split, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, combination, exchange of shares or other similar change, the number of OP Units held by each partner shall be proportionately adjusted so that one OP Unit remains exchangeable for one share without dilution. A Limited Partner shall not have the right to request an exchange of OP Units for Common Shares if (1) in the opinion of counsel for the Company, the Company would, as a result thereof, no longer qualify (or it would be likely that the Company no longer would qualify) as a REIT under the Code; or (ii) such exchange would, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, constitute or be likely to constitute a violation of applicable securities laws. 
 No Withdrawal by Limited Partners 
 No Limited Partner has the right to withdraw from or reduce his or its capital contribution to the Operating Partnership, except as a result of the transfer of OP Units in accordance with the Partnership Agreement. 
 Issuance of Additional OP Units, Preference Units and/or Restricted Units 
 The Company is authorized at any time, without the consent of the Limited Partners, to cause the Operating Partnership to issue additional OP Units to (i) existing or newly admitted partners (including itself) in exchange for additional capital contributions by a partner Capital Contributions to the Operating Partnership, (ii) the Company in connection with the issuance by the Company of additional Common Shares in exchange for OP Units as provided in the Partnership Agreement or (iii) to the Company upon the issuance by the Company of additional Common Shares not in connection with the exchange of OP Units as provided in the Partnership Agreement, provided that any net proceeds received by the Company as a result of the issuance of additional shares are contributed to the Operating Partnership as additional Capital Contributions in accordance with the Partnership Agreement (except that the Company may issue Common Shares in connection with any Company share option plan, dividend reinvestment plan, restricted share plan or other benefit or compensation plan without receiving any proceeds and that the issuance of such shares shall nonetheless entitle the Company to additional OP Units). Upon the issuance of additional OP Units, the percentage interest of all the partners in the Operating Partnership would be diluted so that the percentage interest of each partner will equal the quotient (expressed as a percentage) arrived at by dividing the number of OP Units held by a partner by the total number of OP Units then outstanding. In addition, the Partnership Agreement provides that the Operating Partnership may also issue (i) preferred units Preference Units having such rights, preferences and other privileges, variations and designations as may be determined by the Company; and (ii) long-term incentive plan interests in the Operating Partnership issued for services provided to the Operating Partnership Restricted Units ), which have the right to share in distributions with the OP Units based on an assigned OP Unit Value and have such privileges, variations and designations as may be determined by the Company. Any such Preference Units may have terms, provisions and rights which are preferential to the terms, provisions and rights of the OP Units. Any such Restricted Units shall automatically convert into an OP Unit at such time as the Capital Account maintained with 

respect to such Restricted Unit reaches a target amount designated by the Company upon issuance of such Restricted Unit or will be automatically canceled if such target amount is not achieved within ten years of issuance. In no event may the Operating Partnership issue additional Preference Units, OP Units, or Restricted Units to the extent such issuance would result in the Company s Percentage Interest being fifty percent (50 or less. 
 Amendment of the Partnership Agreement 
 Each Partner, by execution of the Partnership Agreement, irrevocably appoints the Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Company, with power of substitution, as his or its true and lawful attorney coupled with an interest, in his or its name, place and stead to amend the Partnership Agreement in any respect other than: (i) to enlarge the obligation of any partner to make contributions to the capital of the Operating Partnership, (ii) except as otherwise provided for in the Partnership Agreement or as required by law, to modify the allocation of net profits or net losses or distributions among the partners as provided for in the Partnership Agreement, (iii) to amend certain provisions of the Partnership Agreement dealing with issuance and conversion of OP Units, powers and authorities of partners and transfers of partnership interests or (iv) to amend the provisions of the Partnership Agreement relating to amending the Partnership Agreement. With respect to the foregoing exceptions (ii) and (iii), the Partnership Agreement may be amended with the consent of those Limited Partners holding not less than 67 of the aggregate of Percentage Interests held by all Limited Partners; provided that certain changes to the terms of the Preference Units require the consent of holders of at least 67 of the applicable series of Preference Units. With respect to the foregoing exceptions (i) and (iv), the Partnership Agreement may be amended only with the written consent of all Partners. 
 Dissolution, Winding Up and Termination 
 The Operating Partnership will be dissolved and its affairs wound up upon the earliest of (i) the agreement of partners holding at least ninety percent (90 of the percentage interests of all of the partners (excluding percentage interests attributable to Restricted Units) that the Operating Partnership should be dissolved; or (ii) the entry of a final judgment, order or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction adjudicating as bankrupt either the Operating Partnership or the Company, and the expiration without appeal of the period, if any, allowed by applicable law to appeal therefrom. Any proceeds from liquidation of the Operating Partnership shall be applied in the following order of priority: (a) to pay debts of the Operating Partnership, including repayment of principal and interest on loans and advances made by the Company; (b) to the establishment of any reserves deemed necessary or appropriate by the Company, or by the person winding up the affairs of the Operating Partnership in the event there is no remaining general partner of the Operating Partnership, for any contingent or unforeseen liabilities or obligations of the Operating Partnership; and then (c) to the partners of the Operating Partnership, including holders of Restricted Units, in accordance with their respective capital account balances, after giving effect to all contributions, distributions and allocations for all periods. The Operating Partnership shall be terminated when all notes received in connection with such disposition have been paid and all of the cash or property available for application and distribution under the Partnership Agreement have been applied and distributed in accordance with the Partnership Agreement. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-21>
 4
 eqr-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Equity Residential and ERP Operating Limited Partnership 

Entity 
 
 Formation State 

1 
 1145 Acquisition, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

2 
 200 Quannapowitt Owner, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

3 
 303 Third SPE LLC 
 
 Delaware 

4 
 303 Third Street Developer LLC 
 
 Delaware 

5 
 303 Third Street Venture I LLC 
 
 Delaware 

6 
 303 Third Venture I SPE LLC 
 
 Delaware 

7 
 340 Fremont Owners Association 
 
 California 

8 
 777 Sixth Avenue Owner LLC 
 
 Delaware 

9 
 88 Hillside Homeowners Association 
 
 California 

10 
 9CO Block 7, Lot 1 Condominium Association, Inc. 
 
 Colorado 

11 
 Alameda Block 9 LP 
 
 Delaware 

12 
 Alban Towers LLC 
 
 District of Columbia 

13 
 Archstone 
 
 Maryland 

14 
 Archstone 101 West End Avenue GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

15 
 Archstone 101 West End Avenue LP 
 
 Delaware 

16 
 Archstone 180 Montague GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

17 
 Archstone 180 Montague LP 
 
 Delaware 

18 
 Archstone 5 Holdings LP 
 
 Delaware 

19 
 Archstone 5 LLC 
 
 Delaware 

20 
 Archstone 6 Holdings LP 
 
 Delaware 

21 
 Archstone 6 LLC 
 
 Delaware 

22 
 Archstone Alban Towers LLC 
 
 Delaware 

23 
 Archstone Arlington Courthouse Plaza LLC 
 
 Delaware 

24 
 Archstone Avenir GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

25 
 Archstone Avenir LP 
 
 Delaware 

26 
 Archstone Camargue LLC 
 
 Delaware 

27 
 Archstone Camargue Mezz LLC 
 
 Delaware 

28 
 Archstone CCP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

29 
 Archstone Columbia Crossing LLC 
 
 Delaware 

30 
 Archstone Columbia Crossing Mezz LLC 
 
 Delaware 

31 
 Archstone Communities LLC 
 
 Delaware 

32 
 Archstone Concourse LLC 
 
 Delaware 

33 
 Archstone Cronin's Landing LLC 
 
 Delaware 

34 
 Archstone Crystal Place LLC 
 
 Delaware 

35 
 Archstone Daggett Place LLC 
 
 Delaware 

36 
 Archstone DC 3 Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

37 
 Archstone DC 5 Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

38 
 Archstone DC 6 Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

39 
 Archstone DC 7 Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

40 
 Archstone DC Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

41 
 Archstone DC Investments 3-I LP 
 
 Delaware 

42 
 Archstone DC Investments 3-II LP 
 
 Delaware 

43 
 Archstone DC Investments 5-I LP 
 
 Delaware 

44 
 Archstone DC Investments 5-II LP 
 
 Delaware 

45 
 Archstone DC Investments 6-I LP 
 
 Delaware 

46 
 Archstone DC Investments 6-II LP 
 
 Delaware 

47 
 Archstone DC Investments 7 LLC 
 
 Delaware 

48 
 Archstone DC Master Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

49 
 Archstone DC Property Holdings LP 
 
 Delaware 

50 
 Archstone Del Mar Heights GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

51 
 Archstone Del Mar Heights LP 
 
 Delaware 

52 
 Archstone East 39th Street GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

53 
 Archstone East 39th Street Land LLC 
 
 Delaware 

54 
 Archstone East 39th Street LP 
 
 Delaware 

55 
 Archstone Gallery at Rosslyn LLC 
 
 Delaware 

56 
 Archstone Gateway Place LLC 
 
 Delaware 

57 
 Archstone HoldCo CM LLC 
 
 Delaware 

58 
 Archstone Inc. 
 
 Maryland 

59 
 Archstone Investments 7-I LP 
 
 Delaware 

60 
 Archstone Investments 7-II LP 
 
 Delaware 

61 
 Archstone Master Holdings GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

62 
 Archstone Master Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

63 
 Archstone Master Property Holdings GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

64 
 Archstone Master Property Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

65 
 Archstone Multifamily Series I Trust 
 
 Maryland 

66 
 Archstone Multifamily Series II LLC 
 
 Delaware 

67 
 Archstone Multifamily Series III LLC 
 
 Delaware 

68 
 Archstone Multifamily Series IV LLC 
 
 Delaware 

69 
 Archstone Near Northeast LLC 
 
 Delaware 

70 
 Archstone Northcreek LLC 
 
 Delaware 

71 
 Archstone Oakwood Boston LLC 
 
 Delaware 

72 
 Archstone Parallel Residual JV 2, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

73 
 Archstone Parallel Residual JV, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

74 
 Archstone Presidio View Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

75 
 Archstone Property Holdings GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

76 
 Archstone Property Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

77 
 Archstone Redmond Court LLC 
 
 Delaware 

78 
 Archstone Residual JV, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

79 
 Archstone Rincon Hill GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

80 
 Archstone Rincon Hill LP 
 
 Delaware 

81 
 Archstone San Mateo Holdings LP 
 
 Delaware 

82 
 Archstone Sausalito GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

83 
 Archstone Sausalito LP 
 
 Delaware 

84 
 Archstone Smith Corporate Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

85 
 Archstone South Market GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

86 
 Archstone South Market LP 
 
 Delaware 

87 
 Archstone South Market Mezz GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

88 
 Archstone South Market Mezz LP 
 
 Delaware 

89 
 Archstone Texas Land Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

90 
 Archstone Trademark JV, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

91 
 Archstone Westchester at Old Town GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

92 
 Archstone Westchester at Old Town LP 
 
 Delaware 

93 
 Archstone-Smith Unitholder Services LLC 
 
 Delaware 

94 
 Arrington Place Condominium Association 
 
 Washington 

95 
 Artery Northampton Limited Partnership 
 
 Maryland 

96 
 ASN Bellevue LLC 
 
 Delaware 

97 
 ASN Dupont Circle LLC 
 
 Delaware 

98 
 ASN Fairchase LLC 
 
 Delaware 

99 
 ASN Fairchase Mezz LLC 
 
 Delaware 

100 
 ASN Foundry LLC 
 
 Delaware 

101 
 ASN Kendall Square LLC 
 
 Delaware 

102 
 ASN Key West LLC 
 
 Delaware 

103 
 ASN Lake Mendota Investments LLC 
 
 Delaware 

104 
 ASN Monument Park LLC 
 
 Delaware 

105 
 ASN Murray Hill LLC 
 
 Delaware 

106 
 ASN Northgate, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

107 
 ASN Park Essex LLC 
 
 Delaware 

108 
 ASN Quarry Hills LLC 
 
 Delaware 

109 
 ASN Redmond Park LLC 
 
 Delaware 

110 
 ASN San Mateo GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

111 
 ASN San Mateo Holdings GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

112 
 ASN San Mateo LP 
 
 Delaware 

113 
 ASN Santa Clara GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

114 
 ASN Santa Clara LP 
 
 Delaware 

115 
 ASN Santa Clara Mezz GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

116 
 ASN Santa Clara Mezz LP 
 
 Delaware 

117 
 ASN Santa Monica GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

118 
 ASN Santa Monica LP 
 
 Delaware 

119 
 ASN Santa Monica Mezz GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

120 
 ASN Santa Monica Mezz LP 
 
 Delaware 

121 
 ASN Seattle LLC 
 
 Delaware 

122 
 ASN Watertown LLC 
 
 Delaware 

123 
 ASN Westmont LLC 
 
 Delaware 

124 
 ASN Wisconsin Place (Residential) LLC 
 
 Delaware 

125 
 ASN Wisconsin Place (Retail) LLC 
 
 Delaware 

126 
 Azure Mission Bay Owners Association 
 
 California 

127 
 BEL-EQR II Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

128 
 BEL-EQR II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

129 
 Brookside Place Associates, L.P. 
 
 California 

130 
 Brookside Place G.P. Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

131 
 Canyon Creek Village Associates, L.P. 
 
 California 

132 
 Canyon Creek Village G.P. Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

133 
 Carrollwood Place Limited Partnership 
 
 Texas 

134 
 Cedar Crest General Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

135 
 Charles River Park D Company 
 
 Massachusetts 

136 
 Cobblestone Village Community Rentals, L.P. 
 
 California 

137 
 Cobblestone Village G.P. Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

138 
 Country Oaks Associates, L.P. 
 
 California 

139 
 Country Oaks G.P. Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

140 
 Country Ridge General Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

141 
 CRICO of Fountain Place Limited Partnership 
 
 Minnesota 

142 
 CRICO of Ocean Walk Limited Partnership 
 
 Florida 

143 
 Crowntree Lee Vista, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

144 
 CRP Service Company, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

145 
 CRSI SPV 103, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

146 
 CRSI SPV 30130, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

147 
 CRSI SPV 30150, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

148 
 CRSI SPV 30197, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

149 
 Deerfield Associates, L.P. 
 
 California 

150 
 Deerfield G.P. Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

151 
 Duxford Insurance Company, LLC 
 
 Vermont 

152 
 Duxford LLC 
 
 Delaware 

153 
 EC-Belle Arts, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

154 
 EC-Mission Verde, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

155 
 EC-Mission Verde, LP 
 
 Delaware 

156 
 Edgewater Community Rentals, L.P. 
 
 California 

157 
 Edgewater G.P. Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

158 
 E-Lodge Associates Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

159 
 EQR - Briarwood Limited Partnership 
 
 California 

160 
 EQR (1999) Master Limited Liability Company 
 
 Delaware 

161 
 EQR (1999) Towers LLC 
 
 Delaware 

162 
 EQR Chase Knolls Lender LLC 
 
 Delaware 

163 
 EQR No. One Master Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

164 
 EQR No. Two Master Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

165 
 EQR Warwick, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

166 
 EQR/KB California RCI LLC 
 
 Delaware 

167 
 EQR/Lincoln Fort Lewis Communities LLC 
 
 Delaware 

168 
 EQR/Lincoln Guaranty Credit Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

169 
 EQR/Lincoln RCI Southeast LLC 
 
 Delaware 

170 
 EQR-1250 Cherokee LLC 
 
 Delaware 

171 
 EQR-12th Massachusetts, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

172 
 EQR-140 Riverside, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

173 
 EQR-1500 Mass, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

174 
 EQR-160 Riverside, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

175 
 EQR-175 Kent Avenue A, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

176 
 EQR-175 Kent Avenue B, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

177 
 EQR-1776 Broadway LLC 
 
 Delaware 

178 
 EQR-180 Riverside, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

179 
 EQR-200 Quannapowitt Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

180 
 EQR-228 West 71st, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

181 
 EQR-2300 Elliott, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

182 
 EQR-2400 Residential, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

183 
 EQR-249 Third Street LLC 
 
 Delaware 

184 
 EQR-250 Everett Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

185 
 EQR-2850 Kelvin GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

186 
 EQR-2850 Kelvin LP 
 
 Delaware 

187 
 EQR-3 WPD Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

188 
 EQR-315 on A Apartments LLC 
 
 Delaware 

189 
 EQR-320 Pine, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

190 
 EQR-400 PAS, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

191 
 EQR-401 Massachusetts, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

192 
 EQR-41 West 86th, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

193 
 EQR-4111 South Via Marina GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

194 
 EQR-4111 South Via Marina LP 
 
 Delaware 

195 
 EQR-425 Massachusetts, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

196 
 EQR-4th Hill GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

197 
 EQR-4th Hill LP 
 
 Delaware 

198 
 EQR-50 West 77th, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

199 
 EQR-600 Washington, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

200 
 EQR-655 Folsom GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

201 
 EQR-655 Folsom LP 
 
 Delaware 

202 
 EQR-680 Berendo A LP 
 
 Delaware 

203 
 EQR-680 Berendo GP A LLC 
 
 Delaware 

204 
 EQR-680 Berendo GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

205 
 EQR-680 Berendo LP 
 
 Delaware 

206 
 EQR-688 Berendo GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

207 
 EQR-688 Berendo LP 
 
 Delaware 

208 
 EQR-71 Broadway, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

209 
 EQR-77 Park Avenue LLC 
 
 Delaware 

210 
 EQR-9th W Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

211 
 EQR-Academy Village Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

212 
 EQR-Academy Village SPE, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

213 
 EQR-Acappella Pasadena GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

214 
 EQR-Acappella Pasadena Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

215 
 EQR-Acheson Commons, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

216 
 EQR-Acquisitions GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

217 
 EQR-Acquisitions, LP 
 
 Delaware 

218 
 EQR-Aerwave Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

219 
 EQR-Alameda Block 9 EHC LLC 
 
 Delaware 

220 
 EQR-Alameda Block 9 GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

221 
 EQR-Alameda Block 9 LP 
 
 Delaware 

222 
 EQR-Alcyone Apartments, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

223 
 EQR-Alexandria, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

224 
 EQR-Alloy Sunnyside Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

225 
 EQR-Apartment Holding Co., Inc. 
 
 New York 

226 
 EQR-Apartment Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

227 
 EQR-Arches Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

228 
 EQR-Arches, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

229 
 EQR-Archstone TM Holder, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

230 
 EQR-Arden Villas, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

231 
 EQR-ArtBHolder, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

232 
 EQR-ArtCapLoan, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

233 
 EQR-Artech Berkeley Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

234 
 EQR-Artisan on Second Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

235 
 EQR-Artisan on Second, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

236 
 EQR-Avanti, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

237 
 EQR-Avanti, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 

238 
 EQR-Azure Creek, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

239 
 EQR-Back Bay Manor, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

240 
 EQR-Barrington, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

241 
 EQR-Baxter LLC 
 
 Delaware 

242 
 EQR-Bay Hill Conversion, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

243 
 EQR-Bay Hill, LP 
 
 Delaware 

244 
 EQR-Beatrice, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

245 
 EQR-Bella Vista California GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

246 
 EQR-Bella Vista California, LP 
 
 Delaware 

247 
 EQR-Bella Vista, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

248 
 EQR-Belle Fontaine Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

249 
 EQR-Belle Fontaine, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

250 
 EQR-Bellevue Meadow, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

251 
 EQR-Berkeleyan Berkeley Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

252 
 EQR-Bilt Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

253 
 EQR-Bond Partnership 
 
 Georgia 

254 
 EQR-Bradley Park, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

255 
 EQR-Braintree, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

256 
 EQR-Breakwater Marina GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

257 
 EQR-Breakwater Marina LP 
 
 Delaware 

258 
 EQR-Briarwood GP Limited Partnership 
 
 California 

259 
 EQR-Briarwood GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

260 
 EQR-Bridle Trails Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

261 
 EQR-Broadway Towers, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

262 
 EQR-Broadway Towers, LP 
 
 Delaware 

263 
 EQR-Brodie LLC 
 
 Delaware 

264 
 EQR-Brookdale Village, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

265 
 EQR-C on Pico GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

266 
 EQR-C on Pico, LP 
 
 Delaware 

267 
 EQR-Camber Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

268 
 EQR-Cape House I, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

269 
 EQR-Cape House I, LP 
 
 Delaware 

270 
 EQR-Cape House II, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

271 
 EQR-Carmel Terrace Vistas, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

272 
 EQR-Cascade II, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

273 
 EQR-Cascade, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

274 
 EQR-Cedar Ridge GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

275 
 EQR-Cedar Ridge Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

276 
 EQR-Centennial Court, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

277 
 EQR-Centennial Tower, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

278 
 EQR-Chase, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

279 
 EQR-Chelsea Square GP Limited Partnership 
 
 Washington 

280 
 EQR-Chelsea Square Limited Partnership 
 
 Washington 

281 
 EQR-Chelsea, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

282 
 EQR-Chickasaw Crossing, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

283 
 EQR-Chickasaw Crossing, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

284 
 EQR-Chinatown Gateway LP 
 
 Delaware 

285 
 EQR-Chinatown Gateway, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

286 
 EQR-Chloe LLC 
 
 Delaware 

287 
 EQR-Church Corner, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

288 
 EQR-City Pointe Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

289 
 EQR-City Pointe, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

290 
 EQR-Clarendon, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

291 
 EQR-Cliffwalk, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

292 
 EQR-Coachman Trails, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

293 
 EQR-Cupertino GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

294 
 EQR-Cupertino LP 
 
 Delaware 

295 
 EQR-Dalton LLC 
 
 Delaware 

296 
 EQR-Dartmouth Woods General Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

297 
 EQR-Deep Ellum GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

298 
 EQR-Deep Ellum LP 
 
 Delaware 

299 
 EQR-Deerfield GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

300 
 EQR-Deerwood Vistas, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

301 
 EQR-Del Lago Vistas, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

302 
 EQR-Del Mar Ridge GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

303 
 EQR-Del Mar Ridge, LP 
 
 Delaware 

304 
 EQR-District Holding, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

305 
 EQR-Doral Financing Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

306 
 EQR-Dulles, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

307 
 EQR-Dupont Corcoran, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

308 
 EQR-East 27th Street Apartments, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

309 
 EQR-Edgemoor LLC 
 
 Delaware 

310 
 EQR-Eleve GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

311 
 EQR-Eleve, LP 
 
 Delaware 

312 
 EQR-Elise Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

313 
 EQR-Emerald Place Financing Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

314 
 EQR-Emeryville GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

315 
 EQR-Emeryville LP 
 
 Delaware 

316 
 EQR-Encore Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

317 
 EQR-Encore, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

318 
 EQR-Ennis Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

319 
 EQR-Enterprise Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

320 
 EQR-EOI Financing Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

321 
 EQR-Essex Place Financing Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

322 
 EQR-EWR Holding, LP 
 
 Delaware 

323 
 EQR-Exchange, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

324 
 EQR-Eye Street, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

325 
 EQR-Fairfax Corner, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

326 
 EQR-Fairfax Ridge LLC 
 
 Delaware 

327 
 EQR-Fairfield Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

328 
 EQR-Fairfield, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

329 
 EQR-Fancap 2000A Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

330 
 EQR-Fancap 2000A, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

331 
 EQR-Fankey 2004 Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

332 
 EQR-Fankey 2004, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

333 
 EQR-Fanwell 2007 GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

334 
 EQR-Fanwell 2007 Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

335 
 EQR-Fifth Wall LLC 
 
 Delaware 

336 
 EQR-Fine Arts Berkeley Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

337 
 EQR-Fitzsimons LLC 
 
 Delaware 

338 
 EQR-Flatlands, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

339 
 EQR-Flora GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

340 
 EQR-Flora LP 
 
 Delaware 

341 
 EQR-Foundry Member, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

342 
 EQR-Fremont GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

343 
 EQR-Fremont LP 
 
 Delaware 

344 
 EQR-Fresca 2009 GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

345 
 EQR-Fresca 2009 Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

346 
 EQR-FW II Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

347 
 EQR-FW III ES Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

348 
 EQR-FW III LS Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

349 
 EQR-FWCT Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

350 
 EQR-FWCT Loop Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

351 
 EQR-Gaia Berkeley Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

352 
 EQR-Gateway at Malden Center, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

353 
 EQR-Girard LLC 
 
 Delaware 

354 
 EQR-GLO Apartments Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

355 
 EQR-GLO Apartments, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

356 
 EQR-GLO Low Income Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

357 
 EQR-Governor's Place Financing Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

358 
 EQR-Gowanus Development LLC 
 
 Delaware 

359 
 EQR-Hampshire Place Conversion, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

360 
 EQR-Hampshire Place, LP 
 
 Delaware 

361 
 EQR-Harbor Steps Member, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

362 
 EQR-Harbor Steps, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

363 
 EQR-Heights on Capitol Hill LLC 
 
 Delaware 

364 
 EQR-Heritage Ridge, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

365 
 EQR-Heritage Ridge, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 

366 
 EQR-HHC 1 2 GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

367 
 EQR-HHC 1 2, LP 
 
 Delaware 

368 
 EQR-Highlands, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

369 
 EQR-Hikari Apartments, LP 
 
 California 

370 
 EQR-Hikari GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

371 
 EQR-Hikari Landlord, LP 
 
 California 

372 
 EQR-Hikari Low-Income, LP 
 
 Delaware 

373 
 EQR-Hillside II GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

374 
 EQR-Hillside II LP 
 
 Delaware 

375 
 EQR-Hillside Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

376 
 EQR-Hillside, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

377 
 EQR-Holding, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

378 
 EQR-Holding, LLC2 
 
 Delaware 

379 
 EQR-Hudson Crossing, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

380 
 EQR-Hudson Pointe, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

381 
 EQR-Huxley GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

382 
 EQR-Huxley LP 
 
 Delaware 

383 
 EQR-Hyattsville, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

384 
 EQR-Ivory Wood, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

385 
 EQR-Joyce on Pentagon Row, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

386 
 EQR-Juniper Sandy Springs LLC 
 
 Delaware 

387 
 EQR-Kelvin Court, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

388 
 EQR-Kenwood Mews GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

389 
 EQR-Kenwood Mews LP 
 
 Delaware 

390 
 EQR-Kilby GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

391 
 EQR-Kilby LP 
 
 Delaware 

392 
 EQR-La Terrazza at Colma Station GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

393 
 EQR-La Terrazza at Colma Station Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

394 
 EQR-Lane LLC 
 
 Delaware 

395 
 EQR-Ledges LLC 
 
 Delaware 

396 
 EQR-Legacy Holdings JV Member, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

397 
 EQR-Lessen Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

398 
 EQR-LEX A LP 
 
 Delaware 

399 
 EQR-LEX B LP 
 
 Delaware 

400 
 EQR-LEX C LP 
 
 Delaware 

401 
 EQR-LEX D LP 
 
 Delaware 

402 
 EQR-LEX GP A LLC 
 
 Delaware 

403 
 EQR-LEX GP B LLC 
 
 Delaware 

404 
 EQR-LEX GP C LLC 
 
 Delaware 

405 
 EQR-LEX GP D LLC 
 
 Delaware 

406 
 EQR-LEX GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

407 
 EQR-LEX LP 
 
 Delaware 

408 
 EQR-Lexford Lender, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

409 
 EQR-Liberty Tower, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

410 
 EQR-Lincoln Braintree, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

411 
 EQR-Lincoln Fairfax, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

412 
 EQR-Lincoln Laguna Clara L.P. 
 
 Delaware 

413 
 EQR-Lincoln Santa Clara L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

414 
 EQR-Lindley Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

415 
 EQR-Lindley, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

416 
 EQR-Lodge (OK) GP Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

417 
 EQR-LPC Urban Renewal North Pier, L.L.C. 
 
 New Jersey 

418 
 EQR-Luna Upper Westside LLC 
 
 Delaware 

419 
 EQR-Madison Henry, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

420 
 EQR-Madison LLC 
 
 Delaware 

421 
 EQR-Madox LLC 
 
 Delaware 

422 
 EQR-Mantena, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

423 
 EQR-Mara GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

424 
 EQR-Mara LP 
 
 Delaware 

425 
 EQR-Marina Bay, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

426 
 EQR-Marina Del Rey-I GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

427 
 EQR-Marina Del Rey-I Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

428 
 EQR-Marina Del Rey-II GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

429 
 EQR-Marina Del Rey-II Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

430 
 EQR-Mark on 8th LLC 
 
 Delaware 

431 
 EQR-Mark on 8th Mezz LLC 
 
 Delaware 

432 
 EQR-Market Street Landing, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

433 
 EQR-Market Village Conversion, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

434 
 EQR-Market Village, LP 
 
 Delaware 

435 
 EQR-Marshfield Commerce Way Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

436 
 EQR-MET CA Financing Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

437 
 EQR-Metro on First LLC 
 
 Delaware 

438 
 EQR-MHL McCaslin Hidden Lakes, LLC 
 
 Texas 

439 
 EQR-Midnight Rodeo Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

440 
 EQR-Mill Creek, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

441 
 EQR-Millikan Avenue GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

442 
 EQR-Millikan Avenue, LP 
 
 Delaware 

443 
 EQR-Milo LLC 
 
 Delaware 

444 
 EQR-Mission Bay Block 13 Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

445 
 EQR-Mission Bay Block 13, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

446 
 EQR-Missouri, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

447 
 EQR-MLP 1, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

448 
 EQR-MLP 2, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

449 
 EQR-Moda, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

450 
 EQR-Montclair Reserve, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

451 
 EQR-Montclair, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

452 
 EQR-Montierra GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

453 
 EQR-Montierra LP 
 
 Delaware 

454 
 EQR-Mountain View GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

455 
 EQR-Mountain View LP 
 
 Delaware 

456 
 EQR-MR McCaslin Riverhill, LLC 
 
 Texas 

457 
 EQR-Navitas III LLC 
 
 Delaware 

458 
 EQR-Navitas LLC 
 
 Delaware 

459 
 EQR-NEW LLC 
 
 Delaware 

460 
 EQR-NEW LLC3 
 
 Maryland 

461 
 EQR-Next on Sixth GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

462 
 EQR-Next on Sixth LP 
 
 Delaware 

463 
 EQR-Nine Mile LLC 
 
 Delaware 

464 
 EQR-North Ninth II LLC 
 
 Delaware 

465 
 EQR-North Ninth LLC 
 
 Delaware 

466 
 EQR-North Pier, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

467 
 EQR-Northpark Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

468 
 EQR-Northpark, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

469 
 EQR-Notch LLC 
 
 Delaware 

470 
 EQR-Notch Mezz LLC 
 
 Delaware 

471 
 EQR-Oak Park Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

472 
 EQR-Old Town Lofts LLC 
 
 Delaware 

473 
 EQR-Olivian at the Realm GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

474 
 EQR-Olivian at the Realm LP 
 
 Delaware 

475 
 EQR-One Henry Adams GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

476 
 EQR-One Henry Adams LP 
 
 Delaware 

477 
 EQR-Osprey LLC 
 
 Delaware 

478 
 EQR-Pacific Place, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

479 
 EQR-Pacific Place, LP 
 
 Delaware 

480 
 EQR-Packard LLC 
 
 Delaware 

481 
 EQR-Palm Harbor, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

482 
 EQR-Parallel Residual JV 2 Member, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

483 
 EQR-Parc on Powell GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

484 
 EQR-Parc on Powell LP 
 
 Delaware 

485 
 EQR-Parc Vue, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

486 
 EQR-Park Place I General Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

487 
 EQR-Park Place II General Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

488 
 EQR-Park West (CA) Vistas, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

489 
 EQR-Parkside Limited Partnership 
 
 Texas 

490 
 EQR-Pearl LLC 
 
 Delaware 

491 
 EQR-PEF 3 GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

492 
 EQR-PEF 3 Holding LP 
 
 Delaware 

493 
 EQR-PEF 3 LLC 
 
 Delaware 

494 
 EQR-PEF GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

495 
 EQR-PEF Holding LP 
 
 Delaware 

496 
 EQR-PEF LLC 
 
 Delaware 

497 
 EQR-Pegasus Apartments, LP 
 
 Delaware 

498 
 EQR-Penman LLC 
 
 Delaware 

499 
 EQR-Pershing, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

500 
 EQR-Plantation Financing Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

501 
 EQR-Playa Del Rey GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

502 
 EQR-Playa Del Rey LP 
 
 Delaware 

503 
 EQR-Prado GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

504 
 EQR-Prado LP 
 
 Delaware 

505 
 EQR-Prime, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

506 
 EQR-Prospect Towers Phase II LLC 
 
 Delaware 

507 
 EQR-QRS Highline Oaks, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

508 
 EQR-Radius Uptown LLC 
 
 Delaware 

509 
 EQR-Ranch at Fossil Creek, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

510 
 EQR-Ranch at Fossil Creek, L.P. 
 
 Texas 

511 
 EQR-REBA Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

512 
 EQR-Redmond Way Mezz LLC 
 
 Delaware 

513 
 EQR-Redmond Way, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

514 
 EQR-Regency Park, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

515 
 EQR-Rehab Master GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

516 
 EQR-Rehab Master Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

517 
 EQR-Remy Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

518 
 EQR-Reserve at Burlington LLC 
 
 Delaware 

519 
 EQR-Reserve at Eisenhower LLC 
 
 Delaware 

520 
 EQR-Reserve Square Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

521 
 EQR-Residual JV Member, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

522 
 EQR-Rianna, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

523 
 EQR-Richmond Row LLC 
 
 Delaware 

524 
 EQR-RID SP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

525 
 EQR-Ridgewood Village GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

526 
 EQR-Ridgewood Village LP 
 
 Delaware 

527 
 EQR-Riva Terra I GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

528 
 EQR-Riva Terra I LP 
 
 Delaware 

529 
 EQR-Riva Terra II GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

530 
 EQR-Riva Terra II LP 
 
 Delaware 

531 
 EQR-River Park Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

532 
 EQR-Rivercrest Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

533 
 EQR-Riverpark, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

534 
 EQR-Rivington LLC 
 
 Delaware 

535 
 EQR-Runwise Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

536 
 EQR-Sakura Apartments, LP 
 
 California 

537 
 EQR-Sakura GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

538 
 EQR-Sakura Landlord, LP 
 
 California 

539 
 EQR-Sakura Low-Income, LP 
 
 Delaware 

540 
 EQR-Saxton LLC 
 
 Delaware 

541 
 EQR-Seattle Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

542 
 EQR-Second and Pine II, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

543 
 EQR-Second and Pine, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

544 
 EQR-Shady Grove, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

545 
 EQR-Siena Terrace, LP 
 
 Delaware 

546 
 EQR-SightPlan Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

547 
 EQR-Silver Spring Gateway Residential, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

548 
 EQR-Silver Spring Gateway, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

549 
 EQR-Silver Spring Residential Associates, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

550 
 EQR-Skyhouse South LLC 
 
 Delaware 

551 
 EQR-Skylark Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

552 
 EQR-Skyview GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

553 
 EQR-Skyview, LP 
 
 Delaware 

554 
 EQR-SLP II LLC 
 
 Delaware 

555 
 EQR-SLP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

556 
 EQR-Solana Beeler Park Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

557 
 EQR-Soma II GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

558 
 EQR-Soma II LP 
 
 Delaware 

559 
 EQR-Sombra 2008 GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

560 
 EQR-Sombra 2008 Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

561 
 EQR-South City Station GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

562 
 EQR-South City Station LP 
 
 Delaware 

563 
 EQR-South Plainfield I, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 

564 
 EQR-South Plainfield, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

565 
 EQR-Southwood GP Limited Partnership 
 
 California 

566 
 EQR-Southwood Limited Partnership 
 
 California 

567 
 EQR-Southwood LP I Limited Partnership 
 
 California 

568 
 EQR-Southwood LP II Limited Partnership 
 
 California 

569 
 EQR-Springline LLC 
 
 Delaware 

570 
 EQR-Square One LLC 
 
 Delaware 

571 
 EQR-Square One Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

572 
 EQR-St Johns GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

573 
 EQR-St Johns LP 
 
 Delaware 

574 
 EQR-STOA GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

575 
 EQR-STOA LP 
 
 Delaware 

576 
 EQR-Stonybrook, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

577 
 EQR-Summer Creek, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

578 
 EQR-Surrey Downs, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

579 
 EQR-SWN Line Financing Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

580 
 EQR-Tallman, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

581 
 EQR-Tanasbourne Terrace Financing Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

582 
 EQR-Teresina Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

583 
 EQR-Teresina, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

584 
 EQR-Terraces Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

585 
 EQR-Terraces, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

586 
 EQR-The Cleo GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

587 
 EQR-The Cleo LP 
 
 Delaware 

588 
 EQR-The Hesby LLC 
 
 Delaware 

589 
 EQR-The Hesby LP 
 
 Delaware 

590 
 EQR-The Oaks GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

591 
 EQR-The Oaks LP 
 
 Delaware 

592 
 EQR-The Palms, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

593 
 EQR-The Ridge, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

594 
 EQR-Theo LLC 
 
 Delaware 

595 
 EQR-Toscana Apartments, LP 
 
 Delaware 

596 
 EQR-Touriel Berkeley Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

597 
 EQR-Town Square at Millbrook, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

598 
 EQR-Townhouse Gardens, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

599 
 EQR-Townhouse Gardens, LP 
 
 Delaware 

600 
 EQR-Townhouse Plaza, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

601 
 EQR-Townhouse Plaza, LP 
 
 Delaware 

602 
 EQR-Troy LLC 
 
 Delaware 

603 
 EQR-Urban Renewal 77 Hudson Street, L.L.C. 
 
 New Jersey 

604 
 EQR-Urban Renewal Jersey City, L.L.C. 
 
 New Jersey 

605 
 EQR-Uwajimaya Village, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

606 
 EQR-Valencia GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

607 
 EQR-Valencia Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

608 
 EQR-Valley Park South Financing Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

609 
 EQR-Vantage GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

610 
 EQR-Vantage LP 
 
 Delaware 

611 
 EQR-Veloce, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

612 
 EQR-Venn at Main A LLC 
 
 Delaware 

613 
 EQR-Venn at Main B LLC 
 
 Delaware 

614 
 EQR-Venn at Main LLC 
 
 Delaware 

615 
 EQR-Versailles Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

616 
 EQR-Versailles, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

617 
 EQR-Victor, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

618 
 EQR-Victor, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 

619 
 EQR-Villa Serenas Successor Borrower, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

620 
 EQR-Villa Solana Vistas, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

621 
 EQR-Village at Lakewood, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

622 
 EQR-Vintage I, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 

623 
 EQR-Vintage II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

624 
 EQR-Virginia Square LLC 
 
 Delaware 

625 
 EQR-Virginia, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

626 
 EQR-Vista del Lago, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

627 
 EQR-Walden Park, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

628 
 EQR-Waterfall, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

629 
 EQR-Watermarke I, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

630 
 EQR-Watermarke II, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

631 
 EQR-Waterside, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

632 
 EQR-Watson General Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

633 
 EQR-Weaver GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

634 
 EQR-Weaver LP 
 
 Delaware 

635 
 EQR-Wellfan 2008 GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

636 
 EQR-Wellfan 2008 Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

637 
 EQR-Wellington Hill Financing Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

638 
 EQR-Wellington, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

639 
 EQR-West Coast Portfolio GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

640 
 EQR-West Seattle, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

641 
 EQR-Westerly GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

642 
 EQR-Westerly LP 
 
 Delaware 

643 
 EQR-Westfield Village, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

644 
 EQR-Westside GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

645 
 EQR-Westside LP 
 
 Delaware 

646 
 EQR-Woodland Park A Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

647 
 EQR-Woodland Park A, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

648 
 EQR-Woodland Park B Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

649 
 EQR-Woodland Park B, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

650 
 EQR-Woodland Park C Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

651 
 EQR-Woodland Park C, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

652 
 EQR-Woodland Park Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

653 
 EQR-Woodland Park, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

654 
 EQR-Woodleaf Apartments GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

655 
 EQR-Woodleaf Apartments, LP 
 
 Delaware 

656 
 EQR-WP Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

657 
 EQR-Yorktowne Financing Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

658 
 EQR-Zephyr LLC 
 
 Delaware 

659 
 Equity Corporate Housing, Inc. 
 
 Ohio 

660 
 Equity Marina Bay Phase II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

661 
 Equity Residential Foundation 
 
 Illinois 

662 
 Equity Residential Management, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

663 
 Equity Residential Properties Management Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

664 
 Equity Residential Properties Management Corp. II 
 
 Delaware 

665 
 Equity Residential Properties Management Corp. Protective Trust II 
 
 Delaware 

666 
 Equity Residential REIT Services II, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

667 
 Equity Residential REIT Services Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

668 
 Equity Residential Services II, LLC 
 
 Illinois 

669 
 Equity Residential Services, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

670 
 Equity-Lodge Venture Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

671 
 Equity-Tasman Apartments LLC 
 
 Delaware 

672 
 ERP Holding Co., Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

673 
 ERP Operating Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

674 
 ERP-New England Program, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

675 
 ERP-QRS Arbors, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

676 
 ERP-QRS BS, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

677 
 ERP-QRS Cedar Ridge, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

678 
 ERP-QRS Country Club I, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

679 
 ERP-QRS Country Club II, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

680 
 ERP-QRS Country Ridge, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

681 
 ERP-QRS CPRT II, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

682 
 ERP-QRS Essex Place, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

683 
 ERP-QRS Fairfield, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

684 
 ERP-QRS Flatlands, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

685 
 ERP-QRS Georgian Woods Annex, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

686 
 ERP-QRS Glenlake Club, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

687 
 ERP-QRS Grove L.P., Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

688 
 ERP-QRS Lincoln, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

689 
 ERP-QRS Lodge (OK), Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

690 
 ERP-QRS Magnum, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

691 
 ERP-QRS MET CA, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

692 
 ERP-QRS Northampton I, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

693 
 ERP-QRS Sonterra at Foothills Ranch, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

694 
 ERP-QRS SWN Line, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

695 
 ERP-QRS Towne Centre III, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

696 
 ERP-QRS Towne Centre IV, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

697 
 ERP-Southeast Properties, L.L.C. 
 
 Georgia 

698 
 ET 400 PAS, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

699 
 Evans Withycombe Finance Partnership, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 

700 
 Evans Withycombe Residential, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 

701 
 Feather River Community Rentals, L.P. 
 
 California 

702 
 Feather River G.P. Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

703 
 Florida Partners G.P. 
 
 Illinois 

704 
 Fort Lewis SPE, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

705 
 Geary Courtyard Associates 
 
 California 

706 
 Georgian Woods Annex Associates 
 
 Maryland 

707 
 Governor's Green I Trust 
 
 Delaware 

708 
 Governor's Green II Trust 
 
 Delaware 

709 
 Governor's Green III Trust 
 
 Delaware 

710 
 GPT-929 House, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

711 
 GPT-Abington Land, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

712 
 Grove Operating, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 

713 
 Guilford Company, Inc. 
 
 Alabama 

714 
 Hidden Lake Associates, L.P. 
 
 California 

715 
 Hidden Lake G.P. Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

716 
 Hunter's Glen General Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

717 
 Kelvin Court Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

718 
 Lakeview Community Rentals, L.P. 
 
 California 

719 
 Lakeview G.P. Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

720 
 Lakewood Community Rentals G.P. Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

721 
 Lakewood Community Rentals, L.P. 
 
 California 

722 
 Lantern Cove Associates, L.P. 
 
 California 

723 
 Lantern Cove G.P. Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

724 
 Lawrence Downtown Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

725 
 Lawrence Street Borrower, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

726 
 Lawrence Street Partners, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

727 
 Legacy Holdings JV, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

728 
 Lenox Place Limited Partnership 
 
 Texas 

729 
 Lexford Guilford, Inc. 
 
 Ohio 

730 
 Lexford Partners, L.L.C. 
 
 Ohio 

731 
 Lexford Properties, L.P. 
 
 Ohio 

732 
 Linear Park, Inc. 
 
 California 

733 
 Lofts 590 LLC 
 
 Delaware 

734 
 Longview Place, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

735 
 Mission Verde Condominium Homeowners Association 
 
 California 

736 
 ML Tennessee Apartments LP 
 
 Georgia 

737 
 Mozaic Loan Acquisition, LP 
 
 Delaware 

738 
 Multifamily Portfolio LP Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

739 
 Multifamily Portfolio Partners, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

740 
 North Pier L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

741 
 OEC Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

742 
 Old Redwoods LLC 
 
 Delaware 

743 
 One Henry Adams Owners Association 
 
 California 

744 
 PC21 Investments, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

745 
 Potrero 1010 Owners Association 
 
 California 

746 
 Prince George's Metro Apartments, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

747 
 Purcel Woodward and Ames, L.L.C. 
 
 New York 

748 
 QRS-Arboretum, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

749 
 QRS-ArtCapLoan, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

750 
 QRS-Bond, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

751 
 QRS-Codelle, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

752 
 QRS-Connor, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

753 
 QRS-Emerald Place GP, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

754 
 QRS-Employer, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

755 
 QRS-Fancap 2000A, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

756 
 QRS-Greentree I, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

757 
 QRS-LLC, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

758 
 QRS-Marks A, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

759 
 QRS-Marks B, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

760 
 QRS-RWE, Inc. 
 
 Texas 

761 
 QRS-Scarborough, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

762 
 QRS-Siena Terrace, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

763 
 QRS-Summit Center, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

764 
 QRS-Towers at Portside, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

765 
 QRS-Warwick, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

766 
 QRS-Waterfall, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

767 
 Quannapowitt Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

768 
 Quannapowitt Sponsor, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

769 
 Redwood Shores Owners Association 
 
 California 

770 
 Residential Insurance Agency, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

771 
 Riverpark Redmond Condominium Association 
 
 Washington 

772 
 Rosehill Pointe General Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

773 
 Schooner Bay I Associates, L.P. 
 
 California 

774 
 Schooner Bay I G.P. Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

775 
 Schooner Bay II Associates, L.P. 
 
 California 

776 
 Schooner Bay II G.P. Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

777 
 Second and Pine Owners Association 
 
 Washington 

778 
 Second Country Club Associates Limited Partnership 
 
 Maryland 

779 
 Sheffield Apartments, L.L.C. 
 
 Virginia 

780 
 Smith Property Holdings 4411 Connecticut LLC 
 
 Delaware 

781 
 Smith Property Holdings Alban Towers LLC 
 
 Delaware 

782 
 Smith Property Holdings Columbia Road LP 
 
 Delaware 

783 
 Smith Property Holdings Six (D.C.) LP 
 
 Delaware 

784 
 Smith Property Holdings Three (D.C.) LP 
 
 Delaware 

785 
 Smith Property Holdings Three LP 
 
 Delaware 

786 
 Smith Property Holdings Van Ness LP 
 
 Delaware 

787 
 Smith Property Holdings Water Park Towers LLC 
 
 Delaware 

788 
 Smith Property Holdings Wilson LLC 
 
 Delaware 

789 
 Smith Realty Company 
 
 Delaware 

790 
 Songbird General Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

791 
 South Shore Associates, L.P. 
 
 California 

792 
 South Shore G.P. Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

793 
 Sunny Oak Village General Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

794 
 The Cleo Homeowners' Association 
 
 California 

795 
 The Crossings Associates 
 
 Florida 

796 
 The Gates of Redmond, L.L.C. 
 
 Washington 

797 
 The Landings Holding Company, L.L.C. 
 
 New Jersey 

798 
 The Landings Urban Renewal Company, L.L.C. 
 
 New Jersey 

799 
 The Realm Master Condominium Community, Inc. 
 
 Texas 

800 
 The Veridian at Silver Spring Metro Owners Association, Inc. 
 
 Maryland 

801 
 Towers at Portside Urban Renewal Company, L.L.C. 
 
 New Jersey 

802 
 Vinings Club at Metrowest Limited Partnership 
 
 Texas 

803 
 Vista Montana Park Homes LLC 
 
 Delaware 

804 
 Wadlington Investments General Partnership 
 
 Illinois 

805 
 Wadlington, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 

806 
 Waterfield Square Associates, L.P. 
 
 California 

807 
 Waterfield Square I G.P. Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

808 
 Waterfield Square II G.P. Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

809 
 Wellsford Warwick Corp. 
 
 Colorado 

810 
 Westchester at Town Center (Borrower) GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

811 
 Westchester at Town Center (Borrower) LP 
 
 Delaware 

812 
 Westchester at Town Center GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

813 
 Westchester at Town Center LP 
 
 Delaware 

814 
 Western Hill Condominium Association 
 
 Washington 

815 
 WHRP, Inc. 
 
 Maryland 

816 
 Willow Creek Community Rentals, L.P. 
 
 California 

817 
 Willow Creek G.P. Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

818 
 Wisconsin Place Residential LLC 
 
 Delaware 

819 
 Woodbine Properties 
 
 Missouri 

820 
 WP Project Developer LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 eqr-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 (1) Registration Statements (Forms S-3 No. 333-265017, No. 333-199036, No. 333-204573, No. 333-178040, No. 333-175242, No. 333-151588, No. 333-142723, No. 333-141261, No. 333-135503, No. 333-100631, No. 333-63176, No. 333-80835, No. 333-72961, No. 333-12983, No. 333-06873, No. 33-97680, and No. 33-84974) of Equity Residential, 

(2) Registration Statements (Forms S-4 No. 333-44576-01 and No. 333-35873) of Equity Residential, 

(3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-107244) pertaining to the 1996 Non-Qualified Employee Share Purchase Plan of Equity Residential, 

(4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-175173) pertaining to the 2011 Share Incentive Plan of Equity Residential, and 

(5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-232630) pertaining to the 2019 Share Incentive Plan of Equity Residential; 

of our reports dated February 15, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Equity Residential and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Equity Residential included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Equity Residential for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

/s/ ERNST YOUNG LLP 

ERNST YOUNG LLP 

Chicago, Illinois 

February 15, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 6
 eqr-ex23_2.htm
 EX-23.2

EX-23.2 

Exhibit 23.2 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-265017-01) of ERP Operating Limited Partnership, 

(2) Registration Statements (Forms S-4 No. 333-44576 and No. 333-36053) of ERP Operating Limited Partnership; 

of our reports dated February 15, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of ERP Operating Limited Partnership and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of ERP Operating Limited Partnership included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of ERP Operating Limited Partnership for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

/s/ ERNST YOUNG LLP 

ERNST YOUNG LLP 

Chicago, Illinois 

February 15, 2024 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 eqr-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Equity Residential 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Mark J. Parrell, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Equity Residential; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 15, 2024 

/s/ Mark J. Parrell 

Mark J. Parrell 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 eqr-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Equity Residential 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Robert A. Garechana, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Equity Residential; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 15, 2024 

/s/ Robert A. Garechana 

Robert A. Garechana 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 9
 eqr-ex31_3.htm
 EX-31.3

EX-31.3 

Exhibit 31.3 
 ERP Operating Limited Partnership 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Mark J. Parrell, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ERP Operating Limited Partnership; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 15, 2024 

/s/ Mark J. Parrell 

Mark J. Parrell 

Chief Executive Officer of Registrant s General Partner 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 10
 eqr-ex31_4.htm
 EX-31.4

EX-31.4 

Exhibit 31.4 
 ERP Operating Limited Partnership 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Robert A. Garechana, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ERP Operating Limited Partnership; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 15, 2024 

/s/ Robert A. Garechana 

Robert A. Garechana 

Chief Financial Officer of Registrant s General Partner 

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 eqr-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Equity Residential 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Equity Residential (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark J. Parrell, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Mark J. Parrell 

Mark J. Parrell 

Chief Executive Officer February 15, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 eqr-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Equity Residential 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Equity Residential (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robert A. Garechana, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Robert A. Garechana 

Robert A. Garechana 

Chief Financial Officer February 15, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 13
 eqr-ex32_3.htm
 EX-32.3

EX-32.3 

Exhibit 32.3 
 ERP Operating Limited Partnership 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of ERP Operating Limited Partnership (the Operating Partnership on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark J. Parrell, Chief Executive Officer of Equity Residential, general partner of the Operating Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Operating Partnership. 

/s/ Mark J. Parrell 

Mark J. Parrell 

Chief Executive Officer of Registrant s General Partner February 15, 2024 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-32.4>
 14
 eqr-ex32_4.htm
 EX-32.4

EX-32.4 

Exhibit 32.4 
 ERP Operating Limited Partnership 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of ERP Operating Limited Partnership (the Operating Partnership on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robert A. Garechana, Chief Financial Officer of Equity Residential, general partner of the Operating Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Operating Partnership. 

/s/ Robert A. Garechana 

Robert A. Garechana 

Chief Financial Officer of Registrant's General Partner February 15, 2024 

</EX-32.4>

<EX-97>
 15
 eqr-ex97.htm
 EX-97

EX-97 

Exhibit 97 
 EQUITY RESIDENTIAL 
 ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
 INCENTIVE-BASED COMPENSATION CLAWBACK POLICY 
 (effective October 2, 2023) 
 If Equity Residential or ERP Operating Limited Partnership (collectively, the Company determines it must prepare a restatement, the Company will seek to recover the amount of erroneously awarded compensation received by a covered officer, as provided below. 
 For purposes of this policy, the term (i) restatement means an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the U.S. federal securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements (commonly referred to as Big R restatements), or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (commonly referred to as little r restatements); (ii) incentive-based compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a financial reporting measure, including any proceeds realized from the sale of Company securities that were acquired upon the attainment of a financial reporting measure; (iii) financial reporting measure means any measure that is determined and presented in accordance with, or derived wholly or in part from, the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, as well as stock price and total shareholder return; (iv) erroneously awarded compensation means the amount of incentive-based compensation received by a covered officer during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which the Company was required to prepare the restatement, that exceeds the amount of incentive-based compensation that otherwise would have been received had the amount been determined based on the restatement, computed without regard to any taxes paid; and (v) the term covered officer means a current or former officer of the Company as defined in Rule 16a-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 The Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Company s Board of Trustees shall have full and final authority to make all determinations under this policy, including as to the amount and form of recovery. The Committee must seek to recover from a covered officer all erroneously awarded compensation unless the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this policy would exceed the recoverable amount, or applicable exchange listing standards otherwise do not require recovery. For incentive-based compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of erroneously awarded compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the restatement, the Committee may determine a reasonable estimate of the effect of the restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return. The Committee may determine that the form of recovery is to offset the recovery amount against other compensation (including through the cancellation of equity awards). In addition, the Committee may, to the extent permitted by law, take other remedial and recovery action, as determined by the Committee. The Committee may cause the Company to take such action as it deems necessary or appropriate to implement this policy. 
 This policy is intended to comply with Section 10D of the Exchange Act, Rule 10D-1 thereunder, and the applicable rules of any national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed, and this policy will be interpreted and administered consistently with that intent. 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 eqr-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

