<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240228_10-K_edgar_data_1345122_0001345126-24-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21955597</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>708047</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3379345</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8562603</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4658552</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4242982</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001345126-24-000016.hdr.sgml : 20240228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240228163211
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001345126-24-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		134
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Compass Diversified Holdings
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001345126
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE [2510]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				576218917
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34927
		FILM NUMBER:		24696013

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 RIVERSIDE AVENUE
		CITY:			WESTPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06880
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-221-1703

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 RIVERSIDE AVENUE
		CITY:			WESTPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06880

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Compass Diversified Trust
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001345122
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	APPAREL & OTHER FINISHED PRODS OF FABRICS & SIMILAR MATERIAL [2300]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				203812051
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34926
		FILM NUMBER:		24696014

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 RIVERSIDE AVENUE
		CITY:			WESTPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06880
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-221-1703

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 RIVERSIDE AVENUE
		CITY:			WESTPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06880

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001345126-24-000016.txt : 20240228

10-K
 1
 codi-20231231.htm
 10-K

codi-20231231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 Commission File Number: 001-34926 
 
 Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 Delaware 20-3812051 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive office) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrants telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrants are collectively a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrants are collectively not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrants have submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrants were required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrants are collectively a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrants have elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrants are collectively a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the outstanding common shares of trust stock held by non-affiliates of Compass Diversified Holdings at June 30, 2023 was based on the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange on that date. For purposes of the foregoing calculation only, all directors and officers of the registrant have been deemed affiliates. There were com mon shares of trust stock without par value outstanding at February 24, 2024. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Table of Contents 
 Page PART I Item 1. Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 61 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 72 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 73 
 Item 2. Properties 
 73 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 76 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 77 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 78 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 80 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 81 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 127 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 128 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 129 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 130 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 130 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 130 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 131 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 131 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 131 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 131 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 131 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 132 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 136 

NOTE TO READER 
 In reading this Annual Report on Form 10-K, references to: 
 the Trust and Holdings refer to Compass Diversified Holdings; 
 the LLC refer to Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC; 
 the "Company" refer to Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, collectively; 
 businesses , operating segments , subsidiaries and reporting units all refer to, collectively, the businesses controlled by the Company; 
 the Manager refer to Compass Group Management LLC CGM 
 the "Trust Agreement" refer to the Third Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of the Trust dated as of August 3, 2021; 
 the "2022 Credit Facility" refers to the third amended and restated credit agreement entered into on July 12, 2022 among the LLC, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and letter of credit issuer (the "agent") 
 the "2022 Revolving Credit Facility" refers to the 600 million in revolving loans, swing line loans and letters of credit provided by the 2022 Credit Facility that matures in 2027; 
 the "2022 Term Loan" refer to the 400 million term loan provided by the 2022 Credit Facility; 
 the "2021 Credit Facility" refer to the second amended and restated credit agreement entered into on March 23, 2021 among the Company, the Lenders from time to time party thereto (the "Lenders"), Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer (the "agent") and other agents party thereto; 
 the "2021 Revolving Credit Facility" refers to the 600 million in revolving loans, swing line loans and letters of credit provided by the 2021 Credit Facility that matures in 2026; 
 the "LLC Agreement" refer to the Sixth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of the Company dated as of August 3, 2021, as further amended; and 
 "we," "us" and "our" refer to the Trust, the Company and the businesses together. 

Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Disclosure 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, but not limited to, the sections entitled Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business, contains forward-looking statements. We may, in some cases, use words such as "project," "predict," "believe," "anticipate," "plan," "expect," "estimate," "intend," "should," "would," "could," "potentially," "may," or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical or current fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws . Forward looking statements include, among other things, (i) statements as to our future performance or liquidity, such as expectations for our results of operation, net income, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted earnings, and ability to make quarterly distributions and (ii) our plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, including our business outlook and planned capital expenditures. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control, including, among other things: 
 changes in general economic, political or business conditions or economic, political or demographic trends in the United States and other countries in which we have a presence, including changes in interest rates and inflation; 
 disruption in the global supply chain, labor shortages and high labor costs; 
 difficulties and delays in integrating, or business disruptions following, acquisitions or an inability to fully realize cost savings and other benefit related thereto; 
 our ability to successfully operate our subsidiary businesses on a combined basis, and to effectively integrate and improve future acquisitions; 
 our ability to maintain our credit facilities or incur additional borrowings on terms we deem attractive; 
 our ability to remove CGM and CGM s right to resign; 
 our organizational structure, which may limit our ability to meet our dividend and distribution policy; 
 our ability to service and comply with the terms of our indebtedness; 
 our ability to make distributions in the future to our shareholders; 
 our ability to pay the management fee and profit allocation if and when due; 
 our ability to make and finance future acquisitions; 
 our ability to implement our acquisition and management strategies; 
 the legal and regulatory environment in which our subsidiaries operate; 
 trends in the industries in which our subsidiaries operate; 
 future changes in laws or regulations (including the interpretation of these laws and regulations by regulatory authorities); 
 risks associated with possible disruption in operations or the economy generally due to terrorism or natural disaster or social, civil or political unrest; 
 environmental risks affecting the business or operations of our subsidiaries; 
 our and CGM s ability to retain or replace qualified employees of our subsidiaries and CGM; 
 the impact of the tax reclassifications of the Trust; 
 costs and effects of legal and administrative proceedings, settlements, investigations and claims; and 
 extraordinary or force majeure events affecting the business or operations of our subsidiary businesses. 
 Our actual results, performance, prospects or opportunities could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements. A description of some of the risks that could cause our actual results to differ appears under the section Risk Factors . Additional risks of which we are not currently aware or which we currently deem immaterial could also cause our actual results to differ. 
 In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur. For all of these forward-looking statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Annual Report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 
 5 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Compass Diversified Holdings, a Delaware statutory trust Holdings , or the Trust ), was incorporated in Delaware on November 18, 2005. Compass Group Diversified Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the LLC ), was also formed on November 18, 2005. The Trust and the LLC (collectively, the Company were formed to acquire and manage a group of small and middle-market businesses headquartered in North America. The Trust is the sole owner of 100 of the Trust Interests, as defined in our LLC Agreement, of the LLC. Pursuant to the LLC Agreement, the Trust owns an identical number of Trust Interests in the LLC as exist for the number of outstanding shares of the Trust. 
 The Trust was previously treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes but elected, effective September 1, 2021, to be taxed as an association taxable as a corporation. Following this tax election, Trust shareholders should generally only be subject to taxation from holding Trust shares in connection with disposition of Trust shares and receipt of taxable dividends from the Trust. Trust shareholders subject to tax rules regarding unrelated business taxable income (or UBTI will no longer be allocated UBTI from the Trust. 
 The LLC is the operating entity with a board of directors whose corporate governance responsibilities are similar to that of a Delaware corporation. The LLC s board of directors oversees the management of the Company and our businesses and the performance of Compass Group Management LLC CGM or our Manager ). Certain persons who are employees and partners of our Manager receive a profit allocation as beneficial owners (through Sostratus LLC) of of the Allocation Interests, as defined in our LLC Agreement. 
 
 Overview 
 We acquire controlling interests in and actively manage businesses that we believe (i) operate in industries with long-term macroeconomic growth opportunities, (ii) have positive and stable cash flows, (iii) face minimal threats of technological or competitive obsolescence, and (iv) have strong management teams largely in place. We offer investors a unique opportunity to own a diverse group of leading middle-market businesses in the branded-consumer and industrial sectors. 
 Our disciplined approach to our target markets provides opportunities to methodically purchase attractive businesses at values that are accretive to our shareholders. For sellers of businesses, our unique financial structure allows us to acquire businesses efficiently with little or no third party financing contingencies and, following acquisition, to provide our businesses with substantial access to growth capital. In addition, our permanent capital model and ample liquidity allows us to acquire businesses at any point across economic cycles, ensuring that we are able to act quickly when the opportunity presents itself to do so and that we re not paralyzed when markets are volatile. 
 We believe that private company operators and corporate parents looking to sell their business units may consider us an attractive purchaser because of our ability to: 
 provide ongoing strategic and financial support for their businesses, including professionalization of our subsidiaries at scale; 
 maintain a long-term outlook as to the ownership of those businesses; 
 sustainably invest in growth capital and/or add-on acquisitions where appropriate; and 
 consummate transactions efficiently without being dependent on third-party transaction financing. 
 In particular, we believe that our outlook on length of ownership and active management on our part may alleviate the concern that many private company operators and parent companies may have with regard to their businesses going through multiple sale processes in a short period of time. We believe this outlook enhances our ability to develop a comprehensive strategy to grow the earnings and cash flows of each of our businesses. 
 Finally, it has been our experience, that our ability to acquire businesses without the cumbersome delays and conditions typical of third party transactional financing is appealing to sellers of businesses who are interested in confidentiality, speed and certainty to close. 
 We believe our management team s strong relationships with industry executives, accountants, attorneys, business brokers, commercial and investment bankers, and other potential sources of acquisition opportunities offer us substantial opportunities to assess small to middle market businesses available for acquisition. In addition, the 
 6 

flexibility, creativity, experience and expertise of our management team in structuring transactions allows us to consider non-traditional and complex transactions tailored to fit a specific acquisition target. 
 In terms of the businesses in which we have a controlling interest as of December 31, 2023, we believe that these businesses have strong management teams, operate in strong markets with defensible market niches, and maintain long-standing customer relationships. 
 We categorize the businesses we own into two separate groups (i) branded consumer businesses and, (ii) industrial businesses. Branded consumer businesses are those businesses that we believe capitalize on a valuable brand name in their respective market sector. We believe that our branded consumer businesses are leaders in their particular product categories. Industrial businesses are those businesses that focus on manufacturing and selling products and industrial services within a specific market sector. We believe that our industrial businesses are leaders in their specific market sectors. In 2022, we announced that we will consider potential acquisitions in a third industry category - healthcare. Healthcare has multiple attractive, high-growth sectors with strong barriers to entry and advantageous demographic trends. 
 The following is a brief summary of the businesses in which we own a controlling interest at December 31, 2023: 
 Branded Consumer Businesses 
 
 5.11 
 5.11 ABR Corp. ("5.11") is a leading provider of purpose-built technical apparel and gear for law enforcement, firefighters, EMS, and military special operations as well as outdoor and adventure enthusiasts. 5.11 is a brand known for innovation and authenticity, and works directly with end users to create purpose-built apparel, footwear and gear designed to enhance the safety, accuracy, speed and performance of tactical professionals and enthusiasts worldwide. Headquartered in Costa Mesa, California, 5.11 operates sales offices and distribution centers globally, and 5.11 products are widely distributed in uniform stores, military exchanges, outdoor retail stores, its own retail stores and on 511tactical.com. We made loans to and purchased a controlling interest in 5.11 for approximately 408.2 million in August 2016. We currently own 97.2 of the outstanding stock of 5.11 on a primary basis and 88.9 on a fully diluted basis. 
 BOA 
 BOA Holdings Inc. ("BOA") creator of the revolutionary, award-winning, patented BOA Fit System, partners with market-leading brands to make the best gear even better. Delivering fit solutions purpose-built for performance, the BOA Fit System is featured in footwear across snow sports, cycling, outdoor, athletic, workwear as well as performance headwear and bracing. The system consists of three integral parts: a micro-adjustable dial, high-tensile lightweight laces, and low friction lace guides creating a superior alternative to laces, buckles, Velcro, and other traditional closure mechanisms. Each unique BOA configuration is designed with brand partners to deliver superior fit and performance for athletes, is engineered to perform in the toughest conditions and is backed by The BOA Lifetime Guarantee. BOA is headquartered in Denver, Colorado and has offices in Austria, Greater China, South Korea, and Japan. We made loans to, and acquired a controlling interest in, BOA on October 16, 2020 for approximately 456.8 million . We currently own 91.8 of the outstanding stock of BOA on a primary basis and 83.2 on a fully diluted basis. 
 Ergobaby 
 Ergobaby Carrier, Inc. Ergobaby ), headquartered in Torrance, California, is a designer, marketer and distributer of wearable baby carriers and accessories, blankets and swaddlers, nursing pillows, strollers, bouncers and related products. Ergobaby primarily sells its Ergobaby and Baby Tula branded products through brick-and-mortar retailers, national chain stores, online retailers, its own websites and distributors and derives more than 50 of its sales from outside of the United States. We made loans to, and purchased a controlling interest in, Ergobaby on September 16, 2010 for approximately 85.2 million. We currently own 81.6 of the outstanding stock of Ergobaby on a primary basis and 72.8 on a fully diluted basis. 
 Lugano 
 Lugano Holdings, Inc. ("Lugano Diamonds" or "Lugano"), is a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of high-end, one-of-a-kind jewelry sought after by some of the world s most discerning clientele. Lugano conducts sales via its own retail salons as well as pop-up showrooms at Lugano-hosted or sponsored events in partnership with 
 7 

influential organizations in the equestrian, art and philanthropic community. Lugano is headquartered in Newport Beach, California. We made loans to, and purchased a controlling interest in, Lugano on September 3, 2021 for approximately 265.1 million. We currently own 59.9 of the outstanding stock of Lugano on a primary basis and 55.5 on a fully diluted basis. 
 PrimaLoft 
 PrimaLoft Technologies Holdings, Inc. ("PrimaLoft") is a leading provider of branded, high-performance synthetic insulation and materials used primarily in consumer outerwear, and accessories. The portfolio of PrimaLoft synthetic insulations offers products that can both mimic natural down aesthetics and provide the freedom to design garments ranging from stylish puffers to lightweight performance apparel. PrimaLoft insulations also offer superior economics to the brand partner and enable better sustainability characteristics through the use of recycled, low-carbon inputs. We made loans to, and purchased a controlling interest in, PrimaLoft on July 12, 2022 for approximate ly 541.1 million. PrimaLoft is headquartered in Latham, New York. We currently own 90.7 of the outstanding stock of PrimaLoft on a primary basis and 83.1 on a fully diluted basis. 
 Velocity Outdoor 
 Velocity Outdoor Inc. ("Velocity Outdoor" or "Velocity") is a leading designer, manufacturer, and marketer of airguns, archery products, laser aiming devices, hunting apparel and related accessories. Velocity Outdoor offers its products under the Crosman, Benjamin, LaserMax, Ravin, CenterPoint and King's Camo brands that are available through national retail chains, mass merchants, dealer and distributor networks. The airgun product category consists of air rifles, air pistols and a range of accessories including targets, holsters and cases. Velocity Outdoor's other primary product categories are archery, with products including CenterPoint and Ravin crossbows, consumables, which includes steel and plastic BBs, lead pellets and CO2 cartridges, lasers for firearms, and airsoft products. The apparel category offers high-performance, feature rich hunting and casual apparel utilizing King s own proprietary camo patterns. We made loans to, and purchased a controlling interest in, Velocity Outdoor on June 2, 2017 for approximately 150.4 million. In September 2018, Velocity acquired Ravin Crossbows, LLC ("Ravin" or "Ravin Crossbows"), a manufacturer and innovator of crossbows and accessories. Ravin primarily focuses on the higher-end segment of the crossbow market and has developed significant intellectual property related to the advancement of crossbow technology. In July 2022, Velocity acquired Kings Camo LLC which designs and sells hunting and casual apparel utilizing King s own proprietary camouflage patterns. Velocity Outdoor is headquartered in Bloomfield, New York. We currently own 99.4 of the outstanding stock of Velocity Outdoor on a primary basis and 87.7 on a fully diluted basis. 
 Industrial Businesses 
 Altor Solutions 
 FFI Compass, Inc. ("Altor Solutions" or "Altor") (formerly "Foam Fabricators"), headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona, is a designer and manufacturer of custom molded protective foam solutions and OEM components made from expanded polystyrene (EPS) and other expanded polymers. Altor provides products to a variety of end-markets, including appliances and electronics, pharmaceuticals, health and w ellness, automotive, building products and others. Altor s molded foam solutions offer shock and vibration protection, surface protection, temperature control, resistance to water absorption and vapor transmission and other protective properties critical for shipping small, delicate items, heavy equipment or temperature-sensitive goods . Altor operates 15 molding and fabricating facilities across North America, creating a geographic footprint of strategically located manufacturing plants to efficiently serve national customer accounts. We acquired Altor on February 15, 2018 for a purchase price of approximately 253.4 million. We currently own 99.3 of the outstanding stock of Altor on a primary basis and 89.8 on a fully diluted basis. 
 Arnold 
 AMT Acquisition Corp. ("Arnold") serves a variety of markets including aerospace and defense, general industrial, motorsport/ automotive, oil and gas, medical, energy, reprographics and advertising specialties. Over the course of more than 100 years, Arnold has successfully evolved and adapted its products, technologies, and manufacturing presence to meet the demands of current and emerging markets. Arnold engineers solutions for and produces high performance permanent magnets (PMAG), stators, rotors and full electric motors ("Ramco"), precision foil products (Precision Thin Metals or "PTM"), and flexible magnets (Flexmag that are mission critical in motors, generators, 
 8 

sensors and other systems and components. Arnold has expanded globally and built strong relationships with its customers worldwide. Arnold is the largest and, we believe, the most technically advanced U.S. manufacturer of engineered magnetic systems. Arnold is headquartered in Rochester, New York. We made loans to, and purchased a controlling interest in, Arnold on March 5, 2012 for approximately 128.8 million. We currently own 98.0 of the outstanding stock of Arnold on a primary basis and 85.5 on a fully diluted basis. 
 Sterno 
 SternoCandleLamp Holdings, Inc. ("Sterno"), headquartered in Plano, Texas, is the parent company of Sterno Products, LLC ("Sterno Produ cts") and Rimports, LLC ("Rimports"). Sterno is a leading manufacturer and marketer of portable food warming systems, creative indoor and outdoor lighting, and home fragrance solutions for the consumer markets. Sterno also manufactures creative indoor and outdoor lighting and home fragrance solutions for consumer markets. Sterno offers a broad range of wick and gel chafing systems, butane stoves and accessories, liquid and traditional wax candles, catering equipment and lamps through Sterno Products, as well as scented wax cubes, warmer products, outdoor lighting and essential oils used for home decor and fragrance systems, through Rimports.We made loans to, and purchased all of the equity interests in, Sterno on October 10, 2014 for approximately 160.0 million. Sterno offers a broad range of wick and gel chafing fuels, butane stoves and accessories, liquid and traditional wax candles, catering equipment and lamps through their Sterno Products divisio n. In Fe bruary 2018, Sterno acquired Rimports, a manufacturer and distributor of branded and private label scented wax cubes and warmer products used for home decor and fragrance systems. We currently own 99.4 of the outstanding stock of Sterno on a primary basis and 87.6 on a fully diluted basis. 
 Our businesses also represent our operating segments. See Our Businesses and Note F Operating Segment Data to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of our businesses as our operating segments, including information related to geographies. 
 2023 Distributions 
 Common shares - For the 2023 fiscal year we declared distributions to our common shareholders totaling 1.00 per share. 
 Preferred shares - For the 2023 fiscal year we declared distributions to our preferred shareholders totaling 1.8125 per share on our Series A Preferred Shares, 1.96875 per share on our Series B Preferred Shares and 1.96875 per share on our Series C Preferred Shares. 
 Tax Reporting 
 On August 3, 2021, the shareholders of CODI approved amendments to the Second Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of the Trust and the Fifth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of the Company to allow the Company s Board of Directors (the Board to cause the Trust to elect to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes (the tax reclassification and, at its discretion in the future, cause the Trust to be converted to a corporation. Following the shareholder vote, the Board resolved to cause the Trust to elect to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Trust was taxed as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes since January 1, 2007 and until the tax reclassification became effective on September 1, 2021. 
 The Trust will be treated as a corporation for any taxable period beginning on or after the tax reclassification. Income, gain, loss, deduction and credit from the Trust will no longer be passed through to the Trust shareholders. The Trust issued its final Schedule K-1s for the taxable period beginning January 1, 2021 and ending August 31, 2021, the last day on which the Trust was treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Trust will be required to file Form 1120, U.S. Corporation Income Tax Return on an annual basis and for all taxable periods beginning on or after the tax reclassification. In addition, distribution with respect to Trust shares (including Trust preferred shares) will now be reported on Form 1099-DIV, instead of on Schedule K-1. 
 WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC" or the "Commission"), including Forms S-1 and S-3 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), which include exhibits, schedules and amendments to those reports, as well as other filings required by the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site 
 9 

that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. In addition, copies of such reports, and amendments thereto, are available free of charge through our website at http://www.ir.compassequity.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 
 
 Organizational Structure (1) 
 
 1) The percentage holdings shown in respect to the trust reflect the ownership of the Trust common shares as of December 31, 2023, and the subsidiaries owned by the Company are as of December 31, 2023. On January 31, 2024, the Company acquired The Honey Pot Co, which is not reflected in the above organizational structure. 2) Path Spirit Limited is the ultimate controlling person of CGI Holdings Maygar LLC. CGI Maygar Holdings, LLC owns approximately 10.6 of the Trust common shares and is our single largest holder. Our non-affiliated holders of common shares own approximately 87.5 of the Trust common shares. The remaining 1.9 of Trust common shares are owned by our Directors and Officers. Mr. Sabo, our Chief Executive Officer, is not a director, officer or member of CGI Maygar Holdings, LLC or any of its affiliates. 3) 63.0 beneficially owned by certain persons who are employees and partners of our Manager. A former member of our Board of Directors, and the former founding partners of the Manager, are non-managing members. 
 4) Mr. Sabo is a partner of this entity. The Manager owns less than 1.0 of the common shares of the Trust. 5) The Allocation Interests, which carry the right to receive a profit allocation, represent less than 0.1 equity interest in the Company. 
 
 10 

Our Manager 
 Our Manager, CGM, has been engaged to manage the day-to-day operations and affairs of the Company and to execute our strategy, as discussed below. Collectively, our management team has extensive experience in acquiring and managing small and middle market businesses. We believe our Manager is unique in the marketplace in terms of the success and experience of its employees in acquiring and managing diverse businesses of the size and general nature of our businesses. We believe this experience will provide us with an advantage in executing our overall strategy. Our management team devotes substantially all of its time to the affairs of the Company. 
 We have entered into a management services agreement, (the Management Services Agreement or MSA pursuant to which our Manager manages the day-to-day operations and affairs of the Company and oversees the management and operations of our businesses. We pay our Manager a quarterly management fee for the services it performs on our behalf. In addition, certain persons who are employees and partners of our Manager receive a profit allocation with respect to its Allocation Interests in us. All of the Allocation Interests in us are owned by Sostratus LLC. Payment of profit allocations to Sostratus LLC can occur for each of our subsidiaries during the -day period following the fifth anniversary of the date upon which we acquired a controlling interest in that business (a "Holding Event") to the extent contribution based profit has been earned, and upon the sale of a subsidiary from which there is a realizable gain (a "Sale Event"). See Part III, Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence for further descriptions of the management fees and profit allocations. 
 The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are employees of our Manager and have been seconded to us. Neither the Trust nor the LLC has any other employees. Although our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are employees of our Manager, they report directly to the LLC s board of directors. The management fee paid to our Manager covers all expenses related to the services performed by our Manager, including the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and other personnel providing services to us. The LLC reimburses our Manager for the compensation and related costs and expenses of our Chief Financial Officer and his staff, who dedicate substantially all of their time to the affairs of the Company. 
 See Part III, Item 13, Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence . 
 Market Opportunity 
 We acquire and actively manage small and middle market businesses. We characterize small to middle market businesses as those that generate annual cash flows of up to 100 million per year. We believe that the acquisition market for these businesses is highly fragmented and often provides opportunities to purchase at more attractive prices and achieve better outcomes for our shareholders. We believe this is driven by the following factors: 
 third-party financing for these acquisitions is often less available or terms are less favorable for the borrower; 
 sellers of these businesses frequently consider non-economic factors, such as legacy or the effect of the sale on their employees; 
 these businesses are more likely to be sold outside of an auction process or as part of a limited process; and 
 "add-on" acquisitions can often be completed at attractive multiples of cash flow. 
 Frequently, opportunities exist to support and augment existing management at such businesses and improve the performance of these businesses upon their acquisition through active management. We are business builders rather than asset traders. In the past, our management team has acquired businesses that were owned by entrepreneurs or large corporate parents. In these cases, our management team has frequently found opportunities to profitably invest in areas of the acquired businesses beyond levels that existed at the time of acquisition. In addition, our management team has frequently found that processes such as financial reporting and management information systems of acquired businesses may be improved, leading to improvements in reporting and operations and ultimately earnings and cash flow. Finally, our management team often acts as a business development arm for our businesses to pursue organic or external growth strategies that may not have been pursued by their previous owners. 
 11 

Our Strategy 
 CODI s permanent capital structure enables us to invest in people, processes, culture, and growth opportunities that drive transformational change. We have two primary strategies that we use to support long-term value creation. First, we focus on growing the earnings and cash flow from our acquired subsidiary businesses and help them professionalize at scale. We believe that the scale and scope of our businesses give us a diverse base of cash flow upon which to further build. Second, we identify, perform due diligence on, negotiate and consummate additional platform acquisitions of small to middle market businesses in attractive industry sectors in accordance with acquisition criteria established by the board of directors. 
 Management Strategy 
 Our management strategy involves the proactive financial and operational management of the subsidiaries we own in order to increase cash flows and shareholder value. Our Manager actively oversees and supports the management teams of each of our subsidiaries by, among other things: 
 recruiting and retaining talented managers to operate our businesses using structured incentive compensation programs, including non-controlling equity ownership, tailored to each business; 
 regularly monitoring financial and operational performance, instilling consistent financial discipline, and supporting management in the development and implementation of information systems to effectively achieve these goals; 
 identifying and aligning with external policy and performance tailwinds such as those influenced by growing climate, health, and social justice concerns (and similar environmental, social and governance ("ESG") drivers); 
 assisting management in their analysis and pursuit of prudent organic growth strategies; 
 identifying and working with management to execute attractive external growth and acquisition opportunities; 
 assisting management in controlling and right-sizing overhead costs; 
 nurturing an internal culture of transparency, alignment, accountability and governance, including regular reporting; 
 professionalizing our subsidiaries at scale; and 
 forming strong subsidiary level boards of directors to supplement management in their development and implementation of strategic goals and objectives. 
 Specifically, while our businesses have different growth opportunities and potential rates of growth, we expect our Manager to work with the management teams of each of our businesses to increase the value of, and cash generated by, each business through various initiatives, including: 
 making selective capital investments to expand geographic reach, increase capacity, or reduce manufacturing costs of our businesses; 
 investing in product research and development for new products, processes or services for customers; 
 improving and expanding existing sales and marketing programs; 
 pursuing reductions in operating costs through improved operational efficiency or outsourcing of certain processes and products; and 
 consolidating or improving management of certain overhead functions. 
 Our businesses typically acquire and integrate complementary businesses. We believe that complementary add-on acquisitions improve our overall financial and operational performance by allowing us to: 
 leverage manufacturing and distribution operations; 
 leverage branding and marketing programs, as well as customer relationships; 
 add experienced management or management expertise; 
 increase market share and penetrate new markets; and 
 realize cost synergies by allocating the corporate overhead expenses of our businesses across a larger number of businesses and by implementing and coordinating improved management practices. 
 12 

Acquisition Strategy 
 Our acquisition strategy is to acquire businesses that we expect to produce stable and growing earnings and cash flow. In this respect, we expect to make platform acquisitions in industries other than those in which our businesses currently operate if we believe an acquisition presents an attractive opportunity. We believe that attractive opportunities will continue to present themselves, as private sector owners seek to monetize their interests in long-standing and privately-held businesses and large corporate parents seek to dispose of their non-core operations. 
 Our ideal acquisition candidate has the following characteristics: 
 is a leading branded consumer, industrial or healthcare company headquartered in North America; 
 maintains highly defensible position in the markets it serves and with customers; 
 operates in an industry with favorable long-term macroeconomic trends; 
 has a strong management team, either currently in place or previously identified, and meaningful incentives; 
 has low technological and/or product obsolescence risk; and 
 maintains a diversified customer and supplier base. 
 In 2022, we announced that we will consider potential acquisitions in a third industry category - healthcare. Healthcare has multiple attractive, high-growth sectors with strong barriers to entry and advantageous demographic trends. We believe acquisitions in the healthcare industry will bring further diversification and earnings stability to our current group of subsidiaries and will have strong alignment with the existing criteria for acquisition candidates. Our Manager hired a head of healthcare who will partner with our existing team to launch our acquisition strategy in the healthcare industry. Although we have not completed an acquisition in the healthcare category, we continue to pursue potential acquisitions and remain excited about the opportunities that exist in the industry. 
 We benefit from our Manager s ability to identify potential diverse acquisition opportunities in a variety of industries. In addition, we rely upon our management team s experience and expertise in researching and valuing prospective target businesses, as well as negotiating the ultimate acquisition of such target businesses. In particular, because there may be a lack of information available about these target businesses, which may make it more difficult to understand or appropriately value such target businesses, on our behalf, our Manager: 
 engages in a substantial level of internal and third-party due diligence; 
 critically evaluates the target management team; 
 identifies and assesses any financial and operational strengths and weaknesses of the target business; 
 analyzes comparable businesses to assess financial and operational performances relative to industry competitors; 
 actively researches and evaluates information on the relevant industry; and 
 thoroughly negotiates appropriate terms and conditions of any acquisition. 
 The process of acquiring new businesses is both time-consuming and complex. Our management team historically has taken from two to twenty-four months to perform due diligence, negotiate and close acquisitions. Although our management team is at various stages of evaluating several transactions at any given time, there may be periods of time during which our management team does not recommend any new acquisitions to us. Even if an acquisition is recommended by our management team, our board of directors may not approve it. 
 A component of our acquisition financing strategy that we utilize in acquiring the businesses we own and manage is to provide both equity capital and debt capital, raised at the parent company level largely through our existing credit facility. We believe, and it has been our experience, that having the ability to finance our acquisitions with capital resources raised by us, rather than negotiating separate third-party financing, provides us with an advantage in successfully acquiring attractive businesses by minimizing delay and closing conditions that are often related to acquisition-specific financings. In addition, our strategy of providing this intercompany debt financing within the capital structure of the businesses we acquire and manage allows us the ability to distribute cash to the parent company through monthly interest payments and amortization of principle on these intercompany loans. 
 Upon acquisition of a new business, we rely on our Manager s experience and expertise to work efficiently and effectively with the management of the new business to jointly develop and execute a successful business plan. 
 13 

Strategic Advantages 
 Based on the experience of our management team and its ability to identify and negotiate acquisitions, we believe we are well-positioned to acquire additional businesses. Our management team has strong relationships with business brokers, investment and commercial bankers, accountants, attorneys and other potential sources of acquisition opportunities. In addition, our management team has a successful track record of acquiring and managing small-to-middle market businesses in various industries. In negotiating these acquisitions, we believe our management team has been able to successfully navigate complex situations surrounding acquisitions, including corporate spin-offs, transitions of family-owned businesses, management buy-outs and reorganizations. 
 Our management team has a large ne twork that we estimate to be approximately 2,000 deal interme diaries who we expect to expose us to potential acquisitions. Through this network, as well as our management team s proprietary transaction sourcing efforts, we have a substantial pipeline of potential acquisition targets. Our management team also has a well-established network of contacts, including professional managers, attorneys, accountants and other third-party consultants and advisors, who may be available to assist us in the performance of due diligence and the negotiation of acquisitions, as well as the management and operation of our acquired businesses. 
 Finally, because we intend to fund acquisitions through the utilization of our 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, we expect to minimize the delays and closing conditions typically associated with transaction specific financing, as is typically the case in such acquisitions. We believe this advantage can be a powerful one, especially in a tight credit environment, and is highly unusual in the marketplace for acquisitions in which we operate. 
 Valuation and Due Diligence 
 When evaluating businesses or assets for acquisition, our management team performs rigorous due diligence and a financial evaluation process including an evaluation of the operations of the target business and the outlook for its industry. While valuation of a business is a subjective process, we define valuations under a variety of analyses, including: 
 discounted cash flow analyses; 
 evaluation of trading values of comparable companies; 
 expected value matrices; and 
 examination of comparable recent transactions. 
 One outcome of this process is a projection of the expected cash flows from the target business. A further outcome is an understanding of the types and levels of risk associated with those projections. While future performance and projections are always uncertain, we believe that with detailed due diligence, future cash flows will be better estimated and the prospects for operating the business in the future better evaluated. To assist us in identifying material risks and validating key assumptions in our financial and operational analysis, in addition to our own analysis, we engage third-party experts to review key risk areas, including legal, tax, regulatory, accounting, insurance and environmental. We also engage technical, operational or industry consultants, as necessary. 
 A further critical component of the evaluation of potential target businesses is the assessment of the capability of the existing management team, including recent performance, expertise, experience, culture and incentives to perform. Where necessary, and consistent with our management strategy, we actively seek to augment, supplement or replace existing members of management who we believe are not likely to execute our business plan for the target business. Similarly, we analyze and evaluate the financial and operational information systems of target businesses and, where necessary, we enhance and improve those existing systems that are deemed to be inadequate or insufficient to support our business plan for the target business. 
 Environmental, Social and Governance 
 In the last few years, companies, investors and policymakers have focused more attention on - and have made investments in - companies that are considered leaders in ESG practices. We believe that ESG engagement can help drive value creation and have incorporated ESG factors into our acquisition analysis and decision making. We believe strong ESG practices can be long-term performance enhancing and enable us to oversee and balance the needs of important stakeholders in doing so. We are committed to maintaining responsible business practices that position our businesses for long-term success. 
 Our long-term responsible approach is also reflected in how we manage ourselves. We have been and remain committed to being a responsible partner to our subsidiaries and are proud stewards of corporate citizenship. 
 14 

Financing 
 We incur third party debt financing almost entirely at the Company level, which we use, in combination with our equity capital, to provide debt financing to each of our businesses and to acquire additional businesses. We believe this financing structure is beneficial to the financial and operational activities of each of our businesses by aligning our interests as both equity holders of, and lenders to, our businesses, in a manner that we believe is more efficient than each of our businesses borrowing from third-party lenders. 
 Debt Financing 
 2022 Credit Facility 
 On July 12, 2022, we entered into the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to amend and restate the 2021 Credit Facility. The 2022 Credit Facility provides for revolving loans, swing line loans and letters of credit (the "2022 Revolving Credit Facility") up to a maximum aggregate amount of 600 million (the "2022 Revolving Loan Commitment") and a 400 million term loan (the 2022 Term Loan ). The 2022 Term Loan requires quarterly payments ranging from 2.5 million to 7.5 million, commencing September 30, 2022, with a final payment of all remaining principal and interest due on July 12, 2027, which is the 2022 Term Loan s maturity date. All amounts outstanding under the 2022 Revolving Line of Credit will become due on July 12, 2027, which is the termination date of the 2022 Revolving Loan Commitment. The 2022 Credit Facility also permits the LLC, prior to the applicable maturity date, to increase the 2022 Revolving Loan Commitment and/or obtain additional term loans in an aggregate amount of up to 250 million, subject to certain restrictions and conditions. On the closing date for the 2022 Credit Facility, the 2022 Term Loan was advanced in full. We used the initial proceeds from the 2022 Credit Facility to pay all amounts outstanding under the 2021 Credit Facility, pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the 2022 Credit Facility and fund the acquisition of PrimaLoft. 
 The 2022 Credit Facility provides for letters of credit under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate face amount not to exceed 100 million outstanding at any time, as well as swing line loans of up to 25 million outstanding at one time. At no time may the (i) aggregate principal amount of all amounts outstanding under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, plus (ii) the aggregate amount of all outstanding letters of credit and swing line loans, exceed the borrowing availability under the 2022 Credit Facility. At December 31, 2023, we had outstanding letters of credit totaling approximately 2.2 million. The borrowing availability under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility at December 31, 2023 was approximately 597.8 million. 
 The 2022 Credit Facility is secured by all of the assets of the Company, including all of its equity interests in, and loans to, its consolidated subsidiaries. (See " Note I - Debt " to the consolidated financial statements for more detail regarding our 2022 Credit Facility). 
 Senior Notes 
 On November 17, 2021, we consummated the issuance and sale of 300 million aggregate principal amount of our 5.000 Notes due 2032 (the "2032 Notes") offered pursuant to a private offering to qualified institutional buyers in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and to non-U.S. persons under Regulation S under the Securities Act. The 2032 Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of November 17, 2021 (the 2032 Notes Indenture ), between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The 2032 Notes bear interest at the rate of 5.000 per annum and will mature on January 15, 2032. Interest on the 2032 Notes is payable in cash on July 15th and January 15th of each year. The 2032 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company and are not guaranteed by our subsidiaries. The proceeds from the sale of the 2032 Notes was used to repay debt outstanding under the 2021 Credit Facility. 
 On March 23, 2021, we consummated the issuance and sale of 1,000 million aggregate principal amount of our 5.250 Notes due 2029 (the "2029 Notes") offered pursuant to a private offering to qualified institutional buyers in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and to non-U.S. persons under Regulation S under the Securities Act. The 2029 Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of March 23, 2021 (the 2029 Notes Indenture ), between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The 2029 Notes bear interest at the rate of 5.250 per annum and will mature on April 15, 2029. Interest on the 2029 Notes is payable in cash on April 15th and October 15th of each year. The 2029 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company and are not guaranteed by our subsidiaries. 
 The proceeds from the sale of the 2029 Notes was used to repay debt outstanding under the 2018 Credit Facility in connection with our entry into the 2021 Credit Facility, and to redeem our 8.000 Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes ). 
 15 

Equity Financing 
 Trust Common Shares 
 The Trust is authorized to issue 500,000,000 Trust common shares and the Company is authorized to issue a corresponding number of LLC interests. The Company will, at all times have an equal amount of LLC interests outstanding as Trust shares. At December 31, 2023, there were 75.3 million Tr ust common shares outstanding. 
 Share repurchase program 
 In January 2023, the Company's Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase, through December 31, 2023, up to 50 million of its outstanding common shares. The Company repurchased 482,400 shares for approximately 9.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2023. The share repurchase program expired on December 31, 2023. 
 Private Placement 
 On December 15, 2023, the Company completed the sale of 3,550,000 common shares to Allspring Special Small Cap Value Fund for consideration per share equal to 21.18 per share, or an aggregate sale price of approximately 75.2 million. In connection with the issuance of the Shares, CODI paid a commission equal to 1 of the aggregate sales price, or approximately 752,000. The issuance of the common shares was private placement to an accredited investor and was exempt from registration under the Securities Act. The sale of the common shares was made pursuant to a subscription agreement pursuant to which the buyer agreed not to dispose of the common shares for a period of six months following the date of the private placement. 
 At-the market program 
 On September 7, 2021, we filed a prospectus supplement pursuant to which we may, but we have no obligation to, issue and sell up to 500 million shares of the common shares of the Trust in amounts and at times to be determined by us. Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by us from time to time, including, market conditions, the trading price of Trust common shares and determinations by us regarding appropriate sources of funding. In connection with this offering, we entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc. B. Riley and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC Goldman pursuant to which we may sell common shares of the Trust having an aggregate offering price of up to 500 million, from time to time through B. Riley and Goldman, acting as sales agents and/or principals. We s old 3,464,844 Tru st common shares during the year ended December 31, 2022 and received net proceeds of approxi mately 84.0 million . We incurred approximate ly 1.5 million in co mmissions payable to the Sales Agents during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2023, there were no sales of Trust common shares under the Sales Agreement as the at-the-market program is not active when the share repurchase program is active. 
 Trust Preferred Shares 
 The Trust is authorized to issue up to 50,000,000 million Trust preferred shares and the Company is authorized to issue a corresponding number of Trust Interests. We issued 4,000,000 7.250 Series A Preferred Shares in 2017, 4,000,000 7.875 Series B Preferred Shares in 2018 and 4,600,000 7.875 Series C Preferred Shares in 2019. 
 We intend to finance future acquisitions through our 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, cash on hand and, if necessary, additional equity and debt financings. We believe, and it has been our experience, that having the ability to finance our acquisitions with the capital resources raised by us, rather than negotiating separate third-party financing specifically related to the acquisition of individual businesses, provides us with an advantage in acquiring attractive businesses by minimizing delay and closing conditions that are often related to acquisition-specific financings. In this respect, we believe that in the future, we may need to pursue additional debt or equity financings, or offer equity in Holdings or target businesses to the sellers of such target businesses, in order to fund multiple future acquisitions. 
 16 

Our Businesses 
 We categorize the businesses we own into two separate groups of businesses (i) branded consumer businesses, and (ii) industrial businesses. Branded consumer businesses are characterized as those businesses that we believe capitalize on a valuable brand name in their respective market sector. We believe that our branded consumer businesses are leaders in their particular product category. Industrial businesses are characterized as those businesses that focus on manufacturing and selling particular products and industrial services within a specific market sector. We believe that our industrial businesses are leaders in their specific market sector. 
 The following table represents the percentage of net revenue and operating income each of our businesses contributed to our consolidated results since the date of acquisition for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, and the total assets of each of our businesses as a percentage of the consolidated total as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Net Revenue Operating Income (loss) (1) 
 Total Assets Year ended December 31, Year ended December 31, Year ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 Branded Consumer: 5.11 25.9 24.2 25.8 27.4 21.4 21.6 14.1 17.2 BOA 7.6 10.4 9.6 16.0 28.4 18.7 13.1 14.3 Ergobaby 4.6 4.4 5.4 2.8 (8.3) 5.0 3.3 3.9 Lugano 15.0 10.0 3.1 58.9 26.0 5.5 18.9 14.4 PrimaLoft 3.3 1.2 n/a (33.5) (6.8) n/a 13.7 17.5 Velocity Outdoor 8.4 11.6 15.7 (19.3) 9.3 21.8 6.2 8.5 64.6 61.8 59.7 52.4 70.0 72.6 69.3 75.8 Industrial: Altor Solutions 11.6 13.0 10.5 20.3 12.1 6.6 8.2 9.7 Arnold Magnetics 8.1 7.7 8.1 12.7 8.2 9.9 4.6 4.8 Sterno 15.7 17.5 21.8 14.6 9.7 10.9 7.3 9.2 35.4 38.2 40.3 47.6 30.0 27.4 20.1 23.7 Corporate (2) 
 10.6 0.5 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 (1) Operating income (loss) reflected is as a percentage of the total contributed by the businesses and does not include expenses incurred at the corporate level. 
 (2) Total assets at corporate at December 31, 2023 primarily consists of cash proceeds related to the sale of our Marucci business in November 2023. 
 
 Branded Consumer Businesses 
 
 5.11 
 Overview 
 5.11 is a global lifestyle brand and innovator of purpose-built technical apparel, footwear and gear for a passionate and loyal group of consumers. 5.11 is a brand of choice for those who demand uncompromising functionality, durability, style and comfort of their gear. 5.11's brand authenticity stems from decades of collaboration with elite first responders and military professionals around the world, innovating to solve their greatest needs in the most mission-critical settings, where failure is not an option. Today, 5.11 continues to design and innovate for these professionals with the added purpose of delivering that unique functional expertise to everyday consumers. Management believes 5.11's large and growing community of everyday consumers associate with the 5.11 brand heritage and authenticity and values 5.11's high-quality product design and functionality. 
 17 

Headquartered in Costa Mesa, California, 5.11 operates sales offices and distribution centers globally. 5.11 products are widely distributed in uniform stores, military exchanges, outdoor retail stores, its own retail stores and through e-commerce channels, including 511tactical.com. 
 History of 5.11 
 5.11's heritage dates back to the 1970 s when 5.11 pants were originally designed by Royal Robbins for elite rock climbers. These climbers wanted durable yet flexible and comfortable pants as they scaled the most extreme rock walls in Yosemite National Park. In the early 1990 s, the same 5.11 pant was adopted by the F.B.I. National Academy and became standard training issue because of its superior design and performance. Trusted by law enforcement and military professionals ever since, 5.11's innovative products have formed the cornerstone of the brand. 5.11 is an outfitter of choice for our heroes who require rugged, functional, durable, and technically-advanced products capable of withstanding harsh conditions without sacrificing comfort. Consumers needs and aspirations fuel 5.11's product innovation engine. 5.11 leveraged this foundation to expand their product expertise to a significantly larger market of underserved lifestyle-oriented consumers who identify with 5.11's brand positioning, appreciate their superior designs and share the "Always Be Ready" ("ABR") mindset. 
 We acquired a majority interest in 5.11 on August 31, 2016. 
 Industry 
 5.11 participates in the global professional and consumer soft goods market for tactical gear and apparel; the addressable global soft goods market was estimated by management to be approximately 79 billion. 5.11 products are designed for use in a wide variety of activities, from professional to recreational and outdoor and indoor, and can be used all year long. As a result, the markets and consumers 5.11 serves are broad and deep. 
 Products, Customers and Distribution 
 Products 
 Product innovation is at the core of 5.11 s heritage and identity. Since its inception, 5.11 has continuously developed and introduced innovative apparel, footwear and gear that are highly functional, technically-advanced and expertly designed setting the industry standard in each product category. 5.11 s product portfolio consists of technical apparel, footwear and gear designed with patented materials and functional features to their customers from head-to-toe. 5.11 s purpose-built products are durable, functional and comfortable. 5.11 serves a community of consumers inspired to live a life bigger than themselves and aligned with the Always Be Ready mindset. 5.11 offers a portfolio of head-to-toe purpose-built gear with patented functional features for both professional and recreational use. 5.11 focuses their product offering across three categories: apparel, footwear and gear. Leveraging in-field testing and design feedback from professional collaborations and in-house design and engineering expertise, 5.11 is able to create high quality products in each of its core segments. Innovating around the material and functional needs of professionals, 5.11 then broadens the application of their technical functionality into a range of consumer products within each category. This evolution of 5.11 s product lines creates tremendous leverage for their purpose-built functionality, allowing 5.11 to benefit from their growing and broad crossover appeal. 5.11 s innovations have not been limited to just apparel and textiles, as 5.11 has also proven their abilities within their footwear and gear categories. 
 Apparel - Apparel represents 5.11 s largest product category at 70 , 69 and 68 , respectively, of net sales for the years ending December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. Within this category, 5.11 offers a broad assortment of men s and women s pants, shorts, shirts, outerwear, polos, and base layers. 5.11 offers apparel in a variety of styles and fits intended to enhance comfort, durability, and utility. 5.11 has historically designed and developed innovative families of products around proprietary fabrics that 5.11 has created to meet the needs of its consumers. These product families typically start with a purpose-built pant and then expand into other products. 
 Pants - for many consumers, 5.11 technical purpose-built pants are the gateway into the 5.11 brand. 5.11 offers a wide range of pants to tackle any mission in a broad range of waist sizes and inseams for men and women. The fit, proprietary or patented fabrics and purpose-built designs deliver high levels of comfort, utility and durability. Among the most popular pants today are Stryke, Taclite, Apex, Fast-Tac and Defender-Flex, which have prices ranging from 58.00 to 95.00. 5.11 offers five distinct pant lines, which anchor five different apparel families. The top selling pants include Taclite, which is built with a lighter and stronger fabric to outperform 5.11's original canvas pant, Stryke, which uses 5.11's patented FlexTac fabric, Apex, 
 18 

which leverages 5.11's Flex-Tac technology, and 5.11's highly durable FastTac all with stain and water-resistant properties, and Defender-Flex, 5.11 s performance denim. 
 Shirts, T-shirts and Polos 5.11 tops are feature rich just like their pants. Patented document pockets, pen pockets, venting for heat, stain resistant, easy care and snag resistance are among some of these key features. Many of the shirts fabrics are lighter versions of 5.11 s patented or proprietary fabrics used in their best-selling pants. Among the most popular shirts today are Taclite, Stryke, and Fast-Tac shirts, which have prices ranging from 50.00 to 101.00. These shirts can be used as uniforms and/or casual wear. 5.11's polos are also well known for their comfort, durability and utility. 5.11 offers them in a range of proprietary fabrics that are highly fade resistant, and among some of the most popular styles are Performance Polo, Professional Polo and Utility Polo, which have price ranges from 50.00 to 63.00. 
 Outerwear - 5.11 offers a wide range of outerwear solutions for on and off the job. Outerwear used on the job offer features not commonly found in lifestyle outerwear such as blood borne pathogen resistance or large areas of reflective materials. Technical system jackets, hard and soft shell as well as fleece pieces are designed to work individually or as a system. Features include innovations such as quick access side zippers and conceal pockets. 5.11 also offers technical survival outerwear systems engineered specifically for missions in extreme conditions. Products include base layers and briefs, pullovers, softshell jackets, wind pants, rain pants and jackets made of advanced fabrics. 
 Gear - Gear re presented 19 , 20 and 21 , re spectively, of 2023, 2022 and 2021 net sales, which includes multi-use backpacks, cases, load-bearing equipment, range bags, duffels, field knives, watches and gloves. 5.11 bags, pouches, and packs provide reliable, multifunctional storage options designed to excel in a wide range of operational and recreational settings. The bag offering meets the critical needs of emergency medical, public safety, and military professionals in the field, outdoor adventure enthusiasts going off the grid, and anyone who needs to maximize space and convenience packing for a weekend getaway. The patented Hexgrid and Gear Set system enhance modularity capabilities, allowing users to have different sets per mission specific needs and attached pouches in 8 directions compared to other systems. 5.11 also offers a wide assortment of complementary accessories including belts, hats, flashlights, gloves, watches, knives and patches. 
 Footwear - Footwear represent ed 10 , 10 and 11 , respectively, of net sales in each of the years ending 2023, 2022 and 2021 and includes a full line of functional boots, low-profile tactical shoes, trainers, and socks. First embraced by 5.11 professional customers through their field boots, 5.11 has developed and tested footwear that stands up to extreme temperatures and weather conditions. 5.11 has evolved into the current lineup of trainers, casual sneakers and oxfords that afford 5.11's consumers the same level of comfort, protection, durability and style they expect from 5.11. 5.11 trainers feature All Terrain Load Assistance System (A.T.L.A.S.) technology, which is built to help 5.11's consumers undergo the most strenuous of workouts. The 5.11 A/T Trainer adds comfort and substantially increased agility, flexibility, and durability to cross training, functional fitness and heavy workouts. 
 Customers and Distribution Channels 
 Management believes the brand s empowering message, innovative product quality, and technically advanced designs appeal to a broad and growing consumer base. Based on the cross-over appeal of its products, 5.11 consumers fall into two core groups, professional Prosumers and Everyday Consumers. The 5.11 community was initially built by Prosumers, which consists of groups such as U.S. military personnel, law enforcement, first responders, and frontline workers, who require unwavering durability and reliability, but also value the design and comfort of the 5.11 products, providing the versatility to wear its products both on and off duty. Over time, 5.11 has expanded its reach into functionally focused Everyday Consumers, who, management believes, are inspired by Prosumers to live a life bigger than themselves and share the always be ready "ABR" mindset. 5.11 products resonate with a diverse group of Prosumers and Consumers, laying the foundation for continued expansion of a loyal and engaged consumer base into the future. 
 Everyday Consumers: A blend of active, challenge-seeking and achievement-oriented gear consumers who thrive on fitness and adventure. Inspired by 5.11 s Prosumers to live a life bigger than themselves with the Always Be Ready mindset, these Everyday Consumers engage in a range of activities from fitness and training, to outdoor experiences such as hunting, hiking and overlanding, and purchase 5.11 products for everyday casual use. They prioritize maintaining high performance and, we believe, recognize that the functional superiority of 5.11 products aligns with their own achievement-oriented goals. They also appreciate the aesthetic and functional design of 5.11 products, which can take them from the comfort of their home to a favorite nearby hike, as well as 5.11 apparel, footwear and gear, which are as dynamic as 
 19 

they are functional. We believe the Everyday Consumers align with 5.11 products price points and superior value proposition. 
 Prosumers: Includes everyone from the most elite U.S. and international military and law enforcement special forces units on the planet to everyday heroes including first responders, frontline workers, and other professionals, both on duty in mission-critical situations and off-duty. Prosumers are devoted to service, on and off-the-clock, and 5.11 endeavors to match their dedication and commitment as it produces superior technical products for every aspect of their lives. 5.11 s unique combination of durability, functional excellence, and comfort allows Prosumers to turn to 5.11 seamlessly across a variety of use-cases, whether on-duty, training, spending a weekend overlanding, backpacking, or camping. Many of the Prosumers are never fully off-duty, making the ability to serve them comfortably and reliably in all aspects of their lives a top priority. 5.11 enables them to Always Be Ready to meet any challenges that cross their path. 
 The strength of the 5.11 business model is the ability to serve the consumer however they prefer to engage while simultaneously reinforcing the 5.11 brand s premium association and authenticity. Rather than taking the traditional channel approach to the business which management believes limits 5.11's potential, 5.11 enters a trade area with an intentional mix of owned stores, Consumer Wholesale, Professional Wholesale, eCommerce and marketplaces. By approaching trade areas in this manner, 5.11 shares inventory between stores and eCommerce and optimizes speed and efficiency with logistics that meet consumers needs wherever they prefer to shop, rather than directing them into a particular channel. We believe this principle of product accessibility and experiential shopping drives brand building and organic lead generation. Though each channel is able to function profitability on an individual basis, the value derived from these channels working in concert is a unique competitive strength 5.11 employs in every market in which it operates. 
 Direct to Consumer - 5.11 s direct-to-consumer ("DTC") channel is comprised of its digital platform, 511tactical.com, its growing network of retail stores as well as its third-party marketplace partners. 5.11 has significantly expanded its DTC mix in the past five years, with DTC now co mprising 45 , 43 and 43 of net sales for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 5.11 s website has grown significantly and drives a significant portion of its online sales. 5.11 also operates company owned retail stores in 35 states, with plans to grow its footprint further. Both the online and company owned retail stores enable 5.11 to maintain direct relationships with consumers, influence the brand experience and better understand shopping preferences and behavior. 
 eCommerce. 5.11 has grown its e-commerce substantially in the last few years, which has been enabled by continued investment in digital infrastructure capabilities, enhanced consumer experience through increased customization and curation, and a growing global supply chain. Since 2017, 5.11 has invested heavily in capabilities to further its e-commerce infrastructure, including a scalable ERP system and new locations that enable more cost effective and timely delivery for its e-commerce orders. 
 Retail. Since 2011, 5.11 has grown to 123 branded and owned retail locations around the U.S. as of December 31, 2023. Its locations provide an opport unity for 5.11 to showcase its diverse product assortment. Retail also provides an opportunity to further engage with consumers through the ABR mindset, with in-person, local community events and educational opportunities that elevate the experiential retail experience. 
 Third-party marketplaces. 5.11 s third-party marketplace partners, such as Amazon, are invaluable tools for its omnichannel presence. The collaboration with the some of the largest retailers brings 5.11 increased opportunity from sales and revenue to increased marketing opportunities and brand awareness. Yet at the same time, 5.11 is strategic about protecting its 5.11 brand and delivering a consistent consumer experience in the third-party marketplace. 
 Wholesale - The Wholesale channel is comprised of Professional Wholesale, Consumer Wholesale and International business. Wholesale sales were 55 , 57 and 57 of net sales for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Professional Wholesa le channel specializes in demand creation for formal procurement through specification of 5.11 on government contracts around the world. The Consumer Wholesale channel is comprised of dealers, outdoor specialty retailers, and military exchanges, serving predominantly Everyday Consumers. The International business includes retail locations and International e-commerce sites. International products are currently distributed in over 120 countries across the globe. Management believes there is significant opportunity for continued International expansion. 
 Professional Wholesale. The Professional Wholesale channel consists of Prosumer sales relationships, and is comprised of dealers and resellers of 5.11 technical apparel, footwear and gear through governmental 
 20 

departments and agencies, including their retail front and e-commerce services that cater to Prosumers that need additional services, such as tailoring of their uniforms, in a one-stop-shop experience. Requirements of outfitting entire agencies or departments necessitates carrying numerous, often infrequently used, sizes and colors of a given product. In addition, 5.11 s years of handling these types of customized orders has resulted in 5.11 having a dedicated team with specialized expertise, a skillset that is unique in the industry. We believe 5.11 s significant investment in inventory provides a competitive advantage versus smaller less well capitalized competitors that carry low levels of inventory. 
 Consumer Wholesale. The Consumer Wholesale channel consists of Everyday Consumer sales relationships, and is comprised of third-party retailers and their e-commerce sites. 5.11 consumers can find its products at well-known big box sports, outdoor specialty retailers and military exchanges, in addition to third-party online only retailers who focus on product sales in similar apparel, footwear and gear categories as we do. Shop-in-shop concepts at key retailers who also attract the 5.11 customer base gives consumers a tactile experience with 5.11 products, by which they can feel, try on, and compare 5.11 product offerings. Additionally, 5.11 gains online traction from discussion boards and forums that bring professional and everyday enthusiasts together to discuss 5.11 products and the category in general. Both avenues serve as catalysts to attract new customers and keep long time consumers loyal to the 5.11 brand. 
 International. In addition to domestic whitespace, management believes there is opportunity to expand internationally as International only represente d 21 of net sales in 2023. While 5.11 products are currently distributed in 120 countries across the globe, 5.11 has limited penetration in many of these countries with limited distribution in certain countries and certain dealers only carrying select styles. As such, management believes there is significant opportunity for continued international expansion and plan to expand in Europe, the Middle East, Africa ("EMEA"), Mexico, Asia, Australia, and Canada, and will leverage third-party logistics facilities in Europe and China as well as 5.11 s owned warehouse in Australia to drive this. 5.11 sees additional opportunities to further expand internationally and plans to methodically continue the expansion of its business. 
 No individual customer represented greater than 10 of 5.11 s net revenues in 2023. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, 5.11 had approximately 34.6 million and 41.3 million, resp ectively, in firm backlog. 
 Market Opportunities 
 5.11 products are designed for use in a wide variety of activities, from professional to recreational and outdoor and indoor, and can be used all year long. As a result, the markets and consumers 5.11 serves are broad and deep. The market opportunity is both significant and supported by the demand of 5.11 s innovative products providing an opportunity for future, profitable growth. As a category-defining brand, management believes its innovative products serving Everyday Consumers and Prosumers will continue to expand its addressable market. 
 U.S. Everyday Consumer Opportunity. 5.11 products address a large and broad Everyday Consumer base consisting of individuals from all walks of life. Everyday Consumers include small business owners, teachers, lawyers, farmers, homemakers and others, who enjoy wearing 5.11 during work, after work and on their weekend adventures. Management believes the Everyday Consumers are multi-generational, though skewing younger. These younger consumers are representative of an expanding, technically-focused consumer base looking for performance in every aspect of their daily lives. 5.11 caters to Everyday Consumers across all regions of the U.S., though management believes Everyday Consumers are located primarily in urban and suburban locations. 
 U.S. Prosumer Opportunity. 5.11 s premium product offering addresses a large Prosumer base, including first responders, military personnel, on and off-duty public servants, non-active military and other functionally focused professionals such as contractors, utility workers, hospital professionals and others using 5.11 for professional applications. Management believes Prosumers are multi-generational, though primarily middle-aged males. Similar to its Everyday Consumers, 5.11 caters to Prosumers across all regions of the U.S. and believes Prosumers are located primarily in urban and rural locations. The Prosumer market is a stable, recurring source of demand for 5.11's products. Management believes that Prosumer demand is resilient through economic cycles as Prosumers continue to depend on 5.11 products regardless of the economic environment. 
 International Opportunity. In addition to the domestic whitespace opportunity, management believes there is opportunity to expand to a large global market, as International only represente d 21 of n et sales in 2023. 5.11 products are currently distributed in 120 countries across the globe with its market entry point being the Professional Wholesale Channel. Most countries outside the US are under-penetrated with limited 
 21 

distribution and select dealers only carrying a portion of available styles. As such, management believes there is significant opportunity for continued international expansion and plan to expand in EMEA, Mexico, Asia, Australia, and Canada. 5.11 s approach will be to build out each region uniquely based on the size of the opportunity and the complexity of conducting business in a particular country. This approach currently utilizes a mixture of Professional and Consumer wholesale channels, distributors, wholesale partner stores, third party e-commerce sites as well as owned e-commerce websites and retail stores. To build this business 5.11 plans to leverage its third-party logistics facilities in Europe and China as well as its owned warehouses in Australia and the US for supply chain logistics. 5.11 believes there are additional opportunities to further expand internationally and plans to methodically continue the expansion of its business. 
 Business Strategies 
 Increase Brand Awareness and Grow the Passionate 5.11 Community - 5.11 has proven the profitability of its core product offerings and broad geographic relevance, while demonstrating clear brand authenticity and versatility. Though 5.11 is a brand and industry leader in the tactical and functional fitness communities, management believes it still has substantial room to grow through continuing to broaden its brand awareness. 5.11 has a large, growing community of deeply loyal consumers who share an authentic connection to the brand. 5.11 brand awareness is driven largely by its authentic association with public safety and the military, who rely on 5.11 gear for performance both on-duty and off-duty. To increase brand awareness, 5.11 designs and executes a variety of dynamic, high impact marketing strategies to engage existing consumers and reach new consumers, both domestically in the U.S. and internationally. 
 5.11 s innovative brand and marketing strategy has been able to deliver significant brand awareness growth with relatively low marketing spend to date. The reason this has been so successful is due to the outsized returns from 5.11 s positive, community-driven word-of-mouth, stemming from consumers who share an emotional connection to 5.11. While 5.11 s marketing competencies extend well beyond traditional and digital media; 5.11 is a leader in content development and influencer marketing. 5.11 has built a community with major brand ambassadors and brand partners. 5.11 also partners with other leading brands across categories, such as Spartan in fitness and Ubisoft s Ghost Recon in gaming. These strategic partnerships reinforce 5.11 s authentic and premium branding while simultaneously engaging a broad and passionate customer base of potential 5.11 consumers. Through its deep relationships, history of mutually beneficial partnerships, community, and social education events such as ABR Academies, as well as its recognized leadership position, management believes 5.11 has become a partner of choice for influencers worldwide, leading to a significant competitive advantage. These marketing efforts deliver authentic, aspirational experiences and exclusive content that drive loyalty and engagement. 5.11 pairs this emotional brand marketing with sophisticated, data-driven performance marketing to further drive profitable customer acquisition, retention and high lifetime value. Through investment in these marketing strategies, 5.11 intends to drive passionate 5.11 connections within its community. 
 Continued Execution of Integrated Omnichannel Platform to Drive Disciplined Growth - Management believes 5.11 has built a solid omnichannel distribution strategy, comprised of a rapidly growing DTC channel, which includes its owned retail locations, proprietary website, and third-party marketplace partners like Amazon, and a recurring Wholesale channel, which encompasses 5.11's Professional Wholesale, Consumer Wholesale, and International business. Rather than taking the traditional channel approach to the business which management believes limits 5.11's potential, 5.11 enters trade areas with a tailored DTC and wholesale strategy for that market. To best serve its consumers needs and to profitably accelerate growth, 5.11 continues to make investments in its omnichannel distribution strategy. To increase connectivity and reach a larger quantum of consumers, 5.11 is accelerating digital growth through the utilization of data analytics, targeted digital tactics and integrated marketing campaigns. In parallel, 5.11 continues to improve its website functionality as measured through strong site traffic, conversion and average order value. 5.11 s digital growth is complemented by the potential to expand its retail footprint. Currently, 5.1 1 has 123 ph ysical stores, which represents an increase of 120 since 2015. Ultimately, the expansion of both channels presents an accessible near-term opportunity to accelerate growth and better serve evolving consumer preferences. 
 Leverage Innovation Capabilities to Continue Developing New Products - At its core, 5.11 is an innovator that prides itself on making purpose-built technical apparel, footwear and gear for all of life s most demanding missions. Throughout its history, 5.11 developed a diverse product portfolio that has helped grow its brand to be an industry leader in both its Wholesale and DTC businesses. Through its product innovation, 5.11 developed brand affinity, built on the foundation of its strong professional business. By serving its Prosumer, 5.11 increased demand in its 
 22 

Everyday Consumer segment, creating a large whitespace for growth. Moving forward, 5.11 is looking to grow share of its consumers wardrobe with a continued focus on everyday and weekend wear. In order to accelerate growth and meet consumer preferences, 5.11 plans to continue its consumer product innovation and expand its lifestyle product offering and other ancillary categories. 5.11 built a foundation of infrastructure and processes that allows it to have shorter lead time on product and design. 5.11 will continue to refine this in order to accelerate growth and take market share in the consumer business through an expanded product portfolio. Management believes that continued product innovation for 5.11's Prosumers drives brand loyalty with its Everyday Consumers. 5.11 s efforts to tailor products for its Prosumers drives innovation and credibility, which in turn yields superior functionality and appeal to Everyday Consumers. As 5.11 continues to scale, its broader consumer base allows it to reinvest resources back into its technical and functional expertise, further driving continued innovation for its professional consumers. 
 Disciplined International Expansion - International re presents 21 of net sa les in 2023 and management believes 5.11 has a large opportunity to expand this business. Management believes Prosumers internationally view U.S. first responders, military and public servants as being among the best in the world, and want the same apparel, footwear and gear that they use both on and off duty. 5.11 s international strategy parallels the success it has enjoyed in the U.S. by seeding the market through the Prosumer channels, which creates brand awareness and Everyday Consumer demand. 
 Currently 5.11 products are distributed in over 120 countries across the globe. 5.11 leverages its proven playbook to invest in international regions to grow its business. This strategy starts with the Professional Wholesale channel which establishes a profitable recurring revenue stream. As that grows, 5.11 builds a Consumer Wholesale channel and finally a DTC business is established in the most mature markets. While the strategic approach is consistent, each region is uniquely built based on the size of the opportunity and the complexity of conducting business in a particular country. Management believes there is a significant opportunity to continue 5.11's international expansion with a focus on EMEA, Mexico, Asia, Australia and Canada. 5.11 s ability to supply the same superior apparel, footwear and equipment to global markets allows it to expand its already profitable international business to Everyday Consumers living by the ABR mindset around the world. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 Authentic Global Lifestyle Brand with Passionate Following - Since inception, 5.11 has been a trusted brand by military, law enforcement, public safety, first responders and frontline workers and other service professionals around the world. No matter the mission or how demanding the environment, management believes 5.11 makes the apparel, footwear and gear of choice for professionals both on and off duty. This loyalty and trust, proven over decades from when the FBI Academy first adopted 5.11 pants in 1992, is a powerful tool. This stamp of approval from the elite professional community creates a brand halo effect that propels the Everyday Consumer business, allowing 5.11 to appeal to a broad range of consumers who embrace an active lifestyle, and who also appreciate 5.11 products superior technical performance for everyday use. 
 5.11 s loyal consumers act as brand advocates, proudly wearing branded 5.11 gear and displaying 5.11 banners, decals and patches. Management believes that 5.11's brand advocacy through social media or by word-of-mouth, coupled with its varied marketing efforts, has extended its appeal to the broader community. As 5.11 has expanded its product lines, and broadened its marketing messaging, it has cultivated an increasingly diverse audience of both men and women living throughout the United States and, increasingly, in international markets. Management believes 5.11's loyal customers, alongside its heritage of authenticity and high-quality product performance create such a strong connection to the 5.11 brand. 
 Deep Knowledge of Consumers Drives Product Development and Marketing - Management believe much of the 5.11 brand success is accredited to the loyalty of 5.11's consumers. 5.11 continuously strives to understand their evolving needs. Utilizing consumer insights through proprietary research, data, and analytics, 5.11 informs its product design and development teams to meet the demands and expectations of its loyal consumers. Having innovated closely with its Prosumers since 2003, 5.11 has a deep understanding and appreciation for the tactical issues they deal with daily. Seeing itself as problem-solvers first-and-foremost, 5.11 designs products that provide solutions to the obstacles they encounter while on duty, enhancing the daily regimens of its professional end-users. 5.11 consumers are passionate about their work and activities, and 5.11 matches that passion as it continuously strives to build functional, durable, and comfortable products. Not only is this insight helpful in product design and development, but also in outbound marketing efforts, both domestically and internationally. 5.11 supports and builds its brand through a fully integrated, high-impact marketing strategy which includes innovative and exclusive content, 
 23 

digital and social media, dedicated weekly Podcast, community-outreach, television and movie product placement and integrations, sponsorships, and local store activations and events that foster consumer engagement. 
 Purpose-Built, Innovation-Led and High-Quality Product Offering - 5.11 s DNA is readiness. 5.11 addresses the needs of elite professionals around the world, outfitting them with the top-quality gear and equipment necessary to complete their missions. From this powerful foundation, 5.11 develops products to both address the specific needs of these professionals and have broad appeal. The process for development starts with a rigorous analysis of the most important functional qualities for 5.11 Prosumers. 5.11 then engages with the broader community, along with industry and trade professionals, to help find specific voids in the market worth targeting. 5.11 uses this data and insights to develop head-to-toe assortments to serve its consumers holistically whether they are at the office, exercising, experiencing the outdoors, or simply embracing the ABR lifestyle in their daily lives. 
 5.11 delivers a comprehensive lineup that enables its customer to enjoy high-quality functionality without having to sacrifice lifestyle, comfort, or style. Management believes 5.11's ability to deliver this balance is a deep competitive advantage that is unrivaled and where most of its competitors have proven to be unsuccessful. 
 Integrated Omnichannel Distribution Strategy - The foundation of 5.11's business model is to continue to strengthen its ability to serve the Everyday Consumer and Prosumer however they prefer to engage and purchase with 5.11, while simultaneously reinforcing 5.11's brand s association and authenticity. Rather than taking the traditional channel approach to the business which management believes limits 5.11's potential, 5.11 enters trade areas with a tailored DTC and wholesale strategy for that market. With 5.11 s ability to share inventory between stores and e-commerce, we optimize speed and efficiency with logistics that truly meet 5.11's Prosumers and Everyday Consumers needs wherever they prefer to shop. We believe this principle of product accessibility and adopting to consumers shopping choices drives brand building and organic lead generation. Though each channel is able to function profitability on an individual basis, the value 5.11 derives from its channels working in concert is a competitive strength. 
 Scalable Infrastructure and High-Performance Team to Support Growth - In the past five years, 5.11 has invested heavily to not only improve operating and fulfillment performance in its current growth phase, but also as a foundation to support continued future growth. 5.11 s investment has included implementing a variety of strategic and operational improvements, including hiring experienced senior executives, expanding its company owned retail stores, executing merchandising improvements, enhancing distribution and supply chain capabilities and implementing data-driven digital marketing campaigns. 5.11 s current infrastructure allows it to fulfill orders accurately and effectively across all channels, including making certain shipments direct from the source to bypass distribution centers, while still providing buffer capacity capabilities to support future expansion. 
 Competition 
 5.11 competes in the global marketplace for purpose-built technical apparel, footwear and gear. Management believes 5.11 has competitive advantages through its global omnichannel business model, which is comprised of a rapidly growing DTC channel and recurring Wholesale channel. 5.11 competes against activewear, outdoor and specialty apparel brands such as Nike, Under Armour, The North Face, Patagonia, Lululemon, Arc teryx, Carhartt, Propper and Fecheimer Brothers. 5.11 competes with footwear brands such as Timberland, Bates and Danner, and with gear and bag brands such as Camelbak, Osprey and YETI. 5.11 also competes with specialty retailers such as REI, Dick s Sporting Goods and Galls. 
 Suppliers 
 5.11 has built a supply chain that is optimized for its business, through which 5.11 controls the design, development and fulfillment of its products. 
 Sourcing and Manufacturing 
 5.11 does not own or operate any manufacturing facilities. Instead, it chooses to contract with third-party suppliers for materials (fabric and trims) and manufacturers for finished goods. 5.11 partners with high-quality vendors and retains complete control of all intellectual property associated with its products. 5.11 product design, technical design and development teams work directly with its vendors to incorporate innovative materials that meet the high-quality product standards demanded by its customers. 5.11 s primary product specifications include characteristics 
 24 

like durability, protection, functionality, and comfort. 5.11 collaborates with leading fabric suppliers to develop fabrics that it ultimately trademarks for brand recognition whenever possible. 
 The materials used in 5.11 products are developed in partnership between its material vendors and its design, product development and sourcing teams, then sourced by its manufacturers from a limited number of pre-approved suppliers. To enhance efficiency and profitability, 5.11 recently adopted 3D design capabilities for virtual prototyping allowing it to make better and quicker decisions prior to creating physical prototypes. Additionally, 5.11 recently partnered with one of its apparel manufacturers to create a development center with dedicated resources to facilitate rapid prototyping. 
 All 5.11 products are manufactured by third-parti es. 5.11 works with a group of 70+ vendors, 17 of which produced approximately 80 of its products in both 2023 and 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2023, approximately 41 of 5.11 products at cost were produced in Bangladesh, approximately 31 in Vietnam, and the remainder in China, Cambodia, Taiwan, Philippines, Indonesia, Africa, Central America and the United States. 5.11 does not have any long-term agreements requiring it to use any manufacturer, and no manufacturer is required to produce its products in the long term. 5.11 purchase s from suppliers on a purchase order basis informed by capacity forecasts. 5.11 measures supplier performance through various performance indicators and partner closely with them to continually improve efficiency, cost, and quality. Management believes that 5.11's principal manufacturers have the additional capacity to accommodate future growth. 
 As a company devoted to the needs of public safety and mission-oriented professionals, 5.11 has developed secure relationships with a number of its vendors and take great care to ensure that they share its commitment to quality and ethics. Under its supplier agreements, suppliers must follow 5.11 s established product design specifications and quality assurance programs to meet specified standards. To ensure vendor reliability and quality, 5.11 has established a sourcing office in Hong Kong whose primary functions include vendor management, commercialization, product development, production planning, vendor compliance, and quality assurance. 
 5.11 requires its vendors to comply with its Vendor Code of Conduct relating to working conditions as well as certain environmental, employment and sourcing practices. 5.11 requires all vendors to contractually commit to upholding these standards. Additionally, in alignment with its values, 5.11 encourages its manufacturers to be certified through the Worldwide Responsible Accredited Production (WRAP) program, which is an independent organization dedicated to promoting safe, lawful, humane and ethical manufacturing. Once a vendor is part of 5.11 s production network, its in-house production team work together with third-party inspectors to closely monitor each partner s compliance with applicable laws and standards on an ongoing basis. 
 5.11 regularly sources new suppliers and manufacturers to support its ongoing growth and carefully evaluates all new suppliers and manufacturers to ensure they share its standards for quality and integrity. To mitigate supplier concentration risk, 5.11 commercializes its top key items at multiple factories to ensure it can balance geographic risks as well as respond quickly to spikes in business. 5.11 also continuously seeks out additional suppliers and manufacturers to enable contingency plans that minimize disruptions, as well as support its future growth. 
 Distribution 
 5.11 leases and operates a distribution facility in Manteca, California to support its fulfillment needs across the Americas (North, Central South). Additionally, 5.11 operates a small distribution facility in New South Wales, Australia to serve the Australia and New Zealand markets. 5.11 utilizes global third-party logistics providers to fulfill customer orders in EMEA and Asia-Pacific, which are located in Sweden and China, respectively. These third-party logistics providers manage all various distribution activities in their regional markets, including product receiving, storing, limited product inspection activities, and outbound shipping. 
 Intellectual Property 
 To establish and protect its proprietary rights, 5.11 relies on a combination of trademark (including trade dress), patent, design, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as contractual restrictions in license agreements, confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements and other contracts. 5.11 s intellectual property is an important component of its business, and management believes that 5.11's know-how and continuing innovation are important to developing and maintaining its competitive position. Management also believes having distinctive marks that are readily identifiable on 5.11's products is an important factor in continuing to build its brand and distinguish its products. 5.11 considers the 5.11 name and logo, as well as the Beyond Clothing name and logo, trademarks, together with 88 issued and pending patents and 591 registered and pending trademarks, both in the United States and internationally, to be among its most valuable intellectual property assets. 
 25 

Regulatory Environment 
 In the United States and the other jurisdictions in which 5.11 operates, it is subject to labor and employment laws, laws governing advertising, environmental and safety regulations, including those pertaining to perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances (collectively known as PFAS ), and other laws, including consumer protection regulations that apply to the promotion and sale of merchandise and the operation of fulfillment centers and privacy, data security and data protection laws and regulations, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, in the United States, the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 ("GDPR") in the European Economic Area and Switzerland, the U.K. GDPR and the United Kingdom Data Protection Act 2018 in the United Kingdom, and the Brazilian General Data Protection Law in Brazil, the ePrivacy Directive and national implementing and supplementing laws in the European Economic Area. Privacy and security laws, regulations, and other obligations are constantly evolving, may conflict with each other to complicate compliance efforts, and can result in investigations, proceedings, or actions that lead to significant civil and/or criminal penalties and restrictions on data processing. 5.11 products sold outside of the United States may be subject to tariffs, treaties and various trade agreements, as well as laws affecting the importation of consumer goods. 5.11 monitors changes in these laws and management believes that 5.11 is in material compliance with applicable laws. Failure to comply with these laws, where applicable, can result in the imposition of significant civil and/or criminal penalties and private litigation. A portion of sales generated by its International business is derived from sales to foreign government agencies, and management believes 5.11 is in material compliance with related applicable laws. 
 Human Capital 
 Mission-Driven, Innovative and Supportive Culture From the beginning, 5.11 s company culture has always been focused on serving those who serve military, law enforcement officers, public safety and first responders and frontline workers from around the world. The passion for serving these top professionals inspires 5.11 to extend serving its consumers into their everyday lives, to be prepared for whatever life throws their way. 5.11 s teams embrace its ABR mindset, and its core values allow 5.11 to attract passionate and motivated employees who are driven to succeed and share the vision of becoming an iconic global brand rooted in innovating purpose-built gear for the most demanding missions while inspiring the world to always be ready. 
 5.11 s work environment is open and collaborative, spanning a global organization from its headquarters in Costa Mesa, CA and offices in Hong Kong, Mexico, Sweden and Australia, to its distribution center in Manteca, CA, and to its U.S. retail stores. Its employees around the world are 5.11 s most valuable and important brand ambassadors. Their commitment to 5.11 and its mission, and their knowledge and passion for 5.11 products allows 5.11 to execute its company strategy and strengthens its brand loyalty. Additionally, 5.11 store employees are critical to 5.11 s success and often represent members of its communities, with many of them retired military, law enforcement officers and first responders. 
 5.11 prides itself in its ability to work directly with top professionals around the world, innovating to solve their greatest needs in the most mission-critical settings. 5.11 maintains a global footprint, with employees working in thirty-three states and eighteen countries. At December 31, 2023, 5.11 had 1404 full-time employees and 543 part-time employees. 5.11 strives to create a welcoming and caring environment across the entire organization and celebrate the passion its team members bring forward in serving its consumers. 5.11 believes it has created a company culture focused on attracting, retaining, and developing talent, which enables it to exceed consumers expectations and meet its growth objectives. 5.11 prioritizes building a diverse, inclusive, equitable and supportive team that is driven by creativity and purposeful innovation. 
 
 BOA 
 Overview 
 BOA, creator of the revolutionary, award-winning, patented BOA Fit System, partners with market-leading brands to make the best gear even better. Delivering fit solutions purpose-built for performance, the BOA Fit System is featured in footwear across snow sports, cycling, outdoor, athletic, workwear as well as performance headwear and bracing. The system consists of three integral parts: a micro-adjustable dial, high-tensile lightweight laces, and low friction lace guides creating a superior alternative to laces, buckles, Velcro, and other traditional closure mechanisms. Each unique BOA configuration is designed with brand partners to deliver superior fit and performance for athletes, is engineered to perform in the toughest conditions and is backed by The BOA Lifetime Guarantee. BOA is headquartered in Denver, Colorado and has offices in Austria, Greater China, South Korea, and Japan. 
 26 

History of BOA 
 BOA was founded in 2001 by Gary Hammerslag, a snowboarder, surfer, and entrepreneur. Gary moved to Steamboat Springs, Colorado in the mid-90 s after successfully selling his previous company, which created innovative catheter solutions that improved angioplasty procedure speed and effectiveness. After arriving in Steamboat Springs and frequently snowboarding, Gary envisioned a possibility to dramatically improve the fit and performance of snowboard boots by applying elements of his learnings in the medical device field. Gary developed a fit system as an alternative to traditional laces for snowboard boots and partnered with K2 and Vans to launch the first BOA-equipped snowboard boots to consumers in the winter of 2001. After a successful launch, BOA became widely adopted on snowboard boots. 
 BOA s next phase of growth was largely in the outdoor sporting and recreation markets. In 2005, BOA expanded its focus to hiking and trail-related footwear, followed by cycling and golf in 2006 and hunting and fishing in 2007, at which point BOA surpassed 1 million users worldwide. From 2008 to 2011, having gained credibility in consumer markets, BOA introduced products for the workwear footwear market as well as products for the medical bracing market. In 2013, the company entered the running market, followed by court sports and training in 2019. 
 In 2019, BOA launched its state-of-the-art Performance Fit Lab ("PFL") to quantitatively measure the impact of BOA-equipped performance footwear with elite athletes. The PFL s purpose is to push the limits of athlete performance through superior fit, performance and user experience by testing, refining and improving products in collaboration with BOA s brand partners. BOA has conducted thousands of individual performance tests since the lab opening. 
 In 2023, BOA successfully launched alpine downhill ski boots. The expansion into new industries and geographies coupled with the scientifically proven performance improvements has resulted in BOA surpassing 28 million users worldwide in 2023. 
 We purchased a majority interest in BOA on October 16, 2020. 
 Industry 
 BOA participates in the global performance footwear, helmet and bracing markets representing an addressable market of 800+ million units sold annually in over 40 countries. The addressable market includes Snowsports (Alpine Ski, Snowboarding, and Cross-Country boots plus Helmets), Athletic (Golf, Court Sports, Running, and Training footwear), Outdoor (Trail, Hiking, Trekking, and Mountaineering boots/shoes), Cycling (Footwear and Helmets), Workwear (Footwear and Helmets), and bracing. BOA partners with the leading premier brands to integrate their system into their best gear. Management estimates the company currently has approximately 4 share within its addressable market. 
 Products, Customers and Distribution Channels 
 Products 
 The BOA Fit System consists of a durable lace, which is guided by low-friction guides and attached to a dial that is typically mounted on the footwear heel, tongue, or eye-stay for micro-adjustability to enhance performance fit. BOA s current product portfolio has seven platforms, H+, H, M+, M, L+, L and S-Series, which vary in cost, weight, tension, and use case. Each dial design can be customized with numerous color choices allowing the product to fit cohesively with each brand partners specific designs and colorways. 
 All platforms share the distinctive characteristics that differentiate BOA from competing offerings: micro-adjustability to achieve the perfect fit, measurable performance benefits validated by the company s PFL, durability and quality proven in extensive field testing, a lifetime guarantee on the end-product s dial and laces, and the distinctive BOA sound heard when turning the dial. 
 Each platform is designed and engineered to address the specific performance fit needs of the end user by use case. Factors such as size and shape of dial, level of torque, internal mechanics, and weight vary amongst platforms, and each platform is further segmented into product collections that differ in aesthetic, optimal placement on the shoe, and cost. Within each product collection, dial designs and materials differ to accommodate preferences of the end user and retail price points of the end product. 
 27 

Customers and Distribution Channels 
 BOA has approximately 300 global brand partners, including leading footwear companies such as Adidas, ASICS, Yonex, New Balance, Under Armour, Specialized, Shimano, Fizik, Trek, Fox, Burton, La Sportiva, K2, Vans, Saloman, Atomic, Fischer, Scarpa, Black Yak, Ecco, Fila, Anta, Scott, FootJoy, Sieve, Red Wing, and Jalas who feature BOA systems across a variety of sporting and professional industries including snow sports, cycling, outdoor, athletic, workwear and medical. BOA typically sells directly to the manufacturing partner responsible for final assembly of the brand partner s product. BOA works with 500+ brand partner factories with limited revenue concentration. Most brand partner factories are located in Asia, primarily in China and Vietnam, and are in relatively close proximity to BOA s supply chain. 
 Rather than being solely an OEM part supplier, BOA maintains highly collaborative relationships with its brand partners to actively co-develop innovative, performance-driven footwear, helmets and bracing. BOA contributes substantial design and testing resources to ensure its system is used in a way that maximizes performance based on dial placement and configuration. The BOA Fit System is not simply a lace replacement or plug and play option, but rather a solution that must be integrated into each product model through a 6-18 month development cycle to create an application that works specifically with a product s unique structural design. This process allows BOA to ensure brand image consistency, end product quality and the best performance fit. 
 Footwear and headwear products featuring BOA systems are primarily sold through brick-and-mortar sporting goods retailers, specialty sport retailers, online retailers, or brand partners owned retail and online channels. According to management s estimates, end consumption is geographically diverse, with approximately 10 of products consumed in North America, 25 in Europe, and 65 in Asia. 
 One individual customer represented approximately 11 and 13 of BOA's net revenues in 2023 and 2022. No other individual customer or brand partner factory represented greater than 10 of BOA s net revenues in 2023, 2022 or 2021. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, BOA had approximat ely 16.1 million and 18.8 million in order backlog, respectively. 
 Business Strategies and Competitive Strengths 
 Business Strategies 
 Continued Share Growth in Established Industries - BOA has established a strong presence in certain core industries globally including cycling and snowboarding. BOA has established strong positions in the workwear industry in Europe, outdoor industry in Korea, and the athletic industry in Japan and China. The company is on pace to achieve approximately 10 model count growth consistent with BOA's long-term expectations. 
 Going forward, BOA intends to continue to build its brand partner relationships to expand penetration and capture additional share in growing markets such as workwear in North America and Asia and outdoor/athletic in Europe and North America, and Alpine Ski globally. BOA has developed industry specific products to better cater to the individual dynamics of each market. Through its reputation in the marketplace, athlete endorsements and deep relationships with leading brand partners, the company is focused on delivering the performance benefits of the BOA Fit System across an expanding set of industries and geographies. 
 Expand into Pioneering Categories - BOA has identified several adjacent segments including alpine skiing, trail running, and court sports such as tennis, badminton and basketball which management believes are well suited to benefit from the performance fit that BOA delivers. BOA is actively working with leading brand partners to develop sport-specific footwear configurations that can benefit from the advantages of the BOA Fit System. By leveraging BOA s brand equity and proven solutions, the company believes there is significant whitespace to increase penetration in these early adoption segments. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 Culture of Innovation and New Product Development - Management believes that there is significant opportunity to continue advancing product offerings through its commitment to innovation. Product development and innovation are divided amongst (i) BOA s internal innovation and evolution of its fit systems and platforms, refining and improving on the aesthetics, durability, user experience, and price/value, (ii) the design and engineering collaboration that BOA engages in with its brand partners for project and application-specific needs, and (iii) BOA s 
 28 

advanced research through its PFL, which is transforming markets through innovative performance fit solutions that are scientifically tested and validated. 
 Deep Collaborative Partnerships BOA has deep partnerships with the premier brands in every industry they compete within. They collaborate throughout the entire product lifecycle process, including product strategy, design and development, factory operational/service support, retail education, consumer warranty support, and marketing/demand creation. BOA has a high partner retention rate due to the depth and value of the relationships. 
 Premium Brand Position - BOA is focused on continuing to build awareness around its aspirational, global brand through content leadership, athlete endorsements, paid media, brand partner affiliations, retail engagement/ education and other business. BOA primarily increases awareness through direct-to-consumer marketing and co-marketing with its established brand partner relationships. In 2019, BOA launched its Pioneer Program, an athletic sponsorship platform. BOA leverages athlete endorsements to further establish its positioning as a performance fit leader as well as drive cross-segment brand awareness. The company's tag line and positioning Dialed in Precision Fit" showcases pioneers performing at their peak both physically and mentally. BOA also relies on its trusted brand partners to increase BOA brand awareness. The company focuses its efforts on collaborating with brand partners who are innovative market leaders that meet BOA s brand standards and align with BOA s positioning as a high-performance, premium brand. 
 Technology Leader with Robust Patent Portfolio BOA is a leader in performance fit innovation and has built a diverse global portfolio of issued and pending utility and design patents. Throughout BOA s history, the company has continually innovated on dial attributes including quick release, durability, manufacturing ease, and micro adjustability, in addition to integrated lace and lace guide designs and configurations critical to imparting precision fit and reduced friction. BOA s engineering and technical expertise enables the development and production of performance fit solutions, allowing their brand partners to offer performance enhancing technology and product differentiation. 
 Competition 
 BOA s competition can be segmented into three categories: established footwear brands that maintain their own proprietary technology for particular market segments, lower-quality subscale BOA imitators, and non-mechanical lace alternatives (bungies, buckles, plastic lace locks, Velcro, and webbing). Management estimates that BOA is 10+ times the size of its next closest direct competitor. 
 Research and Development 
 BOA s approach to new product development is a multi-stage, cross-functional process. For each new product introduction, BOA works closely with brand partners to identify or develop the best suited BOA solution, its optimal placement on the shoe (or other application), color and design specifications, and cost targets. On existing products, BOA is committed to continuous innovation, including key improvements such as lower installation costs for brand partner factories, thinner and sleeker product profiles for improved aesthetics, in field warranty rate reduction to approximately 0.5 , improved user experience, and the broadening of the platform suite to address key opportunities in alpine skiing, basketball, and outdoor. 
 As part of BOA s innovation strategy around improving fit, the company has invested in a state-of-the-art PFL to quantitatively measure the impact of the BOA system on end products. The PFL is testing a significant number of products to evaluate a) Agility Speed, b) Power Precision, and c) Endurance Health. By addressing these global performance attributes rather than segment-by-segment specific needs, PFL findings will be relevant and applicable across BOA s product lines. The results of these studies help further validate BOA s value proposition, strengthening the company s position as a fit and performance leader. Moreover, the PFL serves as a platform to test and refine new product offerings ahead of launch. 
 Suppliers 
 BOA maintains a longstanding deep relationship with a sole supplier for plastic injected parts (dial units and lace guides), representing approximately 70 of total purchases. The vendor is based in China with multiple facilities and is currently working with BOA to diversify its geographical footprint by end of 2024. Furthermore, the vendor has supplied the company since 2001 and has continuously invested in its tools and infrastructure to maintain quality standards and keep up with demand. BOA owns all its injection molds. Lastly, the vendor is also a minority shareholder in BOA and is committed to supporting its growth. The remainder of BOA s purchases are for steel and 
 29 

steel coated lace, textile laces and guides, monofilament lace and webbing, which are sourced from China, Korea, Europe, Thailand, the Philippines and the U.S. Management believes its manufacturing partners have sufficient capacity to accommodate future growth. 
 Intellectual Property 
 BOA has built a diverse global patent portfolio of 259 issued and pending utility patents and 160 issued and pending designs. The company currently has 42 active patent families as well as 31 active design families with intellectual property covering its core technology (dials, guides, laces), as well as strategic configurations and component installation methods. BOA maintains 187 registered and pending trademarks protecting 14 unique marks, with core marks filed in 40+ countries. 
 Seasonality 
 Due to the diversity of industries and geographies BOA participates in, there is no significant seasonality to the business. 
 Environmental, Social and Governance 
 As a forward-looking company, BOA sustainability efforts include minimizing impact on the environment, elevating the experience of staff throughout our supply chain, and working with community partners to diversify and promote access throughout Outdoor and STEM industries. BOA is working to reduce the use of virgin fossil fuel-based plastics, reduce overall manufacturing waste, and materially decrease our use of fossil-based energy. The company has made tangible progress in all three areas. BOA has formed partnerships with organizations across each region of operation focused on providing more access and opportunities to under-represented populations and protecting the environment. Through these programs BOA is working to create purposeful connections to their employees, partners, and consumers bringing their mission, values, and products to the hearts and minds of their audience. 
 Human Capital 
 BOA is an inclusive global team that trusts and cares for each other, their partners, the community, and the environment. Since their launch in Steamboat Springs, CO in 2001, BOA has maintained a strong and healthy company culture that is rooted in a passion for pioneering, and for making the best gear even better. As the team has expanded over the last 23 years, BOA has placed an emphasis on attracting, developing, and retaining a diverse and talented workplace. BOA employees are located in four countries and the United States. As of December 31, 2023, BOA had 268 full-time employees and 4 part-time employees. 137 employees are located in the United States and 135 work outside of the United States in Austria, Greater China, Japan, and South Korea. 
 BOA is focused on providing greater access to careers, diversifying the industry and providing BOA talent with opportunities to grow within the organization - providing career exposure programs, learning and development opportunities, targeted individual career plans, and building Leadership Excellence across all levels of the organization. BOA maintains a high employee retention rate and the leadership team strives to lead with transparency and respect. 
 
 Ergobaby 
 Overview 
 Ergobaby is dedicated to building a global community of confident parents with smart, ergonomic solutions that enable and encourage bonding between parents and babies. Ergobaby offers a broad range of award-winning baby carriers, blankets and swaddlers, nursing pillows, strollers, bouncers and related products that fit into families daily lives seamlessly, comfortably and safely. Ergobaby is headquartered in Torrance, California. 
 History of Ergobaby 
 Ergobaby was founded in 2003 by Karin Frost, who designed her first baby carrier following the birth of her son. The baby carrier product line has since expanded into multiple style variations. In its second year of operations, Ergobaby sold 10,500 baby carriers and today sells over 1 million a year. In order to support the rapid growth, in 2007, Ergobaby made a strategic decision to establish an operating subsidiary EBEU in Hamburg, Germany. 
 30 

In 2014, Ergobaby launched the Ergobaby 360 Baby Carrier which expanded on Ergobaby s leadership in the baby carrier category by offering an ergonomic, outward forward facing position for the baby and comfort for the parent. The Ergobaby 360 Carrier won the 2014 JPMA Innovation award in the baby carrier category. In 2016, Ergobaby launched the Adapt Baby Carrier that is geared for newborns to toddlers (7lbs-45lbs) and offers some unique parent comfort features including lumbar support and crossable shoulder straps, as well as the benefit of being an all-in-one carrier with no need for an infant insert accessory (for babies 7-12lbs.). Also in 2016, Ergobaby acquired membership interests of New Baby Tula LLC Baby Tula ). Baby Tula designs, markets and distributes premium baby carriers and accessories and focuses its efforts on both the ergonomics and fashion of its products. In 2017, Ergobaby launched the All Position, All-in-One Omni 360 Baby Carrier that is geared for newborns to toddlers (7lbs-45lbs) and includes all of Ergobaby s parent baby comfort features from the 360 and Adapt Baby Carriers, as well as the same consumer benefit of no infant insert accessory needed. 
 In 2018, Ergobaby entered into the stroller category with 2 new models. The first product launched was a full-size option called the 180 Reversible Stroller. This was followed later in the year by a premium compact option, the Metro Compact City Stroller . In 2019, Ergobaby launched the Embrace Baby Carrier which is geared for newborns (7lbs-25lbs) and merges the coziness of a soft wrap carrier with the simplicity and comfort of a structured carrier. In 2020, Ergobaby launched Everlove, a first of its kind carrier buyback, restoration, and resell program to extend the lifecycle of its carriers for a more sustainable future. In 2021, Ergobaby launched the multiple award winning Aerloom, the first-of-its-kind, FORMAKNIT baby carrier made to move, stretch and fit parents' daily life. This carrier has a seamless knit design and 87 of the knit is made with recycled plastic bottles. Most recently, in 2022, Ergobaby launched the Evolve Home Collection featuring the 3-in-1 Bouncer. The Evolve Bouncer was designed and developed with guidance from a pediatric orthopedist and transforms from cozy newborn lounger to a calming baby bouncer to a fun and functional toddler seat. 
 We purchased a majority interest in Ergobaby on September 16, 2010. 
 Industry 
 Ergobaby competes in the large and expanding infant and juvenile products industry. The industry exhibits little seasonality and is somewhat insulated from overall economic trends, as parents view spending on children as largely non-discretionary in nature. Consequently, parents spend consistently on their children, particularly on durable items, such as car seats, strollers, baby carriers, and related items that are viewed as necessities. Further, an emotional component is often a factor in parents purchasing decisions, as parents desire to purchase the best and safest products for their children. On average, households spent between 11 - 27 of their before-tax income on a child. Similar patterns are seen in other countries around the world. 
 Demand drivers fueling the growing spending on infant and juvenile products include favorable demographic trends, such as (i) a high percentage of first time births; (ii) an increasing age of first time mothers and a large percentage of working mothers with increased disposable income; and (iii) an increasing percentage of single child households and two-family households. 
 In purchases of baby durables, parents often seek well-known and trusted brands that offer a sense of comfort regarding a product s reliability and safety. As a result, brand name, comfort and safety certifications can serve as a barrier to entry for competition in the market, as well as allow well-known brands such as Ergobaby and Baby Tula to compete in a growing premium segment. 
 Products, Customers and Distribution Channels 
 Products 
 Baby Carriers - Ergobaby has two main baby carrier product lines: baby carriers and related carrier accessories, sold under both the Ergobaby and Tula brands. Ergobaby s baby carrier designs support a natural, ergonomic ("M" shaped) sitting position for babies, eliminating compression of the spine and hips that can be caused by unsupported suspension. The baby carrier also distributes the baby s weight evenly between parents hips and shoulders and alleviates physical stress for the parent. Both Ergobaby s non-forward facing and forward facing baby carriers have been recognized by the International Hip Dysplasia Institute as being hip healthy . Additional accessories are provided to complement the baby carriers including the popular Infant Insert. 
 Within the Ergobaby Baby Carrier product line, Ergo sells non-forward facing and forward facing baby carriers in a variety of style and color variations and Baby Tula sells non-forward facing and forward facing fashion-oriented baby 
 31 

carriers. Baby Carrier sales represented approxim ately 81 , 87 and 89 , of gross sales in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 Ergobaby s core Baby Carrier product offering s with average retail prices are summarized below: 
 Ergo 
 10 styles of baby carriers - 49 - 249 
 Tula 
 7 styles of baby carriers - 79 - 780 
 Customers and Distribution Channels 
 Ergobaby primarily sells its products through brick-and-mortar retailers, national chain stores, online retailers and distributors. In Europe, Ergobaby products are sold through its German based subsidiary, which services brick-and-mortar retailers and online retailers in Germany and France; it s United Kingdom based subsidiary; and its Tula subsidiary in Poland; as well as a network of distributors located in Sweden, Norway, Spain, Denmark, Italy, Turkey, and the Ukraine. Customers in Canada are predominately serviced by Ergobaby s Canadian subsidiary. Sales to customers outside of the U.S., Canadian and European markets are predominantly serviced through distributors granted rights, though not necessarily exclusive, to sell within a specific geographic region. 
 Ergobaby had approximately 7.9 million and 9.9 million in firm backlog orders at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Two individual customers accounted for approximately 29 , 27 and 25 of Ergob aby's gross sales in 2023, 2022 and 2021. No other single customer represented more than 10 of E rgobaby s gross sales in 2023, 2022 or 2021. 
 Business Strategies and Competitive Strengths 
 Business Strategies 
 Increase Penetration of Current U.S. Distribution Channels - Ergobaby continues to benefit from steady expansion of the market for wearable baby carriers and related accessories in the U.S. and internationally. Going forward, Ergobaby will continue to leverage and expand the awareness of its outstanding brands (both Ergobaby and Baby Tula) in order to capture additional market share in the U.S., as parents increasingly recognize the enhanced mobility, convenience, and the ability to remain close to the child that all Ergobaby carriers enable. Ergobaby currently markets its products to consumers in the U.S. through brick-and-mortar retailers, national chain stores, online retailers, and directly through Ergobaby.com and Babytula.com websites. 
 International Market Expansion - Testimony to the global strength of its lifestyle brand, Ergobaby has historically derived approximately 60 of its sales from international markets. Like it has in the U.S., Ergobaby can continue to leverage the Ergo and Tula brand equity in the international markets it currently serves to aggressively drive future growth, as well as expand its international presence into new regions. The market for Ergobaby s products abroad continues to grow rapidly, in part due to the fact that in many parts of Europe and Asia, the concept of baby wearing is a culturally entrenched form of infant and child transport. 
 New Product Development - Management believes Ergobaby has an opportunity to leverage its unique, authentic lifestyle brands and expand its product line. Since its founding in 2003, Ergobaby has successfully introduced new carrier products to maintain innovation, uniqueness, and freshness within its baby carrier and travel system product lines and has become the baby carrier industry leader with the Omni 360 baby carrier. In addition to expanding into new product carriers like swaddling and nursing pillows, in 2018, Ergobaby entered the stroller category by introducing a new premium compact stroller (Metro Compact City Stroller) and a full-size stroller (180 Reversible Stroller) and in 2022, Ergobaby entered the bouncer category with the Evolve 3-in-1 Bouncer and Evolve 3-in-1 High Chair. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 Ergobaby innovation - Ergobaby Carriers are known for their unsurpassed comfort. Ergobaby s superior design results in improved comfort for both parent and baby. Parents are comfortable because baby s weight is evenly distributed between the hips and shoulders while baby sits ergonomically in a natural ("M" shaped) sitting position. The concept of baby carrying has increased in popularity in the U.S. as parents recognize the emotional and functional benefits of carrying their baby. Consumers continually cite the comfort, design, and convenient hands free mobility the Ergobaby carrier offers as key purchasing criteria. Ergobaby is also recognized as an industry 
 32 

leader in innovation. With launches of new products happening regularly, (the Ergo 360 in 2014, Adapt in 2016, Omni 360 in 2017, Embrace Newborn Carrier in 2019, Aerloom in 2020, Omni Breeze and Omni Dream in 2021) Ergobaby continues to innovate in the baby carrier segment on a regular basis. 
 Ergobaby's commitment to supporting families led to designing the most comfortable compact stroller on the market, Metro+ and most recently, the Evolve Home Collection featuring the 3-in-1 Bouncer that is thoughtfully designed to grow with families. 
 Baby Tula Community - Tula enjoys an active and enthusiastic community who are vocal advocates for the brand. The Tula community acts as both an avid source of feedback on new product launches, which influence future product and patterns, as well as brand influencers to the broader new parenting community. 
 Competition 
 The infant and juvenile products market is fragmented, with a few larger manufacturers and marketers with portfolios of brands and a multitude of smaller, private companies with relatively targeted product offerings. 
 Within the infant and juvenile products market, Ergobaby s baby carriers primarily compete with companies that market wearable baby carriers. Within the wearable baby carrier market, several distinct segments exist, including (i) slings and wraps; (ii) soft-structured baby carriers; and (iii) hard frame baby carriers. 
 The primary global competitors in this segment are BabyBjorn, Infantino, and Chicco. In geographies globally, Ergobaby also competes with companies that have developed wearable carriers, such as Infantino, Manduca, Cybex, Nuna, Stokke, Boppy, and Pognae. Within the soft-structured baby carrier segment, Ergobaby benefits from strong distribution, good word of mouth, and the functionality of the design. 
 Suppliers 
 During 2023, Ergobaby sourced its Ergo carrier and carrier accessory products from Vietnam and India, and manufactured its stroller systems, bouncer and accessory products in China. Baby Tula products predominantly were produced from factories in India and Poland and were also produced in its own facility located in Poland. In 2009, Ergobaby partnered with a manufacturer located in India, and in 2012, Ergobaby began sourcing carriers and acce ssories from a manufacturing facility in Vietnam. More than 50 of Ergobaby s carriers and accessories came from Vietnam in 2023. Baby Tula sourced its carrier, accessories and blanket products from Poland, Vietnam and India, with purchases from these locations accounted for approximately 8 of total Ergobaby purchases. Management believes its manufacturing partners have the additional capacity to accommodate Ergobaby s projected growth. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Ergobaby maintains and defends a U.S. and international patent portfolio on some of its various products, including its 3-position and 4-position carriers and other baby products. Currently, Ergo has 127 issued and allowed patents and 50 pending patents pending in the US and other countries. Ergobaby also depends on brand name recognition of its brands, its distinctive design, and premium product offering to differentiate itself from competition. 
 Human Capital 
 Ergobaby is a global organization headquartered in Torrance, California, with offices in Hamburg, London, Paris and Bialystok, and distribution and retail partnerships in more than 75 countries. As of December 31, 2023, Ergobaby had 163 em ployees globally. Ergobaby s people are its most valuable asset and the organization is proud to be recognized as one of LA s Best Places to Work 2021, and certified Great Place to Work 2022 and 2023. Ergobaby strives to create a culture of trust with diversity of thought to drive innovation, create products and be a resource that helps to empower families everywhere. The collective sum of the individual differences, life experiences, knowledge, inventiveness, innovation, and unique capabilities of Ergobaby employees is evident in its positive culture and highly recognized brand. The company s corporate responsibility and diversity and inclusion efforts are employee led, driven by the belief that supporting a global society that is resilient, empathetic, anti-racist, and inclusive starts with having a community where all people can thrive, starting from within the company itself. 
 33 

Lugano 
 Overview 
 Lugano is a leading designer, manufacturer, and retailer of high-end jewelry. Lugano utilizes an extensive network of suppliers to procure high-quality diamonds and rare gemstones. Often taking inspiration directly from the stone, Lugano designs and creates one-of-a-kind jewelry that it sells to a broad base of clients. Lugano conducts sales via its own retail salons as well as pop-up showrooms at Lugano-hosted or sponsored events in partnership with influential organizations in the equestrian, art, and philanthropic communities. Lugano is headquartered in Newport Beach, California. 
 History of Lugano 
 Established in 2004 by Moti and Idit Ferder, Lugano takes its name from the picturesque Lake Lugano in southern Switzerland, often described as a unique "gemstone of nature, nestled amidst the Lugano Prealps mountains. 
 The first retail salon opened its doors in 2005 in Newport Beach, California, adopting an exclusive appointment-only model. Situated across from the upscale Fashion Island shopping center in Orange County, the salon rapidly expanded, providing a crucial validation of Lugano's tailored retail strategy. Over the subsequent years, Lugano strategically opened three additional retail salons in Aspen, Colorado; Palm Beach, Florida; and Ocala, Florida, all employing its distinctive high-touch sales approach to broaden its presence in key destinations favored by its target demographic. In 2008, the company initiated an equestrian division, concentrating on the Southeastern United States to complement its retail sales efforts. Today, Lugano is a prominent sponsor of various equestrian events and remains a dedicated supporter of equestrian-related causes. 
 Throughout its history, Lugano has focused on building strong relationships with influential social and philanthropic organizations in the local communities surrounding its retail salons. In Aspen, Colorado, Lugano frequently collaborates with esteemed organizations like the Aspen Institute and the Aspen Museum of Art, hosting private dinners and events as part of its event-based marketing strategy. 
 In 2020, Lugano bolstered its production capabilities by constructing an in-house workshop, enhancing production efficiencies, and gaining greater control over its premium gemstone inventory. In 2022, Lugano marked the opening of a new retail salon in Houston, Texas, and relocated its original Newport Beach location to become Lugano's flagship salon in the prestigious Fashion Island shopping center. The expansion continued in 2023 with new retail salons in Greenwich, Connecticut, and Washington, DC. Additionally, the company introduced Priv , an exclusive private social club designed for Lugano clients. Located in Newport Beach, Priv is the culmination of Lugano s years of community building and exceptional experience curation. 2024 will usher in the next chapter for Lugano with its first international retail salon in London, England. 
 Today, Lugano's distinctive go-to-market strategy, unique designs, vertical integration, and cultivated client network stand as crucial differentiators in the competitive high-end jewelry market. 
 We purchased a majority interest in Lugano on September 3, 2021. 
 Sales and Distribution 
 Products 
 Lugano designs, manufactures, and retails high-end jewelry including unique rings, necklaces, earrings, bracelets and brooches that range in price from under 1,000 to well over seven figures, with an average price of approximately 314,000 per piece. Lugano s designers start with a rare stone as inspiration and craft jewelry that highlights the beauty and perceived value of the stone. As a result, Lugano s pieces are often seen as one-of-a-kind works of art, creating a highly desirable niche in the broader jewelry marketplace. Competitors products are typically high volume or collection-based jewelry lines that are inherently less unique or exclusive traits highly valued by Lugano s clientele. 
 Customers 
 Lugano s client base generally consists of sophisticated, high-net-worth individuals who value long-standing relationships and a personalized sales approach over one-time purchases and the high-pressure sales tactics used by other jewelry competitors. A typical Lugano client is community and relationship-driven and seeks unique products with emotional significance. The purchasers or recipients of Lugano pieces are predominantly women and often leaders in their respective communities. Lugano s clients can range in age from 25 to over 80 and come from 
 34 

all over the nation, with most based in California, followed by Florida, New York, Texas, and Colorado, along with international clientele, primarily in the United Kingdom.. 
 Lugano s retail revenue is diversified with no customer representing greater than 10 of total revenue in 2023. Management also believes its client relationships are significantly stickier than those of other jewelry retailers. Lugano enjoys a growing percentage of repeat business year-over-year, with repeat customers contributing an increasing percentage of reve nue. Beyond its retail business, Lugano also sells loose diamonds via its wholesale division representing approximately 5 of Lugano s revenue in 2023. 
 Distribution 
 Lugano goes to market via seven retail salons in Newport Beach, California, Palm Beach, Florida, Aspen, Colorado, Houston, Texas, Ocala, Florida, Washington DC, and Greenwich, Connecticut all strategically located in wealthy regions or near popular vacation and up-scale shopping destinations frequented by Lugano s target clientele. In a salon, Lugano aims for an elegant and private ambience to facilitate its high-touch sales approach. Salons are carefully laid out, enabling Lugano to host private dinners, parties, or other social events. Unlike other jewelers that highlight their jewelry with long, rectangular counters that separate the customer from the salesperson, Lugano decorates its salons with curved tables and couches designed to facilitate comfort, relationship-building, and ease of conversation. Lugano also markets and sells jewelry via pop-up showrooms at Lugano-hosted or sponsored events or in the homes of its clients. 
 Market Trends, Business Strategies and Competition 
 Market Trends 
 Lugano competes broadly in the personal luxury goods market, a portion of the overall global luxury market. According to Bain Company, after years of consistent growth, the personal luxury goods market experienced a brief contraction in 2020. However, since then, the personal luxury goods market has grown to hit 320 billion, increasing the size of the market by 1 versus 2019 levels. Bain Company estimates that the personal luxury goods market could reach 408- 430 billion by 2025 with a sustained growth of 6-8 annually. 
 Lugano currently has very low penetration 
 Competition 
 The luxury jewelry market is highly fragmented with the leading six to seven companies accounting for approximately 20 of the market. LVMH, with brands like Tiffany, Bvlgari and Chaumet; Richemont with brands like Cartier and Van Cleef Arpels; Graff Diamonds; and Harry Winston lead the market. These competitors often utilize a traditional retail model focused on foot traffic and tourism, are typically collection-based, and do not exclusively focus on the high-end segment of the jewelry market. The remaining portion of the market consists of national retail brands and small or midsize players that operate regionally or in an online-only format. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 Sourcing, Design and Production Capabilities 
 A deep network of international vendors enables the company to source rare and difficult-to-find stones. These stones are then combined with the world-class capabilities of Lugano designers who create sought-after masterpieces that cater to the company s target clientele. Lugano s in-house production workshop or close network of captive workshops provide increased production efficiencies, improved control over its inventory and better speed to market. 
 35 

High-touch Retail Model 
 Lugano s one-of-a-kind inventory requires a unique and high-touch sales strategy which the company has cultivated over its nearly 20-year history. The company s retail experience is carefully curated, emphasizing both exclusivity and elegance, both critical to the sale of Lugano jewelry. 
 Event-based Marketing Strategy 
 Lugano sponsors close to three hundred events each year, enabling the company to meet prospective clients and reconnect with existing clients that have become loyal and repeat purchasers. In each market that Lugano enters, management takes great care to establish itself as part of the local community and become a focal point for its clients lifestyles and activities. Through its efforts, Lugano invests in relationships which build brand value and customer loyalty. Lugano-sponsored events are often a client s gateway into the Lugano community (management estimates over 80 of clients are initially contacted at Lugano-sponsored events). Once a part of the Lugano community, customers tend to view jewelry purchases from Lugano as recurring events and often increase the size of their purchase from their previous transaction. 
 Sourcing and Availability of Materials 
 Lugano sources diamonds and precious gemstones from a variety of vendors and wholesalers. Generally, Lugano sources polished diamonds and gemstones that are crafted into a Lugano-designed piece. From time to time, Lugano also opportunistically acquires finished jewelry with a high resale value from its global network of vendors. Most of Lugano s diamonds are sourced from domestic wholesalers. By not purchasing raw stones directly from mines, Lugano limits conflict diamond exposure. Lugano ensures all its diamond vendors adhere to the Kimberly Process Certification Scheme to prevent conflict diamonds from entering its supply chain. Lugano s vendor base is diversified with no vendor typically making up more than 10 of total purchases in most years. Lugano maintains decade-long and trusted relationships with its top vendors. 
 Seasonality 
 While individual retail salons experience some seasonality (e.g., winter in Aspen, summer in Newport Beach), these patterns offset one another at the company-level. Additionally, due to the variety of events Lugano hosts all-year-round, there is no significant seasonality in the business. 
 Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2023, Lugano employed a non-union labor force of 127 full-time employees. 49 employees work in sales and marketing, 16 work in design production, 25 work in operations, 15 work at Priv , with the remainder in corporate and administration. 2 of Lugano's employees are based in the United Kingdom. Lugano intends to continue to grow its headcount and build out its middle management as it executes on its growth strategy of new salon openings, increased event-based marketing, and international expansion. Management believes Lugano's relationship with its employees is good. 
 
 PrimaLoft 
 Overview 
 Headquartered in Latham, New York, PrimaLoft is a leading provider of branded, high-performance synthetic insulation used primarily in consumer outerwear and accessories. PrimaLoft was developed in 1983 as a division of Albany International Corporation (NYSE: AIN) in response to a U.S. Army request to develop a synthetic insulation for soldiers that replicated the warmth and weight characteristics of traditional goose down, but also remained warm when wet. Today, PrimaLoft s products span a wide variety of highly engineered insulation fibers and gels that are used as ingredients for premium priced outdoor apparel (e.g., jackets, vests, pants, gloves, footwear, and hats) and home furnishings (e.g., comforters and pillows). PrimaLoft is differentiated based on its (i) leadership in synthetic insulation technology and sustainability, (ii) respected brand, (iii) robust product development and service model critical to brand partners, and (iv) respected legacy and high esteem with product design teams of aspirational brands. Most brand partners do not possess the same depth of internal expertise in synthetic insulation design and view PrimaLoft as an innovation and sustainability partner that enhances the parent brand in a manner consistent with increasingly eco-focused brand missions. 
 36 

History of PrimaLoft 
 PrimaLoft was originally founded in 1983 after being approached by the U.S. Army Research Laboratory in Natick, Massachusetts. The U.S. Army was primarily interested in a synthetic insulation that would be comparable to goose down in weight, compressibility, and warmth, while also retaining heat in the presence of moisture. PrimaLoft was awarded its first patent for a synthetic down originally branded as PrimaLoft ONE in 1986. After initial success with military applications including sleeping bags and clothing systems, PrimaLoft entered the commercial market through partnerships with name brands like L.L. Bean, Land s End, and Ralph Lauren. PrimaLoft quickly established its credibility for performance and quality and today continues to drive innovation within the synthetic insulation industry. A summary of key milestones in the Company s history is below: 
 1989: L.L. Bean and Ralph Lauren become the first brand partners 
 1990: PrimaLoft was used in the layering system for the Mount Everest Peace Climb 
 1997: Developed first design using post-consumer recycled material 
 2012: Separation from Albany International into a standalone company through a management buyout 
 2017: Release of i) ThermoPlume, the most advanced, 100 recycled, down-like synthetic insulation alternative and ii) Aerogel technology, a lightweight, compression-resistant insulation composed of more than 95 air 
 2018: Developed first-ever biodegradable, 100 recycled synthetic insulation and fabric cross-product capabilities 
 2019: Breakthrough development of P.U.R.E. manufacturing technology, a proprietary process of synthetic insulation that reduces carbon emissions by up to 70 
 2020: Launch of Patagonia Nano-Puff with PrimaLoft P.U.R.E. technology 
 2021: Launch of Aerogel Footwear with Canada Goose 
 2021: PrimaLoft Bio recognized as the winner of Drapers Sustainable Fashion Award 
 We acquired a majority interest in PrimaLoft on July 12, 2022. 
 Industry 
 PrimaLoft participates in the global insulation market for both apparel and bedding, which is estimated to encompass over 30 billion of annual spending. Within the overall insulation market, PrimaLoft competes primarily in premium positioned products where consumers value performance and sustainability. 
 Products, Customers and Distribution Channels 
 Products 
 PrimaLoft s core product offering includes a wide range of insulation product types that are optimized to keep end consumers at a comfortable temperature, regardless of weather conditions. At the top end of the product range, PrimaLoft s technically focused brand partners design each new outwear garment with specific performance goals or use cases in mind and aim to deliver the highest levels of warmth while also reducing product weight and maximizing product flexibility. PrimaLoft also delivers a broader menu of solutions to its brand partners that can address any product designer s aesthetic vision (e.g., quilted/non-quilted, high/low loft, loose fill/batted rolls, etc.). PrimaLoft has been an early advocate of apparel sustainability, becoming the exclusive partner to some of the largest and most pioneering sustainability focused outdoor brands when they first undertook meaningful sustainability initiatives. Additionally, under its Relentlessly Responsible mantra, PrimaLoft has innovated low-emission manufacturing processes, incorporated high levels of recycled content into its product lineup, and continues to push the boundaries of apparel circularity via biodegradation and carbon-negative technologies. The ability of PrimaLoft s product suite to address any and all brand partner goals, whether performance, aesthetic, or sustainability related, is a critical reason for PrimaLoft s consistent market leadership in synthetic insulation over the past four decades. 
 Customers and Distribution Channels 
 PrimaLoft primarily works directly with over 900 active brand partners across North America, Europe, and Asia. PrimaLoft maintains highly collaborative relationships with its brand partners, visiting most several times per year to introduce new innovations, generate new product ideas, and assist with integrating the latest PrimaLoft technologies into their outerwear lineups. The process of designing a jacket usually begins about 18 months before the jacket is 
 37 

intended to be sold at retail. PrimaLoft sales team members and engineers engage early in the process, assisting with garment design, construction, and analysis of key insulation performance attributes. After several rounds of sampling and iterating with PrimaLoft, the brand partner will finalize product bill of materials and quantities for its lineup. Outerwear featuring PrimaLoft is primarily sold through brick-and-mortar sporting goods retailers, specialty sport retailers, online retailers, or brand partners owned retail and online channels. 
 PrimaLoft had approximately 13.3 million and 16.6 million, respectively, in firm backlog orders at December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Business Strategies and Competitive Conditions 
 Business Strategies 
 Accelerate the Market Trends Away from Down Insulation - With the introduction of ThermoPlume and other down-like synthetic insulation solutions, PrimaLoft is well positioned to continue gaining market share as customers shift away from down insulation. This change is being driven by the following factors: (i) consumer pushback on traditional down products due to the widespread and well-publicized inhumane down harvesting practices; (ii) narrowing performance gap between synthetic and down; (iii) volatility and notably higher pricing for down insulation tied to commodity pricing of goose and duck meat; and (iv) limited design flexibility and loss of efficacy in wet conditions for down insulation makes synthetic more attractive to product designers. 
 Continued Development of Cutting Edge Insulation Technology - Over the past four decades, PrimaLoft has continuously improved its product offering to remain a technology leader in synthetic insulation. With strong continued investment in new product development, we expect PrimaLoft innovations to push the boundaries of material science and expand the value provided to end consumers. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 PrimaLoft s competitive advantages include: (i) four decades of brand equity built on technology leadership, that allows brand partners to command premium pricing and tell their sustainability story; (ii) deep insulation-specific material science expertise ranging from polymer innovation to manufacturing innovation to design integration; (iii) protected intellectual property and a proprietary supply chain; (iv) trusted long standing brand partner relationships for a critical but relatively small cost component of the overall product; and (v) scale (demand aggregation) to gain efficiencies at both the fiber and toll manufacturing stages of the supply chain. 
 Competition 
 PrimaLoft s competition falls into two categories: (i) brand partner house insulation brands; and (ii) other third-party insulation manufacturers that service more than one outerwear brand. PrimaLoft is believed to be the largest third-party branded synthetic insulation provider to the apparel industry. 
 Research and Development 
 PrimaLoft adheres to a 5-step Stage Gate approach for developing new products, beginning with a concept phase to define the market need. PrimaLoft relies on R D alliances, industry contacts, and its internal technical team to identify and develop innovative ideas to address a market need. Once defined, the team enters a feasibility phase to scope the operations requirements and early pricing builds. PrimaLoft then begins an interactive process of designing and verifying the product against external and internal requirements. Once product attributes and pricing builds are finalized, PrimaLoft further validates the product and process performance within the production environment and finalizes marketing assets before ensuring steady state production at toll manufacturing partner facilities. 
 Suppliers 
 PrimaLoft leverages an asset-lite production model, relying on a global network of third-party chemical suppliers, extruders, and fiber mills strategically located near brand partner production facilities throughout Asia, Europe, and North America. PrimaLoft s vertically integrated supply chain is a competitive advantage, allowing for customized solutions to brand partners. Beginning at the polymer level, PrimaLoft possesses expertise in optimizing enhanced performance polymers. At the fiber extrusion level, PrimaLoft has the ability to innovate and create novel fibers, which are then used as inputs to the textile process. PrimaLoft provides fiber requirements and formulations to its network of exclusive manufacturing partners, who then directly receive raw materials ordered by PrimaLoft. 
 38 

PrimaLoft oversees the manufacturing partner insulation production process, often with visits to facilities and continuous testing to ensure all insulation produced meets the performance and sustainability standards. Once produced, the manufacturing partners ship insulation to brand partner manufacturing facilities, often located near the toll manufacturer in Europ e or Asia. The brand partner manufacturer then produces the final product before it is shipped back to the brand partner, to a retailer, or direct to a consumer. 
 Intellectual Property 
 In addition to its brand, customer relationships and scale, PrimaLoft also makes use of product patents and process trade secrets as additional barriers to entry and competitive moats. As a leader in synthetic insulation PrimaLoft has built a patent portfolio of more than 13 issued and pending patents in the United States and more than 70 pat ents issued internationally. In addition, PrimaLoft uses a variety of trade secrets typically covering specific insulation manufacturing processes. Lastly, PrimaLoft has more than 50 registered and pending trademarks globally. 
 Seasonality 
 Due to the nature of insulated outerwear and the concentration of spending in the northern hemisphere, PrimaLoft typically sees approximately 70 of sales in the first half of the calendar year, which is when brand partners order components to be used in cold weather apparel that will be sold to end consumers in the subsequent fall/winter. 
 Human Capital 
 PrimaLoft had 76 employees on December 31, 2023, 71 full-time employees and 5 part-time employees, with 42 employees located within the United States, 24 in China and the remainder in Europe and Vietnam. PrimaLoft's labor force is non-union. Management believes that PrimaLoft has a g ood relationship with its employees. 
 
 Velocity Outdoor 
 Overview 
 Velocity Outdoor, headquartered in Bloomfield, New York, is a leading designer, manufacturer, and marketer of airguns, archery products, laser aiming devices and related accessories. Velocity Outdoor offers its products under the highly recognizable Crosman, Benjamin, LaserMax, Ravin and CenterPoint brands that are available through national retail chains, mass merchants, dealer, and distributor networks. Airguns historically represent Velocity Outdoor's largest product category. The airgun product category consists of air rifles, air pistols and a range of accessories including targets, holsters, and cases. Velocity Outdoor's other primary product categories are archery, with products including CenterPoint crossbows and the Pioneer Airbow, consumables, which includes steel and plastic BBs, lead pellets and CO2 cartridges, lasers for firearms, and airsoft products. In September 2018, Velocity acquired Ravin Crossbows, a manufacturer and innovator of crossbows and accessories. Ravin primarily focuses on the higher-end segment of the crossbow market and has developed significant intellectual property related to the advancement of crossbow technology. In July 2022, Velocity acquired Kings Camo LLC which designs and sells high-performance, feature rich hunting and casual apparel of uncompromised quality, utilizing King s own proprietary camouflage patterns. King s target consumers are men, women and youth who are avid in their outdoor pursuits. 
 We acquired a majority interest in Velocity Outdoor on June 2, 2017. 
 History of Velocity Outdoor 
 Velocity was founded in 1923 as Crosman Rifle Company and was one of the first manufacturers of recreational airguns in the United States. Velocity Outdoor acquired Visible Impact Target Company in 1991 and Benjamin Sheridan Corporation in 1992. Benjamin was, and continues to be, a dominant U.S. producer of high-end pneumatic and CO2 powered airguns while Sheridan was one of the world s foremost manufacturers of high-quality paintball markers. In 2007, Velocity expanded its offerings outside the traditional airgun category with the debut of its new optics division, Centerpoint Precision Optics. In 2008, Velocity diversified further by adding Crosman Archery to its list of branded products and introduced two new hunting crossbows in addition to youth archery products. In 2016, Velocity debuted its Centerpoint line of crossbows and the Benjamin Pioneer Airbow, the first ever mass-produced air powered archery device and with the 2018 acquisition of Ravin Crossbows, Velocity expanded their archery product line into the higher-end segment of the crossbow market. In July 2022, Velocity acquired Kings Camo LLC which designs and sells high-performance, feature rich hunting and casual apparel utilizing King s own proprietary camouflage patterns. 
 39 

Today, Velocity Outdoor is an international designer, manufacturer, and marketer of Crosman and Benjamin airguns including related ammunition and accessories, archery products including the Ravin and Centerpoint crossbows, airsoft rifles, airsoft pistols, and ammunition, laser aiming devices, precision optics and King's Camo hunting apparel. 
 Industry 
 Velocity Outdoor primarily competes within the airgun and archery sub-segments of the broader outdoor recreational products industry, which together management estimates constitute approximately 1.1 billion of annual manufacturer revenue. Both categories share certain common characteristics, including consumer demand for innovation, similar sales channels, and unique regulatory frameworks. 
 The airgun industry is estimated by management to constitute approximately 275 million of annual manufacturer revenue, including consumables and excluding accessories. With a history stretching back over a century, the industry is generally considered to be a mature sector, with stable growth rates in the low single digits. Airgun products are largely sold through big box specialty sporting goods retailers, online retailers, and mass merchants, each accounting for roughly 15 , 24 and 27 of purchases from Velocity, respectively. The remainder moves through dealers and distributors. Airguns are less seasonal than archery because there is no defined hunting season, although sales increase somewhat around holidays. 
 The archery equipment market is estimated by management to constitute approximately 770 million of annual manufacturers sales, of which 500- 550 million is attributable to bows and 200- 250 million is attributable to related archery consumables. Vertical and compound bows, and crossbows each comprise about half of the category sales, with crossbows gaining share in recent years. Independent archery dealer s account for 36 and big box specialty sporting goods retailers account for approximately 28 of consumer purchases from Velocity. Distributors, mass merchants, and online retailers make up the remainder of consumer sales. 
 The hunting apparel market is estimated by management to constitute 500 million of annual sales. Online retailers' sales account for approximately 42 of consumer purchases, dealers and distributors account for 37 and big box specialty sporting goods retailers make up the remainder of consumer sales from Velocity. 
 Products, Customers and Distribution Channels 
 Products 
 Velocity designs, manufacturers and markets six categories of products: (i) airguns, (ii) archery products, (iii) consumables, or pellets, BBs and CO2 cartridges, (iv) optics, (v) airsoft, and (vi) apparel. Velocity's product strategy encompasses producing high quality, feature-rich products recognized by consumers for their craftsmanship, value and building on a rich history to introduce innovative new products. 
 Airguns - Airguns have historically represented Velocity's largest product category. The airgun product line consists of air rifles, air pistols and a range of accessories including targets, holsters and cases. Velocity's airguns are designed to be multi-purpose, multi-occasion products, for use in recreational plinking and target shooting, pest control, and hunting. Velocity offers a good, better, best array of airguns under the Crosman and Benjamin brands. The Crosman brand is known for high value at an accessible price, where the Benjamin brand is typically associated with premium products falling within the mid- to high-price point. Additionally, Velocity rounds out its offering with mid-level products produced under an exclusive licensing agreement with Remington for its Remington , Marlin , DPMS , and Bushmaster brands. 
 Archery Products - Velocity re-entered the archery market in 2016 with a product line anchored by the Centerpoint crossbow and the first-of-its-kind Pioneer Airbow. Centerpoint has grown rapidly since it was launched to become the leading player in the crossbow category. Centerpoint acquired market share by offering features like an aluminum frame, higher shooting velocity, integrated string stops, a 4x32mm scope and shoulder sling at very competitive retail prices. 
 Concurrent with the launch of the Centerpoint line of crossbows, Velocity also introduced the Pioneer Airbow . The Pioneer Airbow created a new sportsman category as the first ever mass-produced air-powered archery device, effectively bridging the gap between airguns and archery. Velocity acquired Ravin Crossbows in 2018, further expanding its product line in the archery market. Ravin Crossbows is a leading designer, manufacturer and innovator of crossbows and accessories. Ravin primarily focuses on the higher-end segment of the crossbow market and has developed significant intellectual property related to the advancement of crossbow technology . In 
 40 

2022 Ravin introduced one of the most compact, fastest, most powerful, and most accurate crossbow ever produced, shooting arrows at speeds over 500 feet per second. It also is available with an exclusive, and industry first, compact electronic cocking/de-cocking mechanism . 
 Consumables - Velocity's consumables segment consists of steel and plastic BBs, various styles of lead pellets, and single-use CO2 cartridges used to power airguns. BBs are typically used for plinking, training, or target shooting at a more affordable cost, while different pellet styles are designed either for accuracy, maximum penetration, or a combination of the two. Velocity is the world s largest provider and only domestic manufacturer of CO2 cartridges, having first introduced the use of C02 as an airgun propellant in 1961. Consumables are produced under the Crosman and Benjamin brand names. 
 Optics - Launched in 2006, Velocity's line of optics products offers high-performance, value-priced optics under the Centerpoint brand. The scopes, sights, binoculars, lights, and lasers are marketed for traditional firearms, in addition to select airgun and crossbow offerings. In 2017, Velocity added to their optics product line with the acquisition of the commercial division of LaserMax. LaserMax is a global leader in hardened and miniaturized laser systems, offering a comprehensive line of premium laser sights for home defense, personal protection, and training use. LaserMax s commercial business provides laser sighting solutions, and tactical lights to the firearm original equipment manufacturers ("OEM") and retail channels. Management believes that the addition of the LaserMax products enables Velocity to reach a wider range of new customers across retail channels. 
 Airsoft - Airsoft guns are a class of air, CO2, gas, or electric-powered guns that are typically made from high-impact plastics and are engineered with recreation in mind to fire plastic BBs quickly and accurately. Airsoft products are most often used for recreational purposes by a younger demographic and a strong user base amongst military and law enforcement customers. Velocity offers a broad portfolio of airsoft rifles and pistols under its owned Crosman Elite and Game Face brands, as well as the licensed U.S. Marines brand. 
 Hunting Apparel - Hunting apparel is designed specific to the activity and varies by region used and type of hunting. Hunting apparel includes, but is not limited to jackets, vests, pants, bibs, shirts, boots, base layers, socks, and gloves for men, women, and youth. Hunting apparel is typically: more durable and weather resistant than regular clothing; designed with special features for the field and fitted to provide more flexibility and less restricted movement. Proper clothing and apparel are essential to hunting success and enjoyment. 
 Distribution Channels 
 Velocity's products are sold through over 900 customers across a mix of sales channels, including mass merchants, national retailers, distributors/dealers/regional chains, international distributors, and e-commerce. Over the last several years, management has successfully diversified both its sales channel composition and customer mix. 
 Velocity sells its products through nearly all major domestic mass merchants and sporting goods retailers currently selling airguns and has established a strong e-commerce platform to allow for flexibility in a changing retail environment. The company has been selling to many of its customers for over 20 years, maintaining close relationships with key purchasing personnel through high-touch customer service. Velocity is one of the only players in the sportsman category offering category management services, product assortment, and SKU optimization feedback typical of larger multinational consumer products companies. This data-sharing has resulted in higher retailer sell-through and margin enhancement, more accurate sales forecasting, and a 98 fulfillment rate, all of which are key components in maintaining status as a vendor of choice. 
 Velocity maintains an internal sales team responsible for covering the vast majority of its customer relationships, or approximately 90 of total sales. Furthermore, Velocity supplements its in-house team with four independent sales representative organizations, providing coverage for approximately 375 additional customers across their respective geographic territories. International sales efforts are handled by Velocity-employed account executives who work through local distributors in order to ensure that products conform to local regulatory standards. 
 Customers 
 Velocity sells its products through nearly all major domestic mass merchants and sporting goods retailers and has established a strong e-commerce platform to allow for flexibility in a changing retail environment. The three largest customers represen ted 16 , 14 and 9 , respectively, of gross sales in 2023 and represented the major sales channels, mass merchant, e-commerce and regional retail. 
 41 

Velocity had approxim ately 5.3 million and 12.4 million in firm backlog orders at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Business Strategies and Competitive Conditions 
 Business Strategies 
 Continued Innovation in Existing Product Categories - Velocity plans to continue to build on its successful history of bringing new, technically superior products to market through leveraging its stringent new product development process, internal manufacturing capabilities, and a flexible supply chain. The company has near-term new product launches and existing product updates planned across all categories, including the highlights below. 
 Airguns - Building on the Silencing Barrel Device (SBD) technology, Velocity is introducing a line of multi-shot break-barrel models that feature a 10-shot clip that advances automatically. Velocity is also enjoying success with its recent introduction of fast shooting full-auto BB guns under the Crosman brand. In addition, Velocity continues to be the world s largest producer of BB, pellets, and CO2 powerlets. 
 Archery - Following the successful 2016 launch of the CenterPoint crossbow line, Velocity believes that it continues to offer the best value proposition in the industry. Recently CenterPoint has introduced new crossbow models at higher price points to segments of the market and Ravin continues to introduce models that lead the industry in innovation and performance. Ravin recently introduced its new electric cocking/de-cocking model that shoots at 500 feet per second. 
 Optics - In addition to the launch of three CenterPoint Spectrum First Focal Plane series of scopes, the company recently released CenterPoint optics to include range finding binoculars and scope adapters. Additionally, following the launch of the grip activated GripSense lasers in 2017, Lasermax has introduced a universal rail mounted laser featuring the same activation technology. 
 Airsoft - Airsoft guns are a class of air, CO2, gas, or electric-powered guns that are typically made from high-impact plastics and are engineered with recreation in mind to fire safe, plastic BBs quickly and accurately. Airsoft products are most often used for recreational purposes by a younger demographic and a strong user base amongst military and law enforcement customers. Velocity offers a broad portfolio of airsoft rifles and pistols under its owned Game Face brand. 
 Water Bead Guns In 2022, Velocity entered this new and fast growing category with the launch of its Gelbee brand of water bead guns and water bead BBs. Water bead guns function similarly to airsoft guns, but use hydrogel instead of plastic BBs. These BBs are made of super-absorbent, biodegradable polymers which are more home and environmentally friendly. 
 Hunting Apparel - The technical aspect of King s apparel lends itself well to several other outdoor categories including but not limited to backpacking, camping, fishing, and hiking. 
 Expand into Adjacent Product Categories - Management believes that the company can leverage in-house manufacturing and sourcing partners to develop products in new categories that utilize Velocity's existing distribution network and brand strength. 
 Further Penetration of Existing Customer Accounts - Management has identified several strategies for further penetrating its existing customer accounts. First, Velocity has identified opportunities to leverage its existing relationships with retailers to drive expanded SKU offerings across categories. Additionally, management believes the company can expand the CenterPoint brand into the dealer network due to the acquisition of Ravin. Furthermore, management believes that the company is well positioned to grow as its brick-and-mortar customers adapt to a changing retail landscape. Velocity believes it can leverage its structured analytical sales approach and new marketing initiatives to assist retailers with enhancing their online sales, similar to the strategies it already employs working with pure e-commerce customers like Amazon and Pyramyd Air. 
 Consolidation Platform - With a well-developed global supply chain, refined manufacturing capabilities, sophisticated management systems infrastructure, and extensive network of relevant relationships, Velocity sees itself as a platform for consolidation within both the broader outdoor recreational goods space and the archery space specifically. Management has identified a pipeline of potential acquisition targets that would help Velocity strengthen and expand its product offering and address new market segments. 
 42 

International Growth - Velocity is exploring opportunities to grow international sales and increase market share by pursuing new international distributor relationships. Management has recently focused its efforts on key markets within Latin America. However, with a more fulsome archery product line in development, the Company believes it is well positioned to expand into key international bowhunting markets such as Europe, Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 Innovation and Engineering Capabilities with Strong IP - Velocity is a consumer-focused organization with a deep understanding of its consumers. In addition, Velocity employs and retains engineers who are the most accomplished in Velocity's markets which, combined with an innovative culture, have created what we believe to be significantly differentiated, demonstrably superior products with strong intellectual property protection. 
 Leading Consumer Brands with Branding and Marketing Capabilities to Drive Consumer Awareness, Affinity, and Engagement . Velocity owns a portfolio of premium, iconic brands that are leaders in consumer awareness and affinity. These include brands with a long, rich heritage such as Crosman and Benjamin airguns with 100 and 139 year histories, respectively, as well as the fast growing, super premium, and market disruptive brand like Ravin and King's Camo. 
 Broad Coverage of Consumer Segments and Price Points . Velocity s portfolio of brands and product lines provides broad coverage of consumer segments and allows the business to position products with a combination of features and retail prices that appeal to all consumers in the category from recreational to avid. 
 Balanced Manufactured vs. Outsourced Production Model . Velocity retains high quality in-house product manufacturing capabilities while also outsourcing a balanced portion of its product line to vendors in low-cost manufacturing regions. This strategy is aligned with the broad portfolio of brands and product lines and reduces supply chain risk. 
 Diverse Customer Base . Velocity employs channel strategies that align with each brands market positioning. A brand s channel strategy may favor independent specialty dealers and in other cases a significant presence in large chain retailers in best to maximize sales and profitability. Taken as a whole, this approach yields a broad and diverse customer base, limiting the reliance on any one customer while reaching all levels and types of consumers. 
 Competitive Conditions 
 Airguns - Velocity's airgun line competes with offerings from several airgun manufacturers, including Daisy Outdoor Products, Gamo Outdoor USA (which acquired Daisy in July 2016 but remains separately branded), and Germany-based Umarex. Key determinants in consumer purchasing decisions include product performance, quality, and brand loyalty. 
 Archery - The archery market competes within a good, better, best spectrum. Velocity's CenterPoint product line, as a value-for-price, entry to mid-level brand, tends to lie between the good and better segments, competing with Barnett Outdoors, Killer Instinct, and PSE Technologies, among others. Consumers tend to make purchasing decisions based on brand awareness, reliability, customer service, and pricing. Although CenterPoint is a recent entry into the archery market, the brand has been able to outpace more established brands on the reliability, pricing, and service aspects to win market share. The Ravin product line has a higher price point and falls within the "best" segment for crossbows, competing with the higher end Tenpoint crossbows. Ravin entered the market in 2017 and management believes it has since become the number one selling brand as measured by retail dollars. 
 Suppliers and Manufacturing 
 Suppliers 
 Velocity s supply chain has both a domestic and foreign sourced component, where sourcing decisions are based on manufacturing expertise, cost, lead time, demand requirements as well as other factors. Finished goods manufacturing is balanced between domestic and offshore, largely from the Asia Pacific region. In addition to a well-seasoned supply chain team in the United States, Velocity Outdoor employs an Asian based Supply Chain team to support current sourced product and future growth. In general, raw materials utilized in Velocity s products include steel, lead, plastics, and corrugated materials. We believe there is ample capacity throughout the value-chain to fully support growth objectives. 
 43 

Manufacturing 
 Velocity's product manufacturing is based on a dual strategy of in-house manufacturing and strategic alliances with select subcontractors and vendors. Velocity conducts its domestic manufacturing operations in two locations. The first is a 225,000 square foot facility on a company-owned 49-acre campus located in East Bloomfield, New York, approximately 30 miles southeast of Rochester. The second is an 85,000 square foot leased facility in Superior, Wisconsin. In addition, the company utilizes approximately 144,000 square feet of leased warehouse space in nearby Farmington, New York, five miles from the East Bloomfield facility. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Velocity Outdoor currently holds a global portfolio of more than 100 registered trademarks and a global patent portfolio of more than 120 issued patents with many more pending. Management considers its patent holdings, trademarked brand names, preeminent name recognition, ability to design innovative products, and technical and marketing expertise to be its primary competitive advantages. 
 Regulatory Environment 
 Airguns - Airguns enjoy a relatively unrestrictive federal regulatory framework, with most regulations determined at the state level. Although there are no federal laws regulating their transfer, possession or use, non-powder guns are subject to oversight from the Consumer Product Safety Commission CSPC ). Therefore, airguns are subject to generalized statutory limitations involving substantial product hazard and articles that pose a substantial risk of injury to children, though the CSPC has not adopted specific mandatory regulations in this area. Federal law prevents states from prohibiting the sale of airguns but allows for state-by-state restrictions on sales of airguns to minors. Thirteen states have imposed such restrictions. Historically, there have not been attempts to grandfather the regulation of airguns into that of traditional powdered firearms, as legislative efforts have largely focused on responding to and refining the existing regulatory framework for each respective category rather than overhauling the coordination or transfer of enforcement duties across agencies. 
 Archery - Crossbow hunting restrictions have become less stringent over the last several years. Since 2006, 13 states, including populous hunting states like Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, and recently Minnesota, have legalized crossbow hunting, while many others moved to relax restrictions through the opening of limited seasons or creation of exceptions to hunting restrictions for those with disabilities. Today only Oregon classifies crossbows as illegal but there is currently a proposal to allow crossbows during the all-weapon deer season in the eastern half of the state. Nearly 90 of all hunting permits are filed in states that currently allow crossbow hunting for at least part of the season. Although continued deregulation is expected, it likely will not be the largest driver for the crossbow category moving forward. Participation levels have steadily increased within the states.This, as well as consumer centric innovation that improves the hunting experience, will be the main drivers behind market growth. 
 Seasonality 
 Velocity typically has higher sales in the third and fourth quarter each year, reflecting the hunting and holiday seasons, respectively. 
 Human Capital 
 Velocity had 275 employees on December 31, 2023, 262 full-time employees and 13 part-time employees, with 274 employees located within the United States. Velocity s labor force i s non-union. Management believes that Velocity has a good relationship with its employees. 

44 

Industrial Businesses 
 
 Altor Solutions 
 Overview 
 Altor Solutions, headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona, is a designer and manufacturer of custom molded protective foam solutions and OEM components made from expanded polystyrene (EPS) and other expanded polymers. Altor provides products to a variety of end-markets, including appliances and electronics, pharmaceuticals, health and wellness, grocery, automotive, building products and others. Altor's molded foam solutions offer shock and vibration protection, surface protection, temperature control, resistance to water absorption and vapor transmission and other protective properties critical for shipping small, delicate items, heavy equipment or temperature-sensitive goods . Altor operates 15 molding and fabricating facilities across North America, creating a geographic footprint of strategically located manufacturing plants to efficiently serve national customer accounts. 
 History of Altor Solutions 
 Altor Solutions was founded in 1957 and began its operations as a single plant in St. Louis, MO, dedicated to the manufacture of rigid foam plastics. Through the years, Altor expanded its geographic footprint, adding additional molding plants to its operation, as well as growing through acquisitions. Altor also opened two greenfield plants in Mexico to better serve their multinational manufacturing customers. 
 In July 2020, Altor acquired the assets of Polyfoam, a Massachusetts-based manufacturer of protective and temperature-sensitive packaging solutions for the medical, pharmaceutical, grocery and food industries, among others. In October 2021, Altor acquired Plymouth Foam, a designer and manufacturer of fabricated foam, custom protective packaging solutions and componentry. Today, Altor operates out of its corporate headquarters in Scottsdale, Arizona and 15 manufacturing facilities across North America. 
 We purchas ed Altor on February 15, 2018. 
 Industry 
 Altor competes in the broadly defined North American protective packaging market which we estimate was approximately 7.5 billion in 2023, with foam materials making up the largest component of this market. On the basis of product type, this market is segmented into rigid protective, flexible protective, and foam protective applications. Altor primarily competes in the North American foam protective packaging market which includes expanded polyurethane foams, loose fills, foam in place polyurethane, and molded foams products. Producers of molded foam products generally fall into two categories: block and shape. Block molders manufacture large blocks of EPS foam that are typically used as insulation in building products such as walls, roofs and floors and are closely tied to the construction market. Altor s acquisition of Plymouth Foam entered the company into this category. Shape molding, the majority of Altor s business, represents customized molded foam solutions for protective packaging applications, insulated shipping containers and internal parts and components for OEMs. Products made of EPS foam have broad applications across various end markets due to a unique combination of performance characteristics. The superior cushioning and barrier properties paired with insulating and hydrophobic properties make it an ideal lighter weight material for protective packaging of heavy or valuable goods as well as insulated shipping containers for temperature and moisture sensitive products. 
 Products, Customers and Distribution Channels 
 Products 
 Altor Solutions designs and manufactures a broad array of custom molded protective foam solutions and OEM components serving various end markets. Altor's molded foam products are predominately made of expandable polystyrene (EPS), which is a rigid, closed-cell foam. EPS is comprised of polystyrene, a thermoplastic derived from the styrene monomer and benzene, and an added expansion agent, usually pentane. The final shape mold finished product is 98 air and is created in a low-pressure press which heats EPS beads that expand and fill a customer-specific mold. Altor also uses other moldable materials including expandable polypropylene (EPP) and expandable polyethylene (EPE) depending on project and customer requirements. EPS foam is an environmentally friendly 
 45 

material that is fully recyclable, uses less energy to produce, generates fewer emissions and has less environmental impact than most competitive material options. 
 Altor Solutions custom-engineered molded foam products fall into four major categories: protective packaging, insulated shipping containers, OEM parts and componentry and fabricated foam. These products are used across a variety of end markets including consumer electronics, appliances, temperature-sensitive pharmaceuticals and food, automotive, home and office furnishings and building products among others. 
 Protective Packaging - Altor Solutions creates custom molded corner pads, edge pads, clear-view packages and other protective foam packaging solutions for durable goods such as large and counter-top appliances, heating, ventilation and air conditioning, furniture and military applications. Molded foam is an ideal protective packaging choice because it can be shaped into almost any form at tight tolerances and provides lightweight yet strong cushioning during product shipment. 
 Insulated Shipping Containers - Transporting healthcare and pharmaceutical products requires complex logistical processes, specific equipment, storage facilities and special handling procedures to maintain product integrity. These requirements make EPS foam an ideal material to be used in insulated shipping containers due to its thermal insulation, water impermeability and shock absorbing properties. Similar to its uses in the healthcare industry, Altor manufactures insulated shipping containers for online grocers and meal delivery services to transport prepared meals and perishable food and beverage products that must be shipped in a temperature-controlled environment. 
 OEM Parts and Componentry - Altor Solutions manufactures a variety of internal components used by OEMs as replacements for injection molded plastic or sheet metal parts across various end-markets. Compared to traditional plastic parts, foam offers vibration protection, insulation benefits, lower tooling costs and shorter lead times. Altor offers thin-wall molded air ducts and other internal components for household appliances such as refrigerators and air conditioners. In the automotive sector, Altor manufactures foam door panels, trunk liners, bumper components, instrument panels, center consoles, side pillars, seat components and head rests. Foam is increasingly being used in new vehicle designs because it offers equivalent impact strength and toughness to traditional chassis materials with 10 to 40 less weight. Altor also makes products used in personal watercraft flotation and seating parts as well as recreational vehicle roof panels and core laminates that go underneath aluminum outer skins. Lastly, Altor produces building products for the construction market including insulated concrete forms. Insulated concrete forms are hollow sections of molded foam that construction crews stack into the shape of the walls of a building and fill with concrete to create the permanent structure. 
 Fabricated Foam - Altor Solutions also uses a variety of methods including die cutting, saw cutting, hot wire slicing and pressure cutting to create fabricated foam shapes as opposed to molded shapes. These products do not require tooling or dies so there is less upfront costs for the customer and are usually best suited for medium to low volume projects. Fabricated foam products represent a small portion of Altor overall net sales. 
 Customers and Distribution Channels 
 Altor Solutions maintains a broad base of over 1,000 customers across a wide variety of end-markets, including appliances, pharmaceuticals, food and beverage, consumer electronics, automotive, furniture, building products and logistics. Altor's products are sold primarily direct to the customer or through third-party packaging distributors. Altor has maintained long-standing relationships with its top customers, often averaging ten or more years. Altor's three largest customers comprised approxim ately 32 , 30 , and 34 of net sales in the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Altor Solutions often maintains resin cost pass-through provisions with its contracted customers, allowing it to pass-through material resin price changes - resin constitutes its primary raw material cost. 
 46 

The following table sets forth Altor's customer breakdown by sector for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Appliance 34.1 34.3 37.1 Insulated shipping containers 34.0 31.6 35.6 Protective packaging 7.6 12.0 10.1 Construction 6.1 11.1 5.3 Office furniture 2.7 2.5 4.6 Automotive 1.3 4.1 3.5 Other 14.2 4.4 3.8 100 100 100 
 Business Strategies and Competitive Strengths 
 Business Strategies 
 Defend Market Position - As a leading supplier of custom molded foam solutions, management believes Altor enjoys strong brand awareness and a reputation for superior quality and service in the industry. In a market characterized by fragmented competition, Altor will continue to focus on providing a best in class suite of products and capabilities. 
 Remain Committed to Customers - Functional and error-free products are key considerations for its customers and Altor has maintained a disciplined approach to ensure its products meet the highest standard of quality. As a result of this strong quality assurance, Altor has had little customer attrition. 
 Pursue Selective Acquisitions - Altor Solutions views acquisitions as a potentially attractive means to expand its national footprint or broaden its current product offering. Management will continue to seek acquisitions of regional foam molders and other packaging suppliers where sales and operational efficiencies can be realized, and to diversify into packaging products other than molded foam. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 National Scale and Proximity to Customers - Altor Solutions maintains a national footprint of 15 manufacturing locations across North America. Facilities are strategically located near customers production locations enabling Altor to be one of only a few foam molders capable of serving large national accounts. Due to foam s high volume-to-weight ratio, foam manufacturers generally confine product shipments to a 300-mile radius in which shipping costs are economically viable. Thus, Altor is uniquely positioned to provide multi-facility support to its largest customers who often have multiple manufacturing or distribution locations. 
 Engineering and Design Capabilities - Altor Solutions has three coordinated design and testing centers with experienced packaging and mechanical engineers that work closely with customers to support packaging design needs. Engineering services include optimizing molds to meet customer needs and address complex design requirements, identifying pre-manufacturing challenges, solving post-manufacturing issues, improving packaging processes and laboratory testing final designs. Early customer involvement and collaboration to develop packaging solutions has resulted in increased project win rates and better visibility into product development pipelines. 
 Barriers to Entry 
 High Customer Switching Costs - The operational risk and disruption associated with switching existing molds to operate on a competitor s press makes shifting or splitting business between different shape molders difficult and infrequent. In general, most customers pay for their own molds, which are custom built for a specific molders presses. The financial cost of retooling is estimated to be 5,000 - 30,000 per mold, making it cost prohibitive to change molders on existing projects. 
 47 

Favorable Cost-to-value Proposition - The high cost of failure, relatively low proportionate cost of foam to the final product being protected, and a sometimes lengthy testing and qualification process represent significant barriers to customers changing solution providers or packaging material choices. 
 Equipment and Processing Infrastructure - Altor's existing base of production equipment has a significant estimated replacement cost. Management estimates the cost of opening a new shape molding facility at approximately 5 million, excluding real estate, and it must meet stringent environmental standards. A new entrant could require as much as 1-2 years of lead time to match the process performance requirements, customization of equipment and material formulations necessary to effectively compete in the molded foam industry. Moreover, Altor has a strong preventive maintenance program and in-house equipment division that is responsible for repairing and rebuilding presses. This allows Altor to significantly extend the average useful life of its machinery and reduce the ongoing capital investment requirements, creating an advantage over competitors. 
 Suppliers and Manufacturing 
 The primary raw materials that are used in production are plastic resins, such as expandable polystyrene (EPS), expandable polypropylene (EPP) and expandable polyethylene (EPE). In addition to plastic resins, Altor also purchases fabricating material including blocks of EPE and EPP foam, polyethylene and urethane, as well as other packaging materials including corrugate, boxes, paperboard, tape and plastic film. Altor purchases its materials from a combination of domestic and foreign suppliers and has maintained strong relationships with key resin suppliers for over 30 years. Adequate amounts of all raw materials have been available in the past, and Altor's management believes this will continue in the foreseeable future. 
 Altor m aintains 15 manufacturing facilities across North America with 13 located in the U.S. and 2 in Mexi co, as well as one non-manufacturing corporate headquarters. Given the high volume, low density nature of foam, Altor's manufacturing facilities are strategically located near its largest customers production locations to minimize freight and logistics costs. Altor's geographic footprint covers a large portion of the continental U.S. and Mexico. Each plant has a warehouse space for raw materials, supplies and finished goods. Several plants also use third-party warehousing to store excess inventory. Altor uses common carriers to deliver finished product and in certain cases, some customers pick up directly from the plants. 
 Regulatory Environment 
 Altor's manufacturing operations and facilities are subject to federal, state and local environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations. These include laws and regulations governing air emissions, wastewater discharge and the storage and handling of chemicals and hazardous materials. 
 Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2023, Altor employed 792 full-time employees. None of Altor's U.S.-based employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. Under Mexican Federal Labor Law, 92 employees at the two Mexican manufacturing facilities are unionized. Altor believes its relationship with its employees is go od. 
 
 Arnold 
 Overview 
 Headquartered in Rochester, New York, Arnold serves a variety of markets including aerospace and defense, general industrial, motorsport/transportation, oil and gas, medical, energy, reprographics and advertising specialties. Over the course of more than 100 years, Arnold has successfully evolved and adapted its products, technologies, and manufacturing presence to meet the demands of current and emerging markets. Arnold has expanded globally and built strong relationships with its customers worldwide. As a result, Arnold provides its customers with new and innovative materials and solutions that empowers them to develop next generation technologies. Arnold is the largest and, we believe, the most technically advanced U.S. manufacturer of engineered magnetic systems. Arnold is one of two domestic producers to optimize, engineer and manufacture rare earth magnetic solutions. Arnold serves customers and generates revenues via four business units: 
 PMAG - Permanent Magnets and Assemblies Group- Arnold s high performance permanent magnets have a wide variety of applications, mainly used for rotating electrical machinery such as motor and generators. Industries served include aerospace and defense, energy exploration, industrial , motorsport and medical. 
 48 

Electric Motors - Low-to-mid volume AC induction, Switched Reluctance, and Brushless DC stators, rotors, and rotor shaft assemblies. Finished motors range from under 1kW through 1MW for aerospace and defense, industrial, energy, hybrid electric platforms and energy exploration. 
 Precision Thin Metals - Produces thin and ultra-thin alloys that improve the power density electrical systems such as motors, generators, and transformers along with thin foils for other applications such as electromagnetic shielding, radio frequency shielding, lightweight structures, and implantable structures. Industries served include aerospace and defense, industrial, energy exploration, and medical. 
 Flexmag - High quality flexible magnetic sheet and strip, Flexmag products not only are magnetic but their processing capabilities allow for loading of a variety of materials into their flexible sheet products. Industries served include protective magnetic barriers, electromagnetic shielding, radio frequency shielding, advertising specialties, industrial, medical, and transportation. 
 Arnold operates 11 manufacturing facilities worldwide but functions as One Arnold. The facilities are split under the four business units shown above along with prototyping and advanced technology development through its Technology Center. In 2022, Arnold expanded its tech center operations to Europe. 
 History of Arnold 
 Arnold was founded in 1895 as the Arnold Electric Power Station Company. Arnold began producing AlNiCo permanent magnets in its Marengo, Illinois facility in the mid-1930s. In 1946, Allegheny Ludlum Steel Corporation (Allegheny) purchased Arnold, and over the next few years began production of several additional magnetic product lines under license agreement with the Western Electric Company. In 1970, Arnold acquired Ogallala Electronics, which manufactured high power coils and electromagnets. 
 SPS Technologies (SPS), at the time a publicly traded company, purchased Arnold Engineering Company from Allegheny in 1986. Under SPS, Arnold made a series of acquisitions and partnerships to expand its portfolio and geographic reach. In 2003, Precision Castparts, also a publicly traded company, acquired SPS. In January 2005, Audax, a Boston-based private equity firm acquired Arnold from Precision Castparts. 
 In February 2007, Arnold Magnetic Technologies completed the acquisition of Precision Magnetics, which expanded its geographic footprint to include operations in Sheffield, England and Lupfig, Switzerland. In addition, Arnold s Lupfig, Switzerland operation is a joint venture partner with a Chinese rare earth producer. The joint venture manufactures RECOMA Samarium Cobalt blocks for select markets. 
 In 2016, Arnold developed and launched the world s strongest Samarium Cobalt magnet grade, RECOMA 35E, that enables significant opportunity for increased performance in smaller packages, and at higher temperatures, with no trade off in stability. 
 Through 2018 and 2019, Arnold deployed more advanced material from its PTM group such as Arnon 2 and 4 gauge electrical steels along with advanced performance molypermalloy metals. Advancements from the PMAG group during this same timeframe were targeted at magnet retention in high performance applications. The result of this hard work was the development of Carbon Fiber sleeving capabilities at its Sheffield UK facility. Lastly, Flexmag also introduced customized highly loaded composite materials for a variety of applications. 
 In 2021, Arnold acquired Ramco Electric Motors, Inc. ("Ramco"), a provider of custom electric motor solutions for general industrial, aerospace and defense and oil and gas end markets. Ramco's complementary product portfolio will allow Arnold to offer more comprehensive, turn-key solutions to their customers. 
 In 2022, Arnold expanded tech center operations to Europe. 
 We purchased a majority interest in Arnold on March 5, 2012. 
 Industry 
 Permanent Magnets - There exists a broad range of permanent magnets which include Rare Earth Magnets and magnets made from specialty magnetic alloys. Magnets produced from these materials may be sliced, ground, coated and magnetized to customer requirements. Those industry players with the broadest portfolio of these magnets, such as Arnold, maintain a significant competitive advantage over competitors as they are able to offer one-stop shop capabilities to customers. Management believes that being a manufacturer of these magnets, subject to patent rights, is another critical market advantage. 
 49 

Magnetic Assemblies - Arnold offers complex, customized value added magnetic assemblies. These assemblies are used in devices such as motors, generators, beam focusing arrays, sensors, and solenoid actuators. Magnetic assembly production capabilities include machined metal components, magnet fabrication, machining, encapsulation or sleeving, balancing, and field mapping. 
 Electric Motors There exists a global demand for electric motors. Arnold is a manufacturer for low-to-mid volume AC induction, Switched Reluctance, and Brushless DC stators, rotors, and rotor shaft assemblies. Arnold works with companies of all sizes: from small businesses and medium-sized companies all the way to Fortune 500s. The industry exists wherever electrical energy needs conversion to mechanical use. 
 Precision Strip and Foil - Precision rolled thin metal foil products are manufactured from a wide range of materials for use in applications such as transformers, motor laminations, lightweight structures, shielding, and composite structures. They have the unique processing capability to roll foils as thin as 2.5 microns while providing critical heat treatment maintaining competitive material properties. Once completed the product is coated if necessary and is slit to the application width. 
 Flexible Magnets - Flexible magnet products span the range of applications from advertising (refrigerator magnets and displays) to medical applications (needle counters) to sealing and holding applications (door gaskets). Other applications include Electromagnetic or Radio Frequency Shielding for high end electronics. 
 Products, Customers and Distribution Channels 
 Products 
 Permanent Magnets and Assemblies Group - Arnold s Permanent Magnets and Assemblies Group (PMAG) is a leading global manufacturer of precision magnetic assemblies and high-performance magnets. The group s products include tight tolerance assemblies consisting of many dozens of components and employing RECOMA SmCo, Neo, and AlNiCo magnets. These products are sold to a wide range of industries including aerospace and defense, motorsport/ transportation, oil and gas, medical, general industrial, energy and reprographics. Arnold has established a reputation in the magnetic industry as the engineering solutions provider, assisting customers to ensure their critical assemblies meet expectations. 
 PMAG is Arnold s largest business unit representing approximately 57 of Arnold sales on an annualized basis (including Reprographics) with a global footprint including manufacturing facilities in the U.S., U.K., Switzerland, and China. 
 PMAG Products and Applications: 
 High precision magnetic rotors for use in electric motors and generators. Typically used in demanding applications such as aerospace and defense, oil and gas exploration, energy recovery systems, power dense medical equipment, and transportation applications 
 Sealed pump couplings 
 Beam focusing assemblies such as traveling wave tubes 
 Oil Gas exploration tools as well as pipeline inspection and down hole power generation 
 Linear positioning Hall effect sensor systems 
 Rare Earth Magnets 
 Samarium Cobalt (SmCo) - SmCo magnets are typically used in critical applications that require corrosion resistance or high temperature stability, such as motors, generators, actuators and sensors. Arnold markets its SmCo magnets under the trade name of RECOMA , and is DFARS (Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation) compliant. 
 Neodymium (Neo) - Neo magnets offer the highest magnetic energy level of any material in the market. Applications include motors and generators, magnetic resonance imaging, magnetic inspection systems, sensors and loudspeakers. 
 50 

Other Permanent Magnet Types 
 AlNiCo - The AlNiCo family of magnets remains a preferred material for many mission critical applications. Its favorable linear temperature characteristics, high magnetic flux density and good corrosion resistance are ideally suited for use in applications requiring magnetic stability. This material is manufactured by Arnold in the United States, making it a DFARS compliant material. 
 Hard Ferrite - Hard ferrite (ceramic) magnets were developed as a low cost alternative to metallic magnets (steel and AlNiCo). Although they exhibit lower energy when compared to other materials available today and are relatively brittle, ferrite magnets have gained acceptance due to their low price per magnetic output. 
 Injection Molded - Injection molded magnets are a composite of various types of resin and magnetic powders. The physical and magnetic properties of the product depend on the raw materials, but are generally lower in magnetic strength and resemble plastics in their physical properties. However, a major benefit of the injection molding process is that magnet material can be injection or over-molded, eliminating subsequent manufacturing steps. 
 Electric Motors 
 Arnold manufactures electric motors and related components for use in industrial, military, and aerospace applications and represents approximately 23 of Arnold sales on an annualized basis. Arnold's Electric Motor division is a trusted partner, supplying high-quality, electrical components and assemblies to many well-known brands in the industrial and aerospace industries. Arnold's competent, trained staff are committed to engineering solutions together with its customers and ensuring their satisfaction. 
 Electric Motors Products and Applications: 
 Stator Manufacturing 
 AC DC Stators 
 Stator Core Construction 
 Stator Construction 
 Varnishing 
 Rotor Manufacturing 
 AC Induction 
 DC Permeant 
 Switched Reluctance 
 Rotor Shaft Assembly 
 In House Machine Shop 
 Rotor Balancing 
 Motor Assembly 
 Complete Motor Assembly 
 Applications for electric motors span all industries. Arnold is a trusted supplier for technologies such as hybrid and electric transportation motors, aerospace and defense power generation, HVAC fan motors, marine propulsions and stabilization technologies, vertical lift motors and many others. 
 Precision Thin Metals 
 Arnold s precision thin metals group manufactures precision thin strip and foil products from an array of materials and represents approximately 8 of Arnold sales on an annualized basis. The Precision Thin Metals group serves the aerospace and defense, power transmission, alternative energy (hybrids, wind, battery, solar), medical, security, and general industrial end-markets. Precision Thin Metals has developed unique processing capabilities that allow it to produce foils and strip with precision and quality that are unmatched in the industry (down to 1/10th thickness of a human hair). In addition, the group s facility is capable of increasing production from current levels with its existing equipment and is, we believe, well-positioned to realize future growth. 
 51 

Precision Thin Metals - Products and Applications: 
 Electrical steels for hybrid propulsion systems, electric motors, and micro turbines 
 Electromagnetic and Radio Frequency Shielding 
 Lightweight structures for aerospace applications 
 Irradiation windows 
 Batteries 
 Military countermeasures 
 Flexmag 
 Arnold is one of two North American manufacturers of flexible rubber magnets for specialty advertising, industrial, medical, and reprographic applications. Flexmag represented approximately 12 of Arnold sales on an annualized basis. It primarily sells its products to specialty advertisers and original equipment manufacturers. With highly automated manufacturing processes, Flexmag can accommodate customers required short lead times. Flexmag benefits from a loyal customer base and significant barriers to entry in the industry. Flexmag s success is driven by superior customer service, and proprietary formulations offering enhanced product performance. 
 Flexmag - Products and Applications: 
 Extruded and calendared flexible rubber magnets with optional laminated printable substrates 
 Electromagnetic and Radio Frequency Shielding 
 Retail displays 
 Theft detection/ security 
 Seals and enclosures 
 Signage for various advertising and promotions 
 Existing End-Markets and Geographies 
 Aerospace and Defense - In the aerospace and defense sector, Arnold is selling electric motor components, magnets, magnetic assemblies and ultra-thin foil solutions. Specifically, in the aerospace industry, Arnold s assemblies have been designed into products, which enables Arnold to benefit from the market growth and a healthy flow of business based on current airframe orders. Through its OEM customers, many new commercial aircraft placed in service contain assemblies produced by Arnold. Arnold s sales to large aerospace and defense manufacturers includes magnetic assemblies used in applications such as motors and generators, actuators, trigger mechanisms, and guidance systems, as well as magnets for these and other uses. In addition, it sells its ultra-thin foil for use in military countermeasures, lightweight structures, brazing alloys, and motor laminations. 
 General Industrial - Within the industrial sector, Arnold provides electric motors, magnet assemblies as well as magnets for custom made motor systems. These include stepper motors, pick and place robotic systems, and new designs that are increasingly being required by regulation to meet energy efficiency standards. An example is a motor utilizing Arnold s bonded magnets for use in commercial refrigeration systems. Arnold also produces magnetic couplings for seal-less pumps used in chemical and oil gas applications that allow chemical companies to meet environmental requirements. 
 Motorsport / Transportation - Arnold produces high performance motor components and sub-assemblies for motorsport and transportation applications, such as the Kinetic Energy Recovery System, which includes a composite sleeved RECOMA SmCo magnet rotor for a high speed, high power system and Electric Turbo Chargers that operate at greater than 100,000 RPM. Further emerging magnetic applications include electric traction drives, regenerative braking systems, starter generators, and electric turbo charging. As much of this technology utilizes magnetic systems, Arnold expects to benefit from this trend. 
 Oil and Gas - Arnold currently provides magnets and precision assemblies for use in oil and gas exploration and production, applications which typically require exceptional collaboration and co-development with its customers. Arnold supplies products used in applications such as electric submersible pumps, oil well shutoff valves, down-hole logging while drilling tooling, and a down-hole magnetic transfer coupling. Other applications for which Arnold is actively involved include pipeline inspection, wireless tomography tools, and chip collection. 
 52 

Medical - Within the medical sector, Arnold provides magnetic assemblies, magnets, flexible magnets, and ultrathin foils. Its magnet assemblies and magnets are critical parts of motor systems for dental instruments as well as saws and grinders. Magnet assemblies are also provided for skin expansion systems, shunt valves, and position sensors. Its Precision Thin Metals business unit provides precision titanium used for implantable devices. 
 Energy - Arnold s Precision Thin Metals group supplies grain-oriented silicon steel produced with proprietary methods for use in transformers and inductors. These cores allow for the production of very efficient transformers and inductors while minimizing size. In addition, Arnold s magnet solutions can be found in advanced automatic circuit re-closer solutions that substantially reduce the stress on system components on the grid. Arnold s solutions are also present in new power storage systems. The permanent magnet bearings used in new designs improve the efficiency of the flywheel energy storage system. 
 Customers and Distribution Channels 
 Arnold s focus on customer service and product quality has resulted in a broad base of customers in a variety of end markets. Products are used in applications such as aerospace and defense, motorsport / transportation, oil and gas, medical, general industrial, energy, reprographics, and advertising specialties. 
 The following table sets forth management s estimate of Arnold s approximate customer breakdown by industry sector for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021: 
 Customer Distribution Industry Sector 2023 2022 2021 Aerospace and Defense 32 28 38 General Industrial 29 30 29 Motorsport/ transportation 18 16 14 Advertising specialties 5 7 5 Oil and Gas 5 6 4 Medical 3 2 2 Energy 2 3 3 Reprographic 2 3 2 All Other Sectors Combined 4 5 3 Total 100 100 100 
 Arnold has a large and diverse, blue-chip customer base. Sales to Arnold s top ten customer s were 29 for the year ended December 31, 2023, 27 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 35 of total sales for the year ended December 31, 2021. In 2023 and 2022, no individual customer represented more than 10 of Arnold's net revenues. In 2021, one customer represented approximately 14 of Arnold's net revenues. 
 Arnold had firm backlog orders totaling approximately 83.4 million a nd 82.7 million, respectively, at December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Business Strategies and Competitive Strengths 
 Business Strategies 
 Engineering and Product Development - Arnold s engineers work closely with the customer to provide system solutions, representing a significant competitive advantage. Arnold s engineering expertise is leveraged with state-of-the-art technology across the various business units located in North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. Arnold s engineers work with customers on a global basis to optimize designs, guide material choices, and create magnetic models resulting in Arnold s products being specified into customer designs. 
 Arnold has a talented and experienced engineering staff of design and application experts, quality personnel and technicians. Included in this team are engineers with backgrounds in materials science, physics, and metallurgical engineering. Other members of the team bring backgrounds in ceramics, mechanical engineering, chemical engineering and electrical engineering. 
 Arnold continues to be an industry leader with regard to new product formulations and innovations. As evidence of this, Arnold currently relies on a deep portfolio of trade secrets and proprietary intellectual property. Arnold 
 53 

continuously endeavors to introduce electromagnetic solutions that exceed the performance of current offerings and meet customer design specifications. 
 Growth in Arnold s business is primarily focused in three areas: 
 Growing market share in existing end-markets and geographies, with a focus on aerospace and defense, niche industrial systems, and oil and gas; 
 Vertical integration through new products and technologies; and 
 Completing opportunistic acquisitions and partnerships to reduce product introduction and market penetration time. 
 Competitive Landscape 
 The specialty magnetic systems industry is highly fragmented, creating a competitive landscape with a variety of magnetic component manufacturers. However, few have the breadth of capabilities that Arnold possesses. Manufacturers compete on the basis of technical innovation, co-development capabilities, time-to-market, quality, geographic reach and total cost of ownership. Industry competitors relevant to Arnold s served markets range from large multinational manufacturers to small, regional participants. Given these dynamics, we believe the industry will likely favor players that are able to achieve vertical integration and a diversification of offerings across a breadth of products along with magnet engineering and design expertise. The focus will be engineering solutions together with its customers. 
 Barriers to Entry 
 Low Substitution Risk Arnold s solutions are typically specified into its customers program designs through a co-development and qualification process that often takes 6-18 months. Arnold s customers are typically contractors and component manufacturers whose products are integrated into end-customers applications. The high cost of failure, relatively low proportionate cost of magnets to the final product, sometimes lengthy testing and qualification process, and substantial upfront co-engineering investment required, represent significant barriers to customers changing solution providers such as Arnold. 
 Equipment and Processing Arnold s existing base of production equipment has a significant estimated replacement cost. A new entrant could require as much as 2-3 years of lead time to match the process performance requirements, customization of equipment and material formulations necessary to effectively compete in the specialty magnet industry. Further, given the program nature of a majority Arnold s sales, management estimates that it could take 5-10 years to build a sufficient book of business and base of institutional knowledge to generate positive cash flow out of a new manufacturing plant. 
 Competition 
 Management believes the following companies represent Arnold s top competitors: 
 Vacuumschmelze Gruner 
 Dexter Magnetic Technologies 
 Electron Energy Corp 
 Magnum Magnetics Corporation 
 Thomas Skinner 
 Suppliers and Manufacturing 
 Raw materials utilized by Arnold include neodymium, samarium, dysprosium, nickel and cobalt, stainless steel shafts, Inconel sleeves, adhesives, laminates, aluminum extrusions and binders. Although Arnold considers its relationships with vendors to be strong, Arnold s management team also maintains a variety of alternative sources of comparable quality, quantity and price. The management team therefore believes that it is not dependent upon any single vendor to meet its sourcing needs. Arnold is generally able to pass through material costs to its customers and believes that in the event of significant price increases by vendors that it could pass the increases to its customers. 
 Arnold has a wide variety of manufacturing capabilities. For permanent magnets and assemblies our magnets are produced and fabricated utilizing personnel, skills, tools, and specific machinery to convert raw materials into finished magnet and then integration of those magnets and machines components into devices or sub-assemblies. 
 54 

Orders are all built to specific customer needs and distributed directly from our manufacturing facilities located worldwide. 
 Research and Development 
 Arnold has a core research and development team with extensive industry experience located at its Technology Center. In addition to the Technology Center, a large number of other Arnold staff members assigned to the business units contribute to the research and development effort at various stages. Product development also includes collaborating with customers and field testing. This feedback helps ensure products will meet Arnold s demanding standards of excellence as well as the constantly changing needs of end users. Arnold s research and development activities are supported by state-of-the-art engineering software design tools, integrated manufacturing facilities and a performance testing center equipped to ensure product safety, durability and superior performance. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Arnold currently relies on a deep portfolio of trade secrets and proprietary intellectual property. 
 Patents 
 Arnold currently has 2 patents in force in the United States, 1 patent in force in Europe and 1 patent in force in Japan. 
 Trademarks 
 Arnold currently has 86 trademarks, 12 of which are in the U.S. The most notable trademarked items are the following: RECOMA , PLASTIFORM , FLEXMAG ARNOLD . Application dates for various trademarks date back to as early as 1960. 
 Regulatory Environment 
 Arnold s domestic manufacturing and assembly operations and its facilities are subject to evolving Federal, state and local environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations. These include laws and regulations governing air emissions, wastewater discharge and the storage and handling of chemicals and hazardous substances. Arnold s foreign manufacturing and assembly operations are also subject to local environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations. New requirements, more stringent application of existing requirements, or discovery of previously unknown environmental conditions could result in material environmental expenditures in the future. 
 Arnold is a major producer of both Samarium Cobalt permanent magnets under its brand name RECOMA and Alnico (in both cast and sintered forms). Both materials from Arnold meet the current Berry Amendment or Defense Federal Acquisition Regulations Systems (DFARS) requirements per clause 252.225.7014 further described under 10 U.S.C. 2533b. This provision covers the protection of strategic materials critical to national security. These magnet types are considered specialty metals under these regulations. 
 Human Capital 
 Arnold is led by a capable management team of industry veterans that possess a balanced combination of industry experience and operational expertise. Arnold employed approximately 782 hourly and salaried employees located throughout North America, Europe and Asia at December 31, 2023. Arnold s employees are compensated at levels commensurate with industry standards, based on their respective position and job grade. 
 Arnold s workforce is non-union except for approximately 66 hourly employees at its Marengo, Illinois facilities, which are represented by the International Association of Machinists (IAM). Arnold enjoys good labor relations with its employees and union and has a three year contract in place with the IAM, which will expire in June 2025. 
 
 Sterno 
 Overview 
 SternoCandleLamp Holdings, Inc. ("Sterno"), headquartered in Plano, Texas, is the parent company of Sterno Products, LLC ("Sterno Products") and Rimports, LLC ("Rimports"). Sterno operates via two product divisions: 
 Sterno Products - Sterno Products offers a broad range of wick and gel chafing fuels, liquid and traditional wax candles, butane stoves and accessories, and catering equipment and lamps for restaurants, hotel and 
 55 

home entertainment uses, selling both Sterno brand and private label. As a leading supplier of canned heat to foodservice distributors and foodservice group purchasing organizations, Sterno is always pursuing end-user solutions and innovations to strengthen its position in the marketplace. 
 Rimports - Rimports is a manufacturer and distributor of branded and private label wickless candle products used for home decor and fragrance systems under the ScentSationals, AmbiEscents, Oak Rye, Fusion and Ador brands. The company offers unique lines of wickless candle products including ceramic wax warmers, scented wax cubes, fragrance oils, essential oils, and diffusers. Rimports also sells flameless candles, lanterns, and outdoor lighting. Sterno acquired Rimports in February 2018. During the first quarter of 2022, Sterno completed the product lines integration of Sterno Home Inc. Sterno Home with Rimports to leverage the capabilities of Rimports operations for profitability and growth. Previously, Sterno Home was a separate product division of Sterno whose product offerings include flameless candles, traditional house and garden lighting including path lights, spotlights, and security lights. 
 History of Sterno 
 Sterno s history dates back to 1893 when S. Sternau Co. began making chafing dishes and coffee percolators in Tenafly, New Jersey. In 1914, S. Sternau Co. introduced canned heat with the launch of its gelled ethanol product under the Sterno brand. Since then, the Sternau and Sterno names have been the most well-known names in portable food warming fuel. In 1917, S. Sternau Co. was renamed The Sterno Corporation. During World War I, Sterno portable stoves were promoted as an essential gift for soldiers going to fight in the trenches of Europe. Sterno stoves heated water and rations, sterilized surgical instruments, and provided light and warmth in bunkers and foxholes. During World War II, Sterno produced ethanol and methanol chafing fuels under contract with the U.S. military. Sterno's production facilities were moved from New Jersey to Texarkana, Texas in the early 1980s. In 2012, Sterno merged with the Candle Lamp Company, LLC ("CandleLamp"). CandleLamp, founded in Riverside, California in 1978, focused initially on the liquid wax candle market. Over the next several decades, CandleLamp began to supply chafing fuel in addition to lighting products. 
 In 2016, Sterno expanded their product offering with the acquisition of Northern International Inc. ("Sterno Home"). The success in the outdoor lighting of an innovative use of LED technology evolved into the development of patented flameless candle product line. In February 2018, Sterno acquired Rimports, a manufacturer and distributor of branded and private label wickless candle products used for home decor and fragrance systems. Rimports offers unique lines of wickless candle products including ceramic wax warmers, scented wax cubes and essential oil and diffusers. In 2022, the combination of Sterno Home and Rimports created opportunities for cost savings and strong business synergies. 
 Today, Sterno operates out of its corporate headquarters in Plano, Texas, two manufacturing facilities in Texarkana, Texas and Memphis, Tennessee, and the Rimports facility in Provo, Utah. 
 We purchased Sterno on October 10, 2014. 
 Industry 
 Sterno Products competes in the broadly defined U.S. foodservice industry where historically restaurant, catering and hospitality sales have accounted for a majority of the market with the remainder comprised of the travel and leisure, education and healthcare related sales. The Sterno Products product offerings focus on safe, portable fire solutions for cooking and warming, as well as tabletop lighting d cor. 
 Rimports operates in the broad North American and United Kingdom home decor space (retail) which is heavily correlated to general consumer spending. Flameless and reusable wax products have seen increased adoption by younger consumers who prioritize economical and environmentally friendly products. Within the home decor space, Rimports competes in the U.S. candle space and the U.S. home fragrance space, and, with the integration of Sterno Home, has added the flameless candles, lanterns and outdoor lighting industry. Management believes that a rise in demand from high-income households and businesses will bolster growth, with consumers spending more money on the cocooning trend and specifically on beautifying their indoor and outdoor home, changing out trendy accent items more frequently and investing in more spacious and comfortable outdoor spaces with many equivalent amenities of their indoor spaces. 
 56 

Sterno is a full-line supplier offering a broad array of portable chafing fuels, table lighting, outdoor lighting products, wickless candles and fragrance products with approximately 4000 SKUs serving the foodservice and retail markets. Sterno originally focused on chafing fuel canned heat products and later expanded its offerings to include table ambiance products such as liquid wax, wax candles and votive lamps, as well as outdoor lighting with the acquisition of Sterno Home in 2016, and wax cubes and warmer products through its acquisition of Rimports. Sterno s products fall into six major categories: canned heat, catering equipment and butane products, table lighting, flameless candles and outdoor lighting, wickless candle and fragrance products. 
 Products, Customers and Distribution Channels 
 Products 
 Canned Heat - The canned heat product line is composed of various chafing fuels packaged in small, portable cans. The portable warming (canned heat) line is composed of wick-based and gel-based chafing fuels packaged in steel cans. These products are used by foodservice professionals in a variety of food serving and holding applications and are designed to keep food products at an optimal food-safe serving temperature of 140-165 Fahrenheit. The canned heat product line is composed of two subcategories: wick chafing fuel and gel chafing fuel. The subcategories are distinguished based on the type of chafing fuel being used; the four primary chafing fuels are diethylene glycol DEG ), propylene glycol, ethanol and methanol. Each fuel contains unique characteristics and properties that allow the Company to offer a broad array of configurations to suit varying user requirements. 
 Wick Chafing Fuel - The wick chafing fuel line Wick is composed of either DEG or propylene glycol chafing fuel. DEG and propylene glycol chafing fuels with advance wick technology have higher heat output than alternatives such as ethanol and methanol. The liquid Wick products feature a variety of wick types and burn times to meet the specific needs of the user. Wick fuels are clean burning, biodegradable, nonflammable if spilled (will not ignite without a wick) and the can stays cool to the touch when lit. 
 Gel Chafing Fuel - The gel chafing fuel line Gel is composed of either gelled ethanol or gelled methanol chafing fuel. Ethanol chafing fuel has a higher heat output than methanol fuel; both ethanol and methanol fuels have lower heat output than some DEG and propylene glycol products. The Gel product line tends to have shorter burn times than the Wick product. 
 For an environmentally preferred chafing fuel, the Company offers a patented line of Green chafing fuels featuring USDA Certified Biobased Product formulas. The Green Heat and Green Wick products perform similar to the Wick and Gel chafing fuels, but are made from renewable resources that are more environmentally friendly. 
 Catering Equipment - Catering equipment products are designed to provide a complete commercial catering solution whether indoor or outdoor. Products include chafing dish frames and lids, wind guards and buffet sets. 
 Butane - Sterno produces a full line of professional quality portable butane stoves, ideal for action stations, made-to-order omelet lines, tableside and off-site cooking, outdoor events and more. Products also include select butane accessories for special culinary applications such as the culinary torch. Sterno butane fuel comes with an additional safety feature called Countersink Release Vent (CRV) Technology. 
 Table Lighting - Sterno sells a variety of items designed to enhance lighting and ambiance at meal settings which are critical to a customer s experience. Products include liquid wax, traditional hard wax and flameless electronic candles, as well as votive lamps, shaded lamps and accent lamps. 
 Flameless Candles and Outdoor Lighting - Sterno offers a wide selection of lighting for your home, garden, patio and yard with over 1000 SKU's available in its retail markets. All of Sterno's products are powered by one of the following - 1) Solar - solar panel with rechargeable power source - usually a rechargeable battery; 2) Battery - battery operated; 3) Plug-in - plugs directly into a regular wall socket either with 2 or 3 prong plug and with or without included and attached transformer; 4) Low Voltage - part of a set which includes a stand-alone transformer. Fixtures connect through a stand-alone wire via clip connectors; 5) Line Voltage - hardwired into a home's electrical circuitry, or 6) Rechargeable - product is recharged when empty usually through a plug-in wire and an onboard rechargeable power source. 
 Flameless Candles - The flameless candle product line is made up of various types and sizes of candles with all of them sharing the one main attribute: their glow is powered by an artificial power source, most often battery. This makes them inherently safer than traditional candles as there is no flame or even heat 
 57 

generated to cause any type of accidents. Although pillar type candles are the most common shape, Sterno also designs and manufactures votives, tealights, tapers as well as specialty molded candles. Sterno candles stand out from the competition as they are the only manufacturer that offers the patented black wick. Sterno also developed its unique algorithm-based light circuit which gives the candle a naturally random flicker and glow. 
 Landscape Lighting - Landscape lighting is lighting that promotes and accentuates elements of a consumer s home, yard or garden so its beauty can be enjoyed both in daytime and nighttime. Another benefit of landscape lighting is added safety as it is easier to navigate around a home at night when it is reasonably well-lit. Landscape lighting was originally most commonly powered through a low voltage setup but as solar technologies have rapidly developed, many of these fixtures can achieve their lighting purposes with only a solar panel for power generation. Consumers with higher and more consistent lighting requirements most often opt for low voltage kits using wire and transformers to light their fixtures. Solar powered fixtures are advantageous for those consumers looking for cheaper and quicker to set up lighting solutions even if it often means less lumens and light. Another notable technology has been the development of LED lighting. LED s more efficient power generation technology has allowed for advantageous fixture designs and a higher level of power generation which were not easy or as cost effective to achieve as with legacy lighting technologies such as incandescent or halogen. LEDs also last longer and are generally more robust than older technologies. 
 D cor Lighting - D cor lighting has similar functions to landscape lighting but is usually less about safety and functionality and more about accenting an area of the outside home with ornamentation of some sort. With a d cor piece, the light the piece gives off and the item itself together become elements of beauty in the setting. Because these items are very trend driven, consumers are more apt to switch them out more often therefore increasing repeat purchase potential and other recurrent sales opportunities for Sterno. Some of the most common categories of d cor lighting are lanterns and baskets and string lighting. 
 Wickless Candle and Fragrance Products 
 Wax Warmers and Scented Wax Cubes - The wax and wax warmer line is composed of a large variety of fragrance and warmer design choices for consumers. The wax cubes are long-lasting and consistently release strong fragrance. The scented wax cubes are at a price point whereby they are an impulse item, making it easy and quick for the customer to change fragrances. The flameless feature is a plus in that it is very safe. The proprietary formula and world-class fragrances add to the high quality of the domestically-made products. We believe ongoing research contributes to consumer loyalty, superior quality, and well-rounded fragrance programs. The wax warmers are made up of quality materials including wood, metal, ceramic, and glass. 
 Essential Oils and Diffusers - The 100 Pure Essential Oil lines and brands consists of Peppermint, Lavender, Lemon, Eucalyptus, Sweet Orange, Grapefruit, Tea tree, Cinnamon, etc. Customers are attracted to high quality, 100 percent pure oil products with no additives or fillers. Attractively designed diffusers appeal to consumers in the Aromatherapy Home Fragrance section. 
 ScentCharms - With various interchangeable high-quality fragrance oils and plug-in designs, consumers enjoy a personalized experience. The product is designed to be no spill, no mess, clutter-free, and long-lasting. 
 Aromatherapy Products - The aromatherapy line consists of room sprays, liquid hand soaps, foaming hand soaps, hand sanitizers, body lotions, and body scrubs, etc. The five unique fragrance combinations - lavender and chamomile, eucalyptus and rosemary, orange and vanilla, lemon and grapefruit, and peppermint and geranium - are made with 100 percent pure essential oils. 
 Customers and Distribution Channels 
 Sterno's products are sold primarily through the foodservice and consumer retail channels. Sterno s product distribution network is comprised of long-standing, entrenched relationships with a diversified set of customers. Sterno s top ten customers comprised approximat ely 70 , 71 , and 71 of gross sales in the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Foodservice - The foodservice channel consists of multiple layers of distribution comprised of broadline distributors, equipment and supply dealers and cash and carry dealers. Within the foodservice channel, Sterno s products are predominantly used in the restaurant, lodging/hospitality and catering markets. 
 58 

Retail - The retail channel consists of club stores, mass merchants, specialty retailers, grocers and national and regional DIY stores. The Company s retail products are used in home, camping and emergency applications. The Company s retail products appeal to a wide variety of consumers, from home entertainers to recreational campers and extreme outdoorsmen. Online retail sales are also an important channel for Sterno and Rimports. With an online dynamic, it is also much easier to showcase how Sterno s and Rimport's products look in actual dark use conditions, directly addressing their primary merchandising challenge. 
 The following table sets forth Sterno s gross revenue by product for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year ended December 31, Gross sales by product (1) 
 2023 2022 2021 Canned Heat 38 35 21 Wickless Candle Products 29 32 40 Table Lighting 5 5 3 Flameless Candle and Outdoor Lighting 4 6 13 Diffusers and Essential Oils 4 5 6 Other 20 17 17 100 100 100 
 (1) As a percentage of gross sales, exclusive of sale discounts. 
 Sterno had ap proximately 12.5 million and 15.2 million in firm backlog orders at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Business Strategies and Competitive Strengths 
 Business Strategies 
 Defend Leading Market Position - As a leading supplier of canned fuels, flameless candles and outdoor lighting, wickless candles and fragrance products, Sterno places great value in delivering unmatched customer service and product selection. In a market characterized by fragmented categories and competition, Sterno will continue to focus on providing the best in class service to its customers. Sterno Products has been the recipient of numerous vendor awards for its high degree of customer service. 
 Pursue Selective Acquisitions - Sterno views acquisitions as a potentially attractive means to expand its product offerings in the foodservice and retail channels as well as enter new international markets. 
 Expand Retail Distribution - Sterno s management believes that there is an opportunity to leverage the iconic nature of the Sterno brand to expand its retail product offering and to expand distribution into additional retailers. 
 Create Innovative Products - Having innovative design, marketing, and production teams enables Rimports to expand into new fragrance systems markets, as it has done with Essential Oil Diffusers and ScentCharms (Decorative Liquid plug-in fragrance units). Rimports will continue to focus on providing the best quality products and low prices to retailers and end-users. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 Leading Brand Recognition Market Share - Sterno Products is the market share leader in the canned chafing fuel market. Management believes Sterno Products enjoys outstanding brand awareness and a reputation for superior quality and performance with distributors, cat erers, hotels and other end users. Rimports is a leader in fragrance systems, particularly the wickless candle market, and is growing its market share in the essential oils and diffusers and plug-in liquid fragrance markets. Rimports offers a large variety of products to retailers in North America, Canada, China, and the United Kingdom . 
 Low Cost versus Alternatives - Sterno Product's customers are typically caterers, hotels or restaurants who utilize canned chafing fuel to maintain prepared food at a safe and enjoyable serving temperature. The risk of ruining a 
 59 

dining experience and the low proportionate cost of canned chafing fuel relative to the cost of a catered event represent significant barriers to customers switching out of Sterno s canned chafing fuel products. Additionally, management believes that there is no other technology available today that offers the portability, reliability and low cost of the Sterno canned chafing fuel products. Rimports ultimate consumers seek high quality products in the Home Fragrance section. This high value strength ensures consumer loyalty and satisfaction. 
 Suppliers and Manufacturing 
 Sterno's product manufacturing is based on a dual strategy of in-house manufacturing and strategic alliances with select vendors. Sterno operates an efficient, low-cost supply chain, sourcing materials and employing contract manufacturers from across the Asia-Pacific region and the U.S. 
 Sterno Products' primary raw materials are diethylene glycol, ethanol, liquid paraffin and steel cans for which it receives multiple shipments per month. Sterno Products purchases its materials from a combination of domestic and foreign suppliers. 
 Rimports sources raw materials from and outsources manufacturing processes to companies in the U.S. and China. Raw materials include wax, fragrances, and color dye for waxes; essential oils; wood, metal, ceramic, and glass for warmers and diffusers; and packaging supplies. Products are shipped to retailers from outsourced manufacturing warehouses and Rimports two Utah warehouses. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Sterno relies upon a combination of trademarks and patents in order to secure and protect its intellectual property rights. Sterno cur rently owns approximately 236 registered trademarks and 78 patents globally, and has 22 applications for trademarks and patents pending. 
 Regulatory Environment 
 Sterno is proactive regarding regulatory issues and management believes that it is in compliance with all relevant regulations. Sterno maintains adequate product liability insurance coverage. Management believes that Sterno complies, in all material respects, with applicable environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations. 
 Seasonality 
 Sterno typically has higher sales in the second and fourth quarter of each year, reflecting the outdoor summer season and the holiday season. Rimports typically has higher sales in the third and fourth quarter of each year, reflecting the holiday season. 
 Human Capital 
 At Decemb er 31, 2023, Sterno had 525 employees within its two product divisions - 264 employees at Sterno Products and 261 employees at Rimports. Sterno Products operates out of four locations in the United States, with a majority of their employe es located at production facilities in Memphis, Tennessee and Texarkana, Texas. Rimports employees primarily operate out of Rimports' facilities in Provo, Utah. Sterno believes that its relationship with its employees is good. 
 60 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our business, operations and financial condition are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The following discussion of risk factors should be read in conjunction with the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) section and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In addition to the factors affecting our specific operating segments identified in connection with the descriptions of these segments and the financial results of the operations of these operating segments elsewhere in this report, the most significant factors affecting our operations include the following: 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Structure 
 Our future success is dependent on the employees of our Manager and the management teams of our businesses, the loss of any of whom could materially adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 Our future success depends, to a significant extent, on the continued services of the employees of our Manager, most of whom have worked together for a number of years. Our Manager does not have an employment agreement with our Chief Executive Officer and, in any event, employment agreements may not prevent our Manager s employees from leaving or from competing with us in the future. 
 The future success of our businesses also depends on their respective management teams because we operate our businesses on a stand-alone basis, primarily relying on existing management teams for management of their day-to-day operations. Consequently, their operational success, as well as the success of our internal growth strategy, will be dependent on the continued efforts of the management teams of the businesses. The loss of services of one or more members of our management team or the management team at one of our businesses could materially adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 We face risks with respect to the evaluation and management of future acquisitions. 
 A component of our strategy is to continue to acquire additional subsidiaries, as well as add-on acquisitions for our existing subsidiaries. Generally, because such acquisition targets are held privately, we may experience difficulty in evaluating potential target businesses as the information concerning these businesses is not publicly available. In addition, we and our subsidiary companies may have difficulty effectively managing or integrating acquisitions. We may experience greater than expected costs or difficulties relating to such acquisition, in which case, we might not achieve the anticipated returns from any particular acquisition, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to successfully fund future acquisitions of new businesses due to the lack of availability of debt or equity financing at the Company level on acceptable terms, which could impede the implementation of our acquisition strategy and materially adversely impact our financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 In order to make future acquisitions, we intend to raise capital primarily through debt financing at the Company level, additional equity offerings, the sale of stock or assets of our businesses, and by offering equity in the Trust or our businesses to the sellers of target businesses or by undertaking a combination of any of the above. Since the timing and size of acquisitions cannot be readily predicted, we may need to be able to obtain funding on short notice to benefit fully from attractive acquisition opportunities. Such funding may not be available on acceptable terms. In addition, the level of our indebtedness may impact our ability to borrow at the Company level. Another source of capital for us may be the sale of additional shares, subject to market conditions and investor demand for the shares at prices that we consider to be in the interests of our shareholders. These risks may materially adversely affect our ability to pursue our acquisition strategy successfully and materially adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 Under the Trust Agreement, the Company s board of directors will have the power to cause the Trust to be converted to a corporation in the future at its sole discretion in ways with which you may disagree. 
 The Trust Agreement authorizes the Company, acting through the board of directors and without further shareholder approval, to cause the Trust to be converted to a corporation (the Conversion ). As a shareholder of the Trust, you may disagree with the terms of the Conversion that might be implemented by the Company s board of directors in the future, and you may disagree with the board s determination that the terms of the Conversion are not materially adverse to you as a shareholder or that they are in the best interests of the Trust and its shareholders. Your 
 61 

recourse, if you disagree, will be limited because our Trust Agreement gives broad authority and discretion to the Company s board of directors to implement the Conversion as long as the board determines that it will be in the best interests of the Trust and its shareholders to do so. 
 The Company s board of directors has full authority and discretion over the distributions of the Company, other than the profit allocation, and it may decide to reduce or eliminate distributions at any time, which may materially adversely affect the market price for our shares. 
 The Company s board of directors has full authority and discretion to determine whether or not a distribution by the Company should be declared and paid to the Trust and in turn, subject to U.S. federal income taxes and applicable state and local taxes, to our shareholders, as well as the amount and timing of any distribution. In addition, the management fee and profit allocation will be payment obligations of the Company and, as a result, will be paid, along with other Company obligations, prior to the payment of distributions to our shareholders. The Company s board of directors may, based on their review of our financial condition and results of operations and pending acquisitions or our tax structure, determine to reduce or eliminate distributions, which may have a material adverse effect on the market price of our shares. 
 We rely entirely on receipts from our businesses to make distributions to our shareholders. 
 The Trust s sole asset is its interest in the LLC, which holds controlling interests in our businesses. Therefore, we are dependent upon the ability of our businesses to generate earnings and cash flow and distribute them to us in the form of interest and principal payments on indebtedness and, from time to time, dividends on equity to enable us, first, to satisfy our financial and tax obligations and second to make distributions to our shareholders. This ability may be subject to limitations under laws of the jurisdictions in which they are incorporated or organized. If, as a consequence of these various restrictions, we are unable to generate sufficient receipts from our businesses, we may not be able to declare, or may have to delay or cancel payment of, distributions to our shareholders. 
 We do not own 100 of our businesses. While we receive cash payments from our businesses which are in the form of interest payments, debt repayment and dividends, if any dividends were to be paid by our businesses, they would be shared pro rata with the minority shareholders of our businesses and the amounts of dividends made to minority shareholders would not be available to us for any purpose, including Company debt service or distributions to our shareholders. Any proceeds from the sale of a business will be allocated among us and the non-controlling shareholders of the business that is sold. 
 The Company s board of directors has the power to change the terms of our shares in its sole discretion in ways with which you may disagree. 
 As an owner of our shares, you may disagree with changes made to the terms of our shares, and you may disagree with the Company s board of directors decision that the changes made to the terms of the shares are not materially adverse to you as a shareholder or that they do not alter the characterization of the Trust. Your recourse, if you disagree, will be limited because our Trust Agreement gives broad authority and discretion to our board of directors. 
 Certain provisions of the LLC Agreement of the Company and the Trust Agreement make it difficult for third parties to acquire control of the Trust and the LLC and could deprive you of the opportunity to obtain a takeover premium for your shares. 
 The LLC Agreement of the LLC and the Trust Agreement of the Trust contain a number of provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or may discourage a third party from acquiring, control of the Trust and the Company. These provisions include, among others: 
 restrictions on the LLC s ability to enter into certain transactions with our major shareholders, with the exception of our Manager, modeled on the limitation contained in Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or DGCL; 
 allowing only the LLC s board of directors to fill newly created directorships, for those directors who are elected by our shareholders, and allowing only our Manager, as holder of a portion of the Allocation Interests, to fill vacancies with respect to the class of directors appointed by our Manager; 
 requiring that directors elected by our shareholders be removed, with or without cause, only by a vote of 85 of our shareholders; 
 requiring advance notice for nominations of candidates for election to the Company s board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by our shareholders at a shareholders meeting; 
 62 

having a substantial number of additional authorized but unissued shares that may be issued without shareholder action; 
 providing the Company s board of directors with certain authority to amend the LLC Agreement and the Trust Agreement, subject to certain voting and consent rights of the holders of trust interests and Allocation Interests; and 
 limitations regarding calling special meetings and written consents of our shareholders. 
 These provisions, as well as other provisions in the LLC Agreement and Trust Agreement may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise result in you obtaining a takeover premium for your shares. 
 We may have conflicts of interest with the noncontrolling shareholders of our businesses. 
 The boards of directors of our respective businesses have fiduciary duties to all their shareholders, including the Company and noncontrolling shareholders. As a result, they may make decisions that are in the best interests of their shareholders generally, but which are not necessarily in the best interest of the Company or our shareholders. In dealings with the Company, the directors of our businesses may have conflicts of interest and decisions may have to be made without the participation of directors appointed by the Company, and such decisions may be different from those that we would make. 
 Our financing arrangements expose us to additional risks associated with leverage and inhibits our operating flexibility and reduces earnings and cash available for distributions to our shareholders. 
 At December 31, 2023, we had approximately 1,685 million of consolidated debt outstanding. This level of consolidated debt could have important consequences, such as (i) limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund our potential growth; (ii) increasing the cost of future borrowings; (iii) limiting our ability to use operating cash flow in our other areas of our business because of cash requirements to service our debt; and (iv) increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic conditions. Our financing arrangements subject the Company to certain customary affirmative and restrictive covenants. If we violate any of these covenants, our lender may accelerate the maturity of any debt outstanding under our 2022 Credit Facility. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations may be affected by events beyond our control and will depend primarily upon cash produced by our businesses. Any failure to comply with the terms of our indebtedness could materially adversely affect us. 
 Changes in interest rates could materially adversely affect us. 
 Our 2022 Credit Facility bears interest at floating rates which will generally change as interest rates change. We bear the risk that the rates we are charged by our lender will increase faster than the earnings and cash flow of our businesses, which could reduce profitability, adversely affect our ability to service our debt, cause us to breach covenants contained in our 2022 Credit Facility and reduce earnings and cash available for distribution, any of which could materially adversely affect us. 
 We may engage in a business transaction with one or more target businesses that have relationships with our officers, our directors, or our Manager, which may create potential conflicts of interest. 
 We may decide to acquire one or more businesses with which our officers, our directors, or our Manager have a relationship. Potential conflicts of interest may exist with respect to a particular acquisition, and, as a result, the terms of the acquisition of a target business may not be as advantageous to our shareholders as it would have been absent any conflicts of interest. 
 CGI Maygar Holdings LLC may exercise significant influence over the Company. 
 As of December 31, 2023, CGI Maygar Holdings LLC owns approximately 8.0 million or approximatel y 11.1 of our common shares and may have significant influence over the election of directors in the future. 
 If, in the future, we cease to control and operate our businesses, we may be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 Under the terms of the LLC Agreement, we have the latitude to make investments in businesses that we will not operate or control. If we make significant investments in businesses that we do not operate or control or cease to operate and control our businesses, we may be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be an investment company, we would either have to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, obtain exemptive relief from the SEC or modify our investments or organizational structure or our contract rights to fall 
 63 

outside the definition of an investment company. Registering as an investment company could, among other things, materially adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations, materially limit our ability to borrow funds or engage in other transactions involving leverage and require us to add directors who are independent of us or our Manager and otherwise will subject us to additional regulation that will be costly and time-consuming. 
 Certain of our businesses are dependent on a limited number of customers to derive a large portion of their revenue, and the loss of one of these customers may adversely affect the financial condition, business and results of operations of these businesses. 
 Our Ergobaby, Velocity, Altor and Sterno businesses derive a significant amount of revenue from a concentrated number of retailers, distributors or manufacturers. Any negative change involving these retailers, distributors or manufacturers, including industry consolidation, store closings, reduction in purchasing levels or bankruptcies, could negatively impact the sales of these businesses and may have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial condition and cash flows of these businesses. 
 Our businesses do not have and may not have long-term contracts with their customers and clients and the loss of customers and clients could materially adversely affect their financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 Our businesses are and may be, based primarily upon individual orders and sales with their customers and clients. Our businesses historically have not entered into long-term supply contracts with their customers and clients. As such, their customers and clients could cease using their services or buying their products from them at any time and for any reason. The fact that they do not enter into long-term contracts with their customers and clients means that they have no recourse in the event a customer or client no longer wants to use their services or purchase products from them. If a significant number of their customers or clients elect not to use their services or purchase their products, it could materially adversely affect their financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Taxation 
 The Trust is subject to U.S. corporate income taxes which reduces the earnings and cash available for distributions to holders of Trust common shares in respect of such investments and could adversely affect the value of Trust common shareholders investment. 
 Effective September 1, 2021, the Trust elected to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes (the Election ). The Trust now incurs entity level U.S. federal corporate income taxes and applicable state and local taxes that it would not otherwise incur if it were still treated as a partnership for U.S. tax purposes. In addition, before the tax reclassification, income from the Trust was passed through to holders of its preferred shares, which resulted in less income being passed through from the Trust to holders of its common shares and effectively reduced each common shareholder s allocable share of the Trust s income; however, after the tax reclassification, no income will pass through to any shareholders, but the Trust will not be able to claim a tax deduction for distributions in respect of the preferred shares. Therefore, the amount of cash available for distributions to holders of Trust common shares could be reduced and their investment could be adversely affected. 
 Following the tax reclassification, determinations, declarations, and payments of distributions to holders of Trust common shares will continue to be at the sole discretion of the Company s board of directors. Our distribution policy may be changed at any time at the discretion of the Company s board of directors. 
 Future changes to tax laws are uncertain and may result in the Trust paying corporate income tax at rates higher than expected or result in the Trust failing to realize the anticipated benefits of the Election. 
 Future changes to tax laws are uncertain, but any such changes could cause the Trust to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the Election. If corporate income tax rates are raised, the anticipated advantages of being treated as a corporation for U.S. tax purposes would be diminished. In addition, any general changes to tax laws, such as changes to limitations on the deductibility of interest, could result in the Trust or its shareholders paying tax at rates higher than anticipated. 
 64 

Risks Related to the Preferred Shares 
 Distributions on the Series A Preferred Shares are discretionary and non-cumulative. 
 Distributions on the Series A Preferred Shares are discretionary and non-cumulative. Holders of the Series A Preferred Shares will only receive distributions of the Series A Preferred Shares when, as and if declared by the board of directors of the Company. Consequently, if the board of directors of the Company does not authorize and declare a distribution for a distribution period, holders of the Series A Preferred Shares would not be entitled to receive any distribution for such distribution period, and such unpaid distribution will not be payable in such distribution period or in later distribution periods. We will have no obligation to pay distributions for a distribution period if the board of directors of the Company does not declare such distribution before the scheduled record date for such period, whether or not distributions are declared or paid for any subsequent distribution period with respect to the Series A Preferred Shares, or any other preferred shares we may issue or our common shares. This may result in holders of the Series A Preferred Shares not receiving the full amount of distributions that they expect to receive, or any distributions, and may make it more difficult to resell Series A Preferred Shares or to do so at a price that the holder finds attractive. 
 The board of directors of the Company may, in its sole discretion, determine to suspend distributions on the Series A Preferred Shares, which may have a material adverse effect on the market price of the Series A Preferred Shares. There can be no assurances that our operations will generate sufficient cash flows to enable us to pay distributions on the Series A Preferred Shares. Our financial and operating performance is subject to prevailing economic and industry conditions and to financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. 
 The Series A, Series B and Series C Preferred Shares are equity securities and are subordinated to our existing and future indebtedness. 
 The Series A, Series B and Series C Preferred Shares are our equity interests and do not constitute indebtedness. This means that the Series A, Series B and Series C Preferred Shares rank junior to all of our indebtedness and to other non-equity claims on us and our assets available to satisfy claims on us, including claims in our liquidation. In addition, the rights allocated to the Company s allocation interests may reduce the amount available for distribution by the Trust upon its liquidation, dissolution or winding up. Further, the Series A, Series B and Series C Preferred Shares place no restrictions on our business or operations or on our ability to incur indebtedness or engage in any transactions, subject only to the limited voting rights. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Manager 
 Our Chief Executive Officer, directors, Manager and management team may allocate some of their time to other businesses, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs, which may materially adversely affect our operations. 
 Only our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Ryan Faulkingham, devotes substantially all of his time to our affairs. Our Chief Executive Officer, directors, Manager and members of our management team may engage in other business activities. This may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our management and operations of other businesses. Conflicts of interest that arise over the allocation of time may not always be resolved in our favor and may materially adversely affect our operations. See Part III, Item 13. " Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence " for the potential conflicts of interest of which you should be aware. 
 Our Manager and its affiliates, including members of our management team, may engage in activities that compete with us or our businesses. 
 Neither our management team nor our Manager is expressly prohibited from investing in or managing other entities, including those that are in the same or similar line of business as our businesses. In this regard, the Management Services Agreement and the obligation to provide management services will not create a mutually exclusive relationship between our Manager and its affiliates, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other. 
 Our Manager need not present an acquisition or disposition opportunity to us if our Manager determines on its own that such acquisition or disposition opportunity does not meet the Company s acquisition or disposition criteria. 
 Our Manager will review any acquisition or disposition opportunity presented to the Manager to determine if it satisfies the Company s acquisition or disposition criteria, as established by the Company s board of directors from 
 65 

time to time. If our Manager determines, in its sole discretion, that an opportunity fits our criteria, our Manager will refer the opportunity to the Company s board of directors for its authorization and approval prior to the consummation thereof; opportunities that our Manager determines do not fit our criteria do not need to be presented to the Company s board of directors for consideration. If such an opportunity is ultimately profitable, we will have not participated in such opportunity. Upon a determination by the Company s board of directors not to promptly pursue an opportunity presented to it by our Manager in whole or in part, our Manager will be unrestricted in its ability to pursue such opportunity, or any part that we do not promptly pursue, on its own or refer such opportunity to other entities, including its affiliates. 
 We cannot remove our Manager solely for poor performance, which could limit our ability to improve our performance and could materially adversely affect the market price of our shares. 
 Under the terms of the Management Services Agreement, our Manager cannot be removed as a result of under-performance. Instead, the Company s board of directors can only remove our Manager in certain limited circumstances or upon a vote by the majority of the Company s board of directors and the majority of our shareholders to terminate the Management Services Agreement. This limitation could materially adversely affect the market price of our shares. 
 Our Manager can resign on 180 days notice and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement within that time, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could materially adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations as well as the market price of our shares. 
 Our Manager has the right, under the management services agreement, to resign at any time on 180 days written notice, whether we have found a replacement or not. If our Manager resigns, we may not be able to contract with a new manager or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms within 90 days, or at all, in which case our operations are likely to experience a disruption, our financial condition, business and results of operations as well as our ability to pay distributions are likely to be adversely affected and the market price of our shares may decline. In addition, the coordination of our internal management, acquisition activities and supervision of our businesses is likely to suffer if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement with a single institution or group of executives having the expertise possessed by our Manager and its affiliates. Even if we are able to retain comparable management, whether internal or external, the integration of such management and their lack of familiarity with our businesses may result in additional costs and time delays that could materially adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 We must pay our Manager the management fee regardless of our performance. 
 Our Manager is entitled to receive a management fee that is based on our adjusted consolidated net assets, as defined in the management services agreement, regardless of the performance of our businesses. The calculation of the management fee is unrelated to the Company s net income. As a result, the management fee may incentivize our Manager to increase the amount of our assets. For example, the acquisition of additional assets or the incurrence of third party debt could be prioritized rather than increasing the performance of our businesses. 
 We cannot determine the amount of the management fee that will be paid over time with any certainty. 
 The management fee paid to CGM for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 68.4 million. The management fee is calculated by reference to the Company s adjusted net assets, which will be impacted by the acquisition or disposition of businesses, which can be significantly influenced by our Manager, as well as the performance of our businesses and other businesses we may acquire in the future. Changes in adjusted net assets and in the resulting management fee could be significant, resulting in a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. In addition, if the performance of the Company declines, assuming adjusted net assets remains the same, management fees will increase as a percentage of the Company s net income. 
 We cannot determine the amount of profit allocation that will be paid over time with any certainty. 
 We cannot determine the amount of profit allocation that will be paid over time with any certainty. Such determination would be dependent on the potential sale proceeds received for any of our businesses and the performance of the Company and its businesses over a multi-year period of time, among other factors that cannot be predicted with certainty at this time. Such factors may have a significant impact on the amount of any profit allocation to be paid. Likewise, such determination would be dependent on whether certain hurdles were surpassed giving rise to a payment of profit allocation. Any amounts paid in respect of the profit allocation are unrelated to the management fee earned for performance of services under the management services agreement. 
 66 

The fees to be paid to our Manager pursuant to the Management Services Agreement, the offsetting Management Services Agreements and integration services agreements and the profit allocation to be paid to certain persons who are employees and partners of our Manager, as holders of the Allocation Interests, pursuant to the LLC Agreement may significantly reduce the amount of earnings and cash available for distribution to our shareholders. 
 Under the Management Services Agreement, the Company will be obligated to pay a management fee to and, subject to certain conditions, reimburse the costs and out-of-pocket expenses of our Manager incurred on behalf of the Company in connection with the provision of services to the Company. Similarly, our businesses will be obligated to pay fees to and reimburse the costs and expenses of our Manager pursuant to any offsetting Management Services Agreements entered into between our Manager and one of our businesses, or any integration services agreements to which such businesses are a party. In addition, Sostratus LLC, as holder of the Allocation Interests, will be entitled to receive profit allocations. While it is difficult to quantify with any certainty the actual amount of any such payments in the future, we do expect that such amounts could be substantial. See the section entitled Part 3, Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence for more information about these payment obligations of the Company. The management fee and profit allocation will be payment obligations of the Company and, as a result, will be paid, along with other Company obligations, prior to the payment of distributions to shareholders. As a result, the payment of these amounts may significantly reduce the amount of earnings and cash available for distribution to our shareholders. 
 Our Manager s influence on conducting our operations, including on our conducting of transactions, gives it the ability to increase its fees, which may reduce the amount of earnings and cash available for distribution to our shareholders. 
 Under the terms of the Management Services Agreement, our Manager is paid a management fee calculated as a percentage of the Company s adjusted net assets for certain items and is unrelated to net income or any other performance base or measure. Our Manager controls and may advise us to consummate transactions, incur third party debt or conduct our operations in a manner that, in our Manager s reasonable discretion, are necessary to the future growth of our businesses and are in the best interests of our shareholders. These transactions, however, may increase the amount of fees paid to our Manager. Our Manager s ability to increase its fees, through the influence it has over our operations, may increase the compensation paid by our Manager. Our Manager s ability to influence the management fee paid to it by us could reduce the amount of earnings and cash available for distribution to our shareholders. 
 Fees paid by the Company and our businesses pursuant to integration services agreements do not offset fees payable under the Management Services Agreement and will be in addition to the management fee payable by the Company under the Management Services Agreement. 
 The Management Services Agreement provides that our businesses may enter into integration services agreements with our Manager pursuant to which our businesses will pay fees to our Manager for services provided by our Manager relating to the integration of a business s financial reporting, computer systems and decision making and management processes into our operations following an acquisition of such business. See Part III, Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence for more information about these agreements. Unlike fees paid under the offsetting Management Services Agreements, fees that are paid pursuant to such integration services agreements will not reduce the management fee payable by the Company. Therefore, such fees will be in excess of the management fee payable by the Company. 
 The fees to be paid to our Manager pursuant to these integration service agreements will be paid prior to any principal, interest or dividend payments to be paid to the Company by our businesses, which will reduce the amount of earnings and cash available for distributions to shareholders. 
 Our profit allocation may induce our Manager to make suboptimal decisions regarding our operations. 
 Sostratus LLC, as holder of our Allocation Interests, will receive a profit allocation based on ongoing cash flows and capital gains in excess of a hurdle rate. Certain persons who are employees and partners of our Manager are owners of Sostratus LLC. In this respect, a calculation and payment of profit allocation may be triggered upon the sale of one of our businesses. As a result, our Manager may be incentivized to recommend the sale of one or more of our businesses to the Company s board of directors at a time that may not be optimal for our shareholders. 
 67 

The obligations to pay the management fee and profit allocation may cause the Company to liquidate assets or incur debt. 
 If we do not have sufficient liquid assets to pay the management fee and profit allocation when such payments are due, we may be required to liquidate assets or incur debt in order to make such payments. This circumstance could materially adversely affect our liquidity and ability to make distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 Risks Specific to Our Subsidiaries 
 
 Risks Related to Arnold 
 Arnold's operations and the prior operations of predecessor companies expose it to the risk of material environmental liabilities, which could have a negative effect on its financial condition or results of operations. 
 Arnold may be subject to potential liabilities related to the remediation of environmental hazards and to claims of personal injuries or property damages that may be caused by hazardous substance releases and exposures, mainly because of past operations and the operations of predecessor companies. Arnold continues to incur remedial response and voluntary clean-up costs for site contamination, for which we may not be fully indemnified, and are a party to lawsuits and claims associated with environmental and safety matters, including past production of products containing hazardous materials. Arnold also may become party to various legal proceedings relating to alleged impacts from pollutants released into the environment. Various federal, state, local and foreign governments regulate the discharge of materials into the environment and can impose substantial fines and criminal sanctions for violations. In addition, changes in laws, regulations and enforcement of policies, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or information related to individual sites, the establishment of stricter state or federal toxicity standards with respect to certain contaminants, or the imposition of new clean-up requirements or remedial techniques could require Arnold to incur additional costs in the future that would have a negative effect on its financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Sterno 
 Sterno's products operate at high temperatures and use flammable fuels, each of which could subject our business to product liability claims. 
 Sterno products expose it to potential product liability claims typical of fuel based heating products. The fuels Sterno uses in its products are flammable and may be toxic if ingested. Accidents involving Sterno products may have an adverse effect on its reputation and reduce demand for its products. In addition, Sterno may be held responsible for damages beyond its insurance coverage and there can be no guarantee that it will be able to procure adequate insurance coverage in the future. 
 
 Risks Related to Velocity Outdoor 
 Velocity s products are subject to product safety and liability lawsuits, which could materially adversely affect its financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 As a manufacturer of recreational airguns and archery products, Velocity is involved in various litigation matters that occur in the ordinary course of business. Not all users of its products will observe all proper safety practices. Failure to observe proper safety practices may result in injuries that give rise to product liability and personal injury claims and lawsuits, as well as claims for breach of contract, loss of profits and consequential damages. 
 If any unresolved lawsuits or claims are determined adversely, they could have a material adverse effect on Velocity, its financial condition, business and results of operations. As more of Velocity s products are sold to and used by its consumers, the likelihood of product liability claims being made against it increases. In addition, the running of statutes of limitations in the United States for personal injuries to minor children may be suspended during the child s legal minority. Therefore, it is possible that accidents resulting in injuries to minors may not give rise to lawsuits until a number of years later. 
 There is a risk that Velocity's product liability insurance may not be sufficient to cover all liabilities incurred in connection with such claims and the financial consequences of these claims and lawsuits will have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 68 

General Risk Factors 
 We could be negatively impacted by cybersecurity attacks. 
 We, and our businesses, use a variety of information technology systems in the ordinary course of business, which are potentially vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks, including cybersecurity attacks to our information technology infrastructure and attempts by others to gain access to our proprietary or sensitive information. Cybersecurity threats continue to increase in frequency and sophistication; a successful cybersecurity attack could interrupt or disrupt our information technology systems, or those of our third-party service providers, and may cause us to incur excessive costs or suffer reputational harm. Cyber attacks are being conducted by sophisticated and organized groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise, especially given increased vulnerability of corporate information technology systems as distributed work environments have become prevalent. In addition to unauthorized access to or acquisition of personal data, confidential information, intellectual property or other sensitive information, such attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware and ransomware, and may use a variety of methods, including denial-of-service attacks, social engineering and other means, to attain such unauthorized access or acquisition or otherwise affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information. The procedures and controls we use to monitor these threats and mitigate our exposure may not be sufficient to prevent cybersecurity incidents. The results of these incidents could include misstated financial data, theft of trade secrets or other intellectual property, liability for disclosure of confidential customer, supplier or employee information, increased costs arising from the implementation of additional security protective measures, litigation and reputational damage, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. Any remedial costs or other liabilities related to cybersecurity incidents may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. 
 In addition, cybersecurity has become a top priority for global lawmakers and regulators, and some jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify regulators and individuals of security breaches. If we fail to comply with the relevant and increasing complex laws and regulations, we could suffer financial losses, a disruption of our business, liability to investors, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. 
 Impairment of our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets or other long-lived assets could result in significant charges that would adversely impact our future operating results. 
 A significant portion of our long-term assets are comprised of intangible assets, including goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets recorded as a result of past acquisitions. We assess the potential impairment of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets on an annual basis, as well as whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. If our analysis indicates that an individual asset s carrying value exceeds its fair market value, we will record a loss equal to the excess of the individual asset s carrying value over its fair value. The impairment testing steps require significant amounts of judgment and subjectivity. 
 Factors that could trigger impairment include the following: 
 significant under performance relative to historical or projected future operating results; 
 significant changes in the manner of or use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business; 
 significant negative industry or economic trends; 
 significant decline in our stock price for a sustained period; 
 changes in our organization or management reporting structure could result in additional reporting units, which may require alternative methods of estimating fair values or greater desegregation or aggregation in our analysis by reporting unit; and 
 a decline in our market capitalization below net book value. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had identified indefinite lived intangible assets with a carrying value in our financial statements of 57.0 million, and goodwill of 901.4 million. 
 Our businesses are subject to unplanned business interruptions which may adversely affect our performance. 
 Operational interruptions and unplanned events at one or more of our production facilities, such as explosions, fires, inclement weather, natural disasters, accidents, transportation interruptions and supply could cause substantial losses in our production capacity. Furthermore, because customers may be dependent on planned deliveries from us, customers that have to reschedule their own operations due to our delivery delays may be able to pursue financial claims against us, and we may incur costs to correct such problems in addition to any liability resulting from 
 69 

such claims. Such interruptions may also harm our reputation among actual and potential customers, potentially resulting in a loss of business. To the extent these losses are not covered by insurance, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected by such events. 
 Our businesses could experience fluctuations in the costs and availability of raw materials, components or whole goods which could result in significant disruptions to supply chains, production disruptions and increased costs for our businesses. 
 Our businesses require access to various raw materials, components and whole goods to manufacture and distribute products. Changes in the availability and price of raw materials, components and whole goods, which can fluctuate significantly as a result of economic volatility, regulatory instability or change in import tariffs or trade agreements, can significantly increase the costs of production and distribution, which could have a material negative effect on the profitability of the businesses. 
 We could be adversely affected if we experience shortages of components from our suppliers or if disruptions in the supply chain lead to parts shortages for our customers. 
 A portion of our annual cost of sales is driven by the purchase of goods. We select our suppliers based on total value (including price, delivery and quality), taking into consideration their production capacities and financial condition, and we expect that they will be able to support our needs. There is no assurance that adverse financial conditions, including bankruptcies of our suppliers, reduced levels of production, natural disasters, staffing shortages, supply chain issues or other problems experienced by our suppliers will not result in shortages or delays in their supply of components to us. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in labor shortages and supply chain disruptions. Any significant production disruption could have a material impact on our operations, operating results and financial condition. If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of critical components from our suppliers, we may be unable to meet our production schedules for some of our key products and to ship such products to our customers in a timely fashion, which would adversely affect our sales, profitability and customer relations. 
 Our businesses rely and may rely on their intellectual property and licenses to use others intellectual property, for competitive advantage. If our businesses are unable to protect their intellectual property, are unable to obtain or retain licenses to use other s intellectual property, or if they infringe upon or are alleged to have infringed upon others intellectual property, it could have a material adverse effect on their financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 Each business's success depends in part on their, or licenses to use others , brand names, proprietary technology and manufacturing techniques. These businesses rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect their intellectual property rights. The steps they have taken to protect their intellectual property rights may not prevent third parties from using their intellectual property and other proprietary information without their authorization or independently developing intellectual property and other proprietary information that is similar. In addition, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our businesses intellectual property rights effectively or to the same extent as the laws of the United States. 
 Stopping unauthorized use of their proprietary information and intellectual property, and defending claims that they have made unauthorized use of others proprietary information or intellectual property, may be difficult, time-consuming and costly. The use of their intellectual property and other proprietary information by others, and the use by others of their intellectual property and proprietary information, could reduce or eliminate any competitive advantage they have developed, cause them to lose sales or otherwise harm their business. 
 Our businesses may become involved in legal proceedings and claims in the future either to protect their intellectual property or to defend allegations that they have infringed upon others intellectual property rights. These claims and any resulting litigation could subject them to significant liability for damages and invalidate their property rights. In addition, these lawsuits, regardless of their merits, could be time consuming and expensive to resolve and could divert management s time and attention. The costs associated with any of these actions could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on their financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 Our businesses are and may be subject to federal, state and foreign environmental laws and regulations that expose them to potential financial liability. Complying with applicable environmental laws requires significant resources, and if our businesses fail to comply, they could be subject to substantial liability. 
 70 

Some of the facilities and operations of our businesses are and may be subject to a variety of federal, state and foreign environmental laws and regulations including laws and regulations pertaining to the handling, storage and transportation of raw materials, products and wastes, which require and will continue to require significant expenditures to remain in compliance with such laws and regulations currently in place and in the future. Compliance with current and future environmental laws is a major consideration for our businesses as any material violations of these laws can lead to substantial liability, revocations of discharge permits, fines or penalties. Because some of our businesses use hazardous materials and generate hazardous wastes in their operations, they may be subject to potential financial liability for costs associated with the investigation and remediation of their own sites, or sites at which they have arranged for the disposal of hazardous wastes, if such sites become contaminated. Even if they fully comply with applicable environmental laws and are not directly at fault for the contamination, our businesses may still be liable. Our businesses may also be held liable for damages caused by environmental and other conditions that existed prior to our acquisition the assets, business or operations involved, whether or not such damages are subject to indemnification from a prior owner. Costs associated with these risks could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 Certain of our businesses are subject to increased product regulations which may cause an increase to our expenses or result in increased litigation in the event of non-compliance. 
 Certain of our businesses are subject to increasingly stringent and complex domestic and foreign product labeling, performance, environmental and safety standards, laws and other regulations, including those pertaining to per-and polyfluoroalkyl substances ("PFAS") a group of chemicals used to make fluoropolymer coatings and products that resist heat, oil, stains, grease, and water. These requirements could result in greater expense associated with compliance efforts, and failure to comply with these regulations could result in a delay, non-delivery, recall, or destruction of inventory shipments during key seasons, a loss of advance orders from wholesale customers or in other financial penalties. Significant or continuing noncompliance with these standards and laws could disrupt our business and harm our reputation. 
 Defects in the products provided by our companies could result in financial or other damages to their customers, which could result in reduced demand for our companies products and/or liability claims against our companies. 
 As manufacturers and distributors of consumer products, certain of our companies are subject to various laws, rules and regulations, which may empower governmental agencies and authorities to exclude from the market products that are found to be unsafe or hazardous. Under certain circumstances, a governmental authority could require our companies to repurchase or recall one or more of their products. Additionally, laws regulating certain consumer products exist in some cities and states, as well as in other countries in which they sell their products, where more restrictive laws and regulations exist or may be adopted in the future. Any repurchase or recall of such products could be costly and could damage the reputation of our companies. If any of our companies were required to remove, or voluntarily remove, their products from the market, their reputation may be tarnished and they may have large quantities of finished products that they cannot sell. Additionally, our companies may be subject to regulatory actions that could harm their reputations, adversely impact the values of their brands and/or increase the cost of production. 
 Our companies also face exposure to product liability claims in the event that one of their products is alleged to have resulted in property damage, bodily injury or other adverse effects. Defects in products could result in customer dissatisfaction or a reduction in, or cancellation of, future purchases or liability claims against our companies. If these defects occur frequently, our reputation may be impaired permanently. Defects in products could also result in financial or other damages to customers, for which our companies may be asked or required to compensate their customers, in the form of substantial monetary judgments or otherwise. There can be no assurance that rapidly changing safety standards will not render unsaleable products that complied with previously-applicable safety standards. As a result, these types of claims could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our businesses are subject to certain risks associated with their foreign operations or business they conduct in foreign jurisdictions. 
 Some of our businesses have and may have operations or conduct business outside the United States. Certain risks are inherent in operating or conducting business in foreign jurisdictions, including exposure to local economic conditions; difficulties in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign legal systems; longer payment cycles for foreign customers; adverse currency exchange controls; exposure to risks associated with changes in foreign exchange rates; potential adverse changes in political environments; actual or threatened 
 71 

geopolitical conflict; withholding taxes and restrictions on the withdrawal of foreign investments and earnings; export and import restrictions; difficulties in enforcing intellectual property rights; and required compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations. These risks individually and collectively have the potential to negatively impact our financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 The success of our branded consumer businesses depends on our ability to maintain the value and reputation of the brand. 
 The name of our branded consumer businesses is integral to those businesses. Maintaining, promoting, and positioning our branded consumer businesses will depend, in part, on the success of marketing and merchandising efforts and the ability to provide a consistent, high quality products and services. Our branded consumer businesses rely on social media, as one of their marketing strategies, to have a positive impact on both brand value and reputation. The brand and reputation of our branded consumer businesses could be adversely affected if those subsidiaries fail to achieve their objectives, if their public image was to be tarnished by negative publicity, which could be amplified by social media, or if they fail to deliver innovative and high quality products. The reputation of our branded consumer businesses could also be impacted by adverse publicity, whether or not valid, regarding allegations that we or our subsidiaries, or persons associated with us or our subsidiaries or formerly associated with us or our subsidiaries, have violated applicable laws or regulations, including but not limited to those related to safety, employment, discrimination, harassment, whistle-blowing, privacy, corporate citizenship or improper business practices. Additionally, while our branded consumer businesses devote effort and resources to protecting their intellectual property, if these efforts are not successful the value of those brands may be harmed. Any harm to the brand or reputation of our subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 NONE 
 
 72 

ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 Risk Management 
 Cybersecurity risk management is overseen both as a critical component of our overall risk management program and as a standalone program. We have implemented a risk-based, cross-functional approach to identifying, preventing and mitigating cybersecurity threats and incidents, while also implementing controls and procedures that provide for the prompt escalation of certain cybersecurity incidents so that decisions regarding the public disclosure and reporting of such incidents can be made by management in a timely manner. Our cybersecurity program is designed to leverage people, processes, and technology to identify and respond to cybersecurity threats. We also engage external service providers, where appropriate, to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of our security processes. We assess, identify, and manage risks from cybersecurity threats through various mechanisms, which may include risk assessments using applicable industry specific cybersecurity frameworks, control gap analyses, penetration testing, vulnerability scanning, cyber insurance that aligns with our subsidiaries' risk profiles and internal or third-party assessments. 
 We are committed to protecting the security and integrity of our systems, networks, databases and applications. We routinely invest to develop and implement cybersecurity programs and processes, including risk management and assessment programs, security and event monitoring capabilities, and prevention and protection capabilities. Our employees undergo annual security awareness training to enhance their understanding of cybersecurity threats and their ability to identify and escalate potential cybersecurity events. We regularly assess cybersecurity risks to identify and enumerate threats to us and vulnerabilities these threats can exploit to adversely impact our business operations. 
 We also apply a risk-based approach to mitigate cybersecurity risks associated with our use of third-party service providers, including those in our supply chain that have access to our customer and employee data or our systems. Third-party risks are included within our enterprise risk process. In addition, cybersecurity considerations affect the selection and oversight of our third-party service providers. 
 Our business strategy, results of operations and financial condition have not been materially affected by risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of previously identified cybersecurity incidents, but we cannot provide assurance that they will not be materially affected in the future by such risks or any future material incidents. For more information on our cybersecurity related risks, see Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Cybersecurity Governance 
 Our board of directors considers cybersecurity risk as part of its risk oversight function and has delegated oversight of cybersecurity risks to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has oversight responsibility for risks and incidents relating to cybersecurity threats, including compliance with disclosure requirements and related effects on financial and other risks, and it reports any findings and recommendations, as appropriate, to the full board of directors for consideration. Senior management regularly discusses cyber risks and trends and, if they should arise, will discuss any material incidents with the Audit Committee. 
 Both the board of directors and the Audit Committee periodically review the measures we have implemented to identify and mitigate cybersecurity risks. As part of such reviews, our board of directors and Audit Committee receive periodic reports and presentations from members of the team responsible for overseeing cybersecurity risk management. These periodic reviews address various topics including evolving regulatory standards, recent developments, vulnerability assessments, third-party reviews, and other information security topics that senior management deems necessary. We have also established protocols by which certain cybersecurity incidents that meet established reporting thresholds are escalated internally and, where appropriate, reported to the Audit Committee or the board of directors in a timely manner. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The following is a summary as of December 31, 2023 of the physical properties owned or leased by our businesses that we consider materially important to those businesses. 
 73 

5.11 
 5.11 is headquartered in Costa Mesa, California and leases offices and warehouse space in locations worldwide. The summary below outlines 5.11's primary leased offices and warehouse space. 
 Location Square Feet Use Costa Mesa, CA 39,650 Office Manteca, CA 400,000 Warehouse Bankstown, Australia 10,387 Office Malmo, Sweden 8,751 Office Kowloon Bay, Hong Kong 17,759 Office 
 In addition, at December 31, 2023, 5.11 leased space for 123 retail store s, ranging in size fr om 3,000 square feet to 12,575 square feet, with an average square footage of 5,000 square feet. 
 BOA 
 BOA is headquartered in Denver, Colorado and leases offices and warehouse space in locations worldwide. The summary below outlines BOA's primary leased offices and warehouse space. 
 Location Square Feet Use Denver, CO 88,000 Office Mondsee, Austria 15,714 Office Hong Kong, China 30,000 Office/Warehouse 
 Ergobaby 
 Ergobaby is headquartered in Torrance, California and leases office and warehouse locations worldwide. The summary below outlines Ergobaby's primary leased office and warehouse space. 
 Location Square Feet Use Carson, CA 5,000 Warehouse Bialystok, Poland 9,688 Warehouse Hamburg, Germany 4,886 Office 
 Lugano 
 Lugano is headquartered in Newport Beach, California. The summary below outlines Lugano's primary leased office space and retail locations. 
 Location Square Feet Use Newport Beach, CA 47,726 Corporate office and Retail salon London, UK 4,600 Office and Retail salon Palm Beach, FL 6,683 Retail salon Greenwich, CT 3,509 Retail salon Aspen, CO 1,463 Retail salon Ocala, FL 2,014 Retail salon Houston, TX 1,069 Retail salon Washington, DC 2,971 Retail salon 
 74 

PrimaLoft 
 PrimaLoft is headquartered in Latham, New York. The summary below outlines PrimaLoft's primary leased office space. 
 Location Square Feet Use Latham, NY 13,321 Corporate Office Xiamen, China 5,796 Office Taufkirchen, Germany 4,330 Office 
 Velocity Outdoor 
 Velocity Outdoor is headquartered in Bloomfield, New York. Velocity owns a 225,000 square foot manufacturing facility in Bloomfield, New York that also holds their corporate offices, and leases a 144,000 square foot finished goods warehouse in Farmington, New York. Velocity's Ravin subsidiary operates an 85,000 square foot manufacturing facility in Superior, Wisconsin. 
 Altor Solutions 
 Altor is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona and operat es 15 moldi ng and fabricating facilities across North America. Altor owns the New Albany, IN, Bloomsburg, PA and El Dorado Springs, MO locations. All other locations are leased. The summary below outlines Altor's primary property locations. 
 Location Square Feet Use Scottsdale, Arizona 7,000 Corporate Anderson, South Carolina 133,250 Manufacturing/Warehouse Compton, California 44,000 Manufacturing/Warehouse Erie, Pennsylvania 35,772 Manufacturing/Warehouse Fort Madison, Iowa 114,000 Manufacturing/Warehouse Jackson, Tennessee 55,000 Manufacturing/Warehouse Jefferson, Georgia 60,000 Manufacturing/Warehouse Keller, Texas 131,073 Manufacturing/Warehouse Modesto, California 79,000 Manufacturing/Warehouse El Dorado Springs, Missouri 38,000 Manufacturing/Warehouse New Albany, Indiana 65,000 Manufacturing/Warehouse Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania 54,000 Manufacturing/Warehouse Northbridge, MA 380,000 Manufacturing/Warehouse Cranston, RI 14,000 Manufacturing/Warehouse Plymouth, WI 248,000 Manufacturing/Warehouse Gnadenhutten, OH 98,200 Manufacturing/Warehouse Uxbridge, MA 117,586 Manufacturing/Warehouse Tijuana, Mexico 60,000 Manufacturing/Warehouse Rosa Jaurequi, MX 100,000 Manufacturing/Warehouse 
 Arnold 
 Arnold is headquartered in Rochester, New York and has eleven manufacturing facilities. Arnold owns the Ogallala, NE and the Greenville, OH locations. All other locations are leased. The summary below outlines Arnold's primary property locations. 
 Location Square Feet Use Marengo, IL 94,220 Office/Warehouse Marietta, OH 81,000 Office/Warehouse Marengo, IL 57,600 Office/Warehouse 
 75 

Norfolk, NE 109,000 Office/Warehouse Rochester, NY 73,000 Office/Warehouse Ogallala, NE 25,000 Office/Warehouse Greenville, OH 70,908 Office/Warehouse Sheffield, England 25,000 Office/Warehouse Lupfig, Switzerland 52,937 Office/Warehouse Middleton, WI 10,616 Office/Warehouse Guangdong Province, China 113,302 Office/Warehouse 
 Sterno 
 Sterno is headquartered in Plano, Texas. Sterno owns manufacturing and production facilities in Memphis, Tennessee and Texarkana, Texas. All other p roperties are leased. The summary below outlines Sterno's primary property locations. 
 Location Square Feet Use Plano, TX 4,356 Corporate Office Memphis, TN 196,200 Manufacturing Texarkana, TX 357,700 Manufacturing La Porte, IN 20,000 Office/ Manufacturing Provo, UT 171,361 Office/Warehouse Spanish Fork, UT 585,904 Warehouse Calgary, Canada 28,748 Office/Warehouse 
 Corporate 
 Our corporate offices are located in Westport, Connecticut and Costa Mesa, California, where we utilize space provided by our Manager. We reimburse our Manager for a portion of the facilities cost based on the space used by staff who dedicate their time to the Company. 
 We believe that our properties and the terms of their leases at each of our businesses are sufficient to meet our present needs and we do not anticipate any difficulty in securing additional space, as needed, on acceptable terms. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 In the normal course of business, we are involved in various claims and legal proceedings. While the ultimate resolution of these matters has yet to be determined, we do not believe that their outcome will have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 
 Arnold 
 Our Arnold subsidiary was named as co-defendant, together with 300 West LLC 300 West ), in a suit filed in the Twenty-Second Judicial Circuit, McHenry County, Illinois, Chancery Division (Case No. 13CH1046) in 2013 by the State of Illinois (the Marengo Litigation ). Arnold leases a site in Marengo, McHenry County, Illinois (the Site from 300 West. Since 2008, Arnold and 300 West have been a part of the Illinois Remediation Program with respect to the Site. In the Marengo Litigation, the State of Illinois claimed that 300 West and Arnold discharged Chlorinated VOCs into the groundwater on-Site, which has since migrated off-Site into private drinking wells. The State of Illinois sought injunctive relief and civil penalties. In June of 2016, the parties entered into a consent order (as amended and restated up and through the date hereof, the Consent Order ). 300 West, at its expense, connected residents whose drinking water was impacted by the alleged release to the City of Marengo s public water supply, as required by the Consent Order. The Consent Order also requires Arnold and 300 West to submit to the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency (IEPA) a comprehensive plan detailing steps to be taken by 300 West and Arnold to remediate on- and off-site soil and groundwater contamination. Discussions between Arnold and 300 West and the IEPA regarding the remediation plan are ongoing. The Consent Order also requires the ultimate settlement of any 
 76 

stipulated and civil penalties related to the Marengo Litigation. In May of 2021, the McHenry County State s Attorney joined the Marengo Litigation as a plaintiff. 
 Certain damages incurred by Arnold in connection with the Marengo Litigation are subject to indemnification pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, among SPS Technologies, LLC SPS ), SPS Technologies Limited SPS Ltd. ), Precision Castparts Corp. (collectively with SPS and SPS Ltd., the SPS Entities ), Arnold and Audax Private Equity Fund, L.P., dated December 20, 2004, and prior consents to indemnification given by the SPS Entities. Arnold has cooperated with the governmental agencies in the Marengo Litigation investigations and proceedings, as well as the obligations agreed to pursuant to the Consent Order. CODI does not believe that the outcome of the Marengo Litigation will have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 77 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common shares of Trust stock has traded on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol CODI . 
 Common Stock Holders 
 On December 31, 2023 there were 15 registered ho lders of our common stock. The number of registered holders includes banks and brokers who act as nominees, each of whom may represent more than one shareholder. 
 COMPARATIVE PERFORMANCE OF SHARES OF TRUST COMMON STOCK 
 The performance graph shown below compares the change in cumulative total shareholder return on common shares of Trust stock with the NYSE Composite Index and the NYSE Financial Sector Index for the previous five years, through the year ended December 31, 2023. The graph sets the beginning value of common shares of Trust stock and the indices at 100, and assumes that all quarterly dividends were reinvested at the time of payment. This graph does not forecast future performance of common shares of Trust stock. 

Year ended December 31, Data 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Compass Diversified Holdings 100.00 217.02 183.39 314.75 196.08 253.90 NYSE Composite Index 100.00 125.51 134.28 162.04 146.89 167.12 NYSE Financial Sector Index 100.00 128.35 125.54 157.42 137.40 161.02 
 
 78 

Distributions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, we declared and paid cash distributions of 1.00 to our common shareholders. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we declared and paid cash distributions of 2.21 to holders of record of our common shares, including a special distribution to shareholders in August 2021. On August 3, 2021, in order to offset a portion of the tax liability to the shareholders as a result of the election to cause the Trust to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company's board of directors declared a special cash distribution on the Trust s common shares of 0.88 per common share. Following the tax reclassification, the Company s board reduced our anticipated annual distribution from 1.44 per Trust common share per year to approximately 1.00 per common share per year. The common cash distributions should generally constitute qualified dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent paid from earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles), provided that the requisite holding period is met. To the extent that the amount of the cash distributions exceeds earnings and profits, such distribution will first be treated as a non-taxable return of capital to the extent of the holder s adjusted tax basis in the shares, and thereafter be treated as capital gain from the sale or exchange of such shares. The Company expects cash distributions will exceed earnings and profits in the 2023 taxable year. 
 The Company plans to continue to declare and pay quarterly cash distributions on all outstanding shares through fiscal 2024, however, the Company s board of directors has full authority and discretion to determine whether or not a distribution by the Company should be declared and paid to the Trust and in turn to our shareholders, as well as the amount and timing of any distribution. The Company s board of directors may, based on their review of our financial condition and results of operations and any future changes to our tax structure, determine to modify future distributions. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 On December 15, 2023, the Company completed the sale of 3,550,000 common shares to Allspring Special Small Cap Value Fund for consideration per share equal to 21.18 per share, or an aggregate sale price of approximately 75.2 million. In connection with the issuance of the Shares, CODI paid a commission equal to 1 of the aggregate sales price, or approximately 752,000. The issuance of the common shares is private placement to an accredited investor and is exempt from registration under the Securities Act, in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering . The sale of the common shares was made pursuant to a subscription agreement pursuant to which the buyer agreed not to dispose of the common shares for a period of six months following the date of the private placement. The proceeds received in connection with the issuance of the common shares was used for general corporate purposes, including the funding of acquisitions. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table presents the total number of shares of common stock purchased during the quarter ended December 31, 2023, the average price paid per share, the number of shares that were purchased as part of a publicly announced repurchase program, if any, and the approximate dollar value of the maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the share repurchase program: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) 
 Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) 
 October 1 - October 31, 2023 42,600,000 November 1 - November 30, 2023 87,500 19.12 87,500 41,000,000 December 1 - December 31, 2023 12,500 20.65 12,500 40,800,000 Total 100,000 19.31 100,000 40,800,000 
 
 (1) In January 2023, the Company's Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase, through December 31, 2023, up to 50.0 million of outstanding common shares of the Trust. All common shares repurchased during the fourth quarter of 2023 were repurchased pursuant to this publicly-announced share repurchase program. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2023, the publicly-announced share repurchase program expired. 
 79 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 80 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 This Item 7 contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Our actual results, performance, prospects or opportunities could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements. Additional risks of which we are not currently aware or which we currently deem immaterial could also cause our actual results to differ, including those discussed in the sections entitled Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Overview 
 Compass Diversified Holdings, a Delaware statutory trust, was incorporated in Delaware on November 18, 2005. Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability Company, was also formed on November 18, 2005. In accordance with the Third Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2021 (as amended and restated, the "Trust Agreement"), the Trust is sole owner of 100 of the Trust Interests (as defined in the Company's Sixth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2021 (as amended and restated, the "LLC Agreement") of the Company and, pursuant to the LLC Agreement, the Company has outstanding the identical number of Trust Interests as the number of outstanding shares of the Trust. Sostratus LLC owns all of our Allocation Interests. The Company is the operating entity with a board of directors and other corporate governance responsibilities, similar to that of a Delaware corporation. 
 The Trust and the Company were formed to acquire and manage a group of small and middle-market businesses headquartered in North America. We characterize small and middle market businesses as those that generate annual cash flows of up to 100 million. We focus on companies of this size because we believe that these companies are more able to achieve growth rates above those of their relevant industries and are also frequently more amenable to efforts to improve earnings and cash flow. 
 In pursuing new acquisitions, we seek businesses with the following characteristics: 
 North American base of operations; 
 stable and growing earnings and cash flow; 
 maintains a significant market share in defensible industry niche (i.e., has a reason to exist 
 solid and proven management team with meaningful incentives; 
 low technological and/or product obsolescence risk; and 
 a diversified customer and supplier base. 
 Our management team s strategy for our subsidiaries involves: 
 utilizing structured incentive compensation programs tailored to each business in order to attract, recruit and retain talented managers to operate our businesses; 
 regularly monitoring financial and operational performance, instilling consistent financial discipline, and supporting management in the development and implementation of information systems to effectively achieve these goals; 
 assisting management in their analysis and pursuit of prudent organic cash flow growth strategies (both revenue and cost related); 
 identifying and working with management to execute attractive external growth and acquisition opportunities; and 
 forming strong subsidiary level boards of directors, including independent directors, to supplement management in their development and implementation of strategic goals and objectives. 
 Based on the experience of our management team and its ability to identify and negotiate acquisitions, we believe we are well positioned to acquire additional attractive businesses. Our management team has a large network of deal intermediaries to whom it actively markets and who we expect to expose us to potential acquisitions. Through this network, as well as our management team s active proprietary transaction sourcing efforts, we typically have a substantial pipeline of potential acquisition targets. In consummating transactions, our management team has, in the past, been able to successfully navigate complex situations surrounding acquisitions, including corporate spin- 
 81 

offs, transitions of family-owned businesses, management buy-outs and reorganizations. We believe the flexibility, creativity, experience and expertise of our management team in structuring transactions provides us with a strategic advantage by allowing us to consider non-traditional and complex transactions tailored to fit a specific acquisition target. 
 In addition, because we intend to fund acquisitions through the utilization of our 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, we do not expect to be subject to delays in or conditions by closing acquisitions that would be typically associated with transaction specific financing, as is typically the case in such acquisitions. We believe this advantage is a powerful one and is highly unusual in the marketplace for acquisitions in which we operate. 
 Initial public offering and Company formation 
 On May 16, 2006, we completed our initial public offering of 13,500,000 shares of the Trust (the IPO ). Subsequent to the IPO the Company s board of directors engaged our Manager to externally manage the day-to-day operations and affairs of the Company, oversee the management and operations of the businesses and to perform those services customarily performed by executive officers of a public company. 
 From May 16, 2006 through December 31, 2023, we purchased twenty-three businesses (each of our businesses is treated as a separate operating segment) and disposed of thirteen businesses. The tables below reflect summarized information relating to our acquisitions and dispositions from the date of our IPO through December 31, 2023 (in thousands): 
 Acquisitions 
 Ownership Interest - December 31, 2023 Business Acquisition Date CODI Purchase Price Primary Diluted CBS Holdings (Staffmark) (1) 
 May 16, 2006 183,200 N/a N/a Crosman (2) 
 May 16, 2006 72,600 N/a N/a Advanced Circuits (3) 
 May 16, 2006 81,000 N/a N/a Silvue May 16, 2006 36,000 N/a N/a Tridien (3) 
 August 1, 2006 31,000 N/a N/a Aeroglide February 28, 2007 58,200 N/a N/a Halo (3) 
 February 28, 2007 62,300 N/a N/a American Furniture August 31, 2007 97,000 N/a N/a FOX (4) 
 January 4, 2008 80,400 N/a N/a Liberty Safe (3) 
 March 31, 2010 70,200 N/a N/a Ergobaby (3) 
 September 16, 2010 85,200 81.6 72.8 CamelBak August 24, 2011 251,400 N/a N/a Arnold Magnetics (3) 
 March 5, 2012 128,800 98 85.5 Clean Earth (3) 
 August 7, 2014 251,400 N/a N/a Sterno (3) (5) 
 October 10, 2014 314,400 99.4 87.6 Manitoba Harvest (3) 
 July 10, 2015 102,700 N/a N/a 5.11 August 31, 2016 408,200 97.2 88.9 Velocity Outdoor (2) (3) 
 June 2, 2017 150,400 99.4 87.7 Altor Solutions (3) 
 February 15, 2018 253,400 99.3 89.8 Maruccci Sports (3) 
 April 20, 2020 201,000 N/a N/a BOA October 16, 2020 456,800 91.8 83.2 Lugano September 3, 2021 265,100 59.9 55.5 PrimaLoft July 12, 2022 541,100 90.7 83.1 
 (1) The total purchase price for CBS Holdings includes the acquisition of Staffmark Investment LLC in January 2008 for a purchase price of 128.6 million. The Company renamed its CBS Personnel business Staffmark subsequent to the acquisition. 
 82 

(2) Velocity Outdoor (formerly "Crosman Corp.") was purchased by the Company in May 2006 and subsequently sold in January 2007. We reacquired Velocity Outdoor in June 2017. 
 (3) The total purchase price does not reflect add-on acquisitions made by our businesses subsequent to their purchase by CODI unless indicated. 
 (4) FOX completed an IPO of its common stock in August 2013 in which we sold a 22 interest in FOX, reducing our ownership interest to 53.9 . In July 2014, FOX completed a secondary offering in which we sold a 12 interest in FOX, reducing our ownership interest to 41 and resulting in the deconsolidation of FOX from our financial results. We subsequently sold our remaining shares of FOX and now hold no ownership interest in FOX. We recognized total net proceeds from the sale of our FOX shares of approximately 465.1 million. 
 (5) The total purchase price of Sterno includes the acquisition of Rimports in February 2018 for a purchase price of 154.4 million. 
 Dispositions 
 Business Date of Disposition Sale Price CODI Proceeds from Disposition (1) 
 Gain (loss) recognized (2) 
 Crosman January 5, 2007 143,000 109,600 35,800 Aeroglide June 24, 2008 95,000 78,500 33,700 Silvue June 25, 2008 95,000 63,600 39,600 Staffmark October 17, 2011 295,000 216,000 88,500 Halo May 1, 2012 76,500 66,500 (300) CamelBak August 3, 2015 412,500 367,800 158,300 American Furniture October 5, 2015 24,100 23,500 (14,100) Tridien September 21, 2016 25,000 22,700 1,700 FOX 526,600 428,700 Manitoba Harvest (3) 
 February 28, 2019 294,300 219,700 121,700 Clean Earth June 28, 2019 625,000 560,520 217,900 Liberty August 3, 2021 147,500 129,600 73,700 Advanced Circuits February 14, 2023 220,000 173,000 106,900 Marucci Sports November 14, 2023 572,000 484,020 241,400 
 (1) CODI portion of the net proceeds from disposition includes debt and equity proceeds and reflects the accounting for the redemption of the sold business's minority shareholders and transaction expenses. 
 (2) Gain (loss) recognized on sale of our businesses is calculated by deducting our total invested capital from the net sale proceeds received and does not include any applicable income tax.. 
 (3) Sale price of Manitoba Harvest was C 370 million. Translation to USD is as of the date of sale. 
 We made loans to and purchased a controlling interest in FOX on January 4, 2008, for approximately 80.4 million. In August 2013, FOX completed an initial public offering of its common stock. As a result of the initial public offering, our ownership interest in FOX was reduced to approximately 53.9 . No gain was reflected as a result of the sale of our FOX shares in the initial public offering because our majority classification of FOX did not change. FOX used a portion of their net proceeds received from the sale of their shares as well as proceeds from a new external FOX credit facility to repay 61.5 million in outstanding indebtedness to us under their existing credit facility with us. In July 2014, through a secondary offering, our ownership in FOX was lowered from approximately 54 to approximately 41 , and as a result we deconsolidated FOX as of July 10, 2014. In March and August 2016, through two more secondary offerings and a share repurchase by FOX, our ownership in the outstanding common stock of FOX was further lowered to approximately 23 as of September 30, 2016. In November 2016, through another secondary offering, our ownership in the outstanding common stock of FOX was further lowered to approximately 14 . On March 13, 2017, FOX closed on a secondary public offering of 5,108,718 shares of FOX common stock held by CODI, which represented CODI's remaining interest in FOX. We recognized total net proceeds from the sales of our FOX shares of approximately 465.1 million, plus proceeds from the repayment of the FOX credit facility of 61.5 million upon completion of their initial public offering, and a total gain of 428.7 million. 
 83 

We are dependent on the earnings of, and cash receipts from, the businesses that we own in order to meet our corporate overhead and management fee expenses and to pay distributions. The earnings and cash receipts from our businesses are generally lowest in the first quarter, and strongest in the third and fourth quarter, of each fiscal year. These earnings and cash receipts, net of any non-controlling interest in these businesses, are available to: 
 meet capital expenditure requirements, management fees and corporate overhead charges; 
 support working capital needs of our businesses and corporate overhead; and 
 be distributed by the Trust to shareholders. 
 2023 Highlights and Recent Events 
 Sale of Marucci 
 On November 1, 2023, the LLC, solely in its capacity as the representative of the holders of stock and options of Wheelhouse Holdings Inc. Wheelhouse ), a majority owned subsidiary of the LLC, entered into a definitive Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Marucci Merger Agreement") with Fox Factory, Inc. Marucci Purchaser ), Marucci Merger Sub, Inc. Marucci Merger Sub and Wheelhouse, pursuant to which Marucci Purchaser agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding securities of Wheelhouse, the parent company of the operating entity, Marucci Sports, LLC, through a merger of Marucci Merger Sub with and into Wheelhouse, with Wheelhouse surviving the merger and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Marucci Purchaser. On November 14, 2023, the parties completed the merger pursuant to the Marucci Merger Agreement. The sale price of Wheelhouse was based on an enterprise value of 572 million, subject to certain adjustments based on matters such as transaction tax benefits, transaction expenses of Wheelhouse, the net working capital and cash and debt balances of Wheelhouse at the time of the closing. After the allocation of the sales price to Wheelhouse non-controlling equityholders and the payment of transaction expenses, CODI received approximately 484.0 million o f total proceeds at closing of which 87.3 million related to the repayment of intercompany loans with the Compa ny . We recorded a pre-tax gain on sale of Marucci of 241.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2023. The proceeds from the Marucci sale were used to pay down outstanding debt under the Company s 2022 Credit Facility and for general corporate purposes. 
 Sale of Advanced Circuits 
 On January 10, 2023, the LLC, solel y in its capacity as the representative of the holders of stock and options of Compass AC Holdings, Inc. Advanced Circuits ), a majority owned subsidiary of the LLC, entered into a definitive Agreement and Plan of Merger ("the ACI Merger Agreement") with APCT Inc. ACI Purchaser ), Circuit Merger Sub, Inc. ACI Merger Sub and Advanced Circuits, pursuant to which ACI Purchaser agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding securities of Advanced Circuits, the parent company of the operating entity, Advanced Circuits, Inc., through a merger of ACI Merger Sub with and into Advanced Circuits, with Advanced Circuits surviving the merger and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of ACI Purchaser (the ACI Merger ). The ACI Merger was completed on February 14, 2023. The sale price of Advanced Circuits was based on an enterprise value of 220 million, subject to certain adjustments based on matters such as the working capital and cash and debt balances of Advanced Circuits at the time of the closing. After the allocation of the sales price to Advanced Circuits non-controlling equity holders and the payment of transaction expenses, the Company received approximately 170.9 million of total proceeds at closing of which 66.9 million related to the repayment of intercompany loans with the Compa ny. We received a working capital settlement of 2.1 million in the second quarter for total proceeds of 173.0 million. We recorded a pre-tax gain on sale of 106.9 million on the sale of Advanced Circuits in the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Acquisition of The Honey Pot 
 On January 31, 2024 (the "Closing Date"), the LLC, through its newly formed acquisition subsidiaries, THP Topco, Inc. , a Delaware corporation THP Topco and THP Intermediate, Inc. , a Delaware corporation THP Buyer ), acquired The Honey Pot Company Holdings, LLC THP and certain of its affiliated entities pursuant to a Merger and Stock Purchase Agreement (the THP Purchase Agreement dated January 14, 2024 by and among THP Buyer, THP, VMG Honey Pot Blocker, Inc. Blocker I ), NVB1, Inc. Blocker II ), VMG Tax-Exempt IV, L.P. Blocker I Seller ), New Voices Fund, LP Blocker II Seller ), THP Merger Sub, LLC THP Merger Sub ), VMG Honey Pot Holdings, LLC, as the Sellers Representative, and certain remaining equity holders of THP (the THP Sellers , together with Blocker I Seller and Blocker II Seller, each a Seller and collectively, the Sellers ). Pursuant to the THP Purchase Agreement, subsequent to certain internal reorganizations, THP Buyer acquired all of the issued and outstanding equity of Blocker I and Blocker II and, thereafter, THP Merger Sub merged with and into THP (the THP Merger ), with THP surviving such that the separate existence of THP Merger Sub ceased, with THP surviving the THP Merger as a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of the THP Topco . THP is the parent company of The Honey Pot Company (DE), LLC The Honey Pot Co. ). 
 84 

The Company paid a purchase price of approximately 380 million, before working capital and certain other adjustments, at the closing (the THP Purchase Price ). The Company funded the THP Purchase Price with cash on hand. Certain minority equity holders of THP executed agreements pursuant to which they contributed a portion of their THP equity (the THP Rollover Equity to THP Topco in exchange for THP Topco common stock. THP Topco contributed the THP Rollover Equity to THP Buyer. Certain other members of The Honey Pot Co. management team also contributed cash in exchange for equity in THP Topco. The Company directly owns approximately 85 of THP Topco, which in turn indirectly owns all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of THP and The Honey Pot Co. Concurrent with the Closing, the Company provided a credit facility to THP Buyer, THP and The Honey Pot Co., as borrowers (the THP Credit Agreement ), pursuant to which a secured revolving loan commitment and secured term loans were made available to Buyer, THP and The Honey Pot Co. (collectively, the Borrowers ). The initial amount outstanding under these facilities on the Closing Date was approxima tely 110 million. 
 The Honey Pot Company Co. is a leading better-for-you feminine care brand that offers an extensive range of holistic wellness products across feminine hygiene, menstrual, consumer health, and sexual wellness categories. The Honey Pot Co. s mission is to educate, support, and provide consumers around the world with the tools and resources that promote menstrual health and vaginal wellness. 
 2023 Distributions 
 Common shares - For the 2023 fiscal year we declared distributions to our common shareholders totali ng 1.00 per share. 
 Preferred shares - For the 2023 fiscal year we declared distributions to our preferred shareholders totaling 1.8125 per share on our Series A Preferred Shares and 1.96875 on our Series B Preferred Shares and 1.96875 on our Series C Preferred Shares. 
 2024 Outlook and Significant Trends Impacting our Subsidiary Businesses 
 Macroeconomic Trends 
 The macroeconomic environment remains dynamic as global macroeconomic trends, including inflationary pressures and rising interest rates, are impacting consumer spending behavior. We expect changing market conditions and continued inflationary pressures to continue to impact consumer spendin g, particularly for discretionary items purchased by low and middle income consumers, even as overall consumer sentiment among other income brackets appears to be improving going into 2024. While overall inflation increased at a slower pace domestically in 2023, prices remain significantly elevated as compared to the pre-COVID-19 environment, and inflation rates remain above central banks' targets. We continue to experience modest inflationary cost increases in our materials and rising labor costs, particularly at our businesses where hourly employees comprise a larger part of the workforce. We expect that low unemployment rates and increasing wage and benefit costs will continue to impact margins at our businesses in 2024. Certain locales that our businesses operate in have also significantly increased the minimum wage over the past two years with more increases scheduled in coming years, which adds additional wage pressure to the rates we pay hourly workers in these locales. 
 Our lead-times for inventory have stabilized, which we expect will allow for more accurate forecasting in 2024. Several of our consumer brand businesses, experienced a decrease in net revenues in 2023 resulting from higher than anticipated end market inventory levels due to supply chain normalization and a corresponding inventory ordering surge experienced in 2022. Transportation costs have also decreased from a peak in 2022, but global geopolitical threats that have arisen in the latter half of 2023 continue to pressure both fuel and freight costs. Accordingly, our liquidity and financial results could be impacted in ways that we are not able to predict today. 
 Despite the negative trends noted above, the diversification of our businesses, concentration in the North American market and actions we have taken over the last few years to improve the overall composition of our subsidiary companies and to reduce our cost of capital have positioned us, we believe, to enter 2024 from a position of strength and continue the strong consolidated performance we had in 2023. 
 Business Outlook 
 The Company anticipates that the areas of focus for 2024, which are generally applicable to each of our businesses, include: 
 Pursuing sales growth through a combination of new product development, increasing distribution, new customer acquisitions and international expansion; 
 85 

Driving free cash flow through increased net income and effective working capital management, enabling continued investment in our businesses; 
 Raising prices, when appropriate, on our goods due to rising input costs to preserve operating margins; 
 Taking market share, where possible, in each of our niche market leading companies, generally at the expense of less well capitalized competitors; 
 Striving for excellence in supply chain management, manufacturing and technological capabilities; 
 Continuing to pursue expense reduction and cost savings in lower margin business lines or in response to lower production volume; and 
 Continuing to grow through disciplined, strategic acquisitions and rigorous integration processes. 
 86 

Results of Operations 
 The following discussion reflects a comparison of the historical results of operations of our consolidated business for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, and components of the results of operations as well as those components presented as a percent of net revenues, for each of our businesses on a stand-alone basis. 
 We acquired PrimaLoft in July 2022 and Lugano Diamonds in September 2021. In the following results of operations, we provide (i) our actual Consolidated Results of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, which includes the historical results of operations of each of our businesses (operating segments) from the date of acquisition in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP" or "US GAAP") and (ii) comparative historical components of the results of operations for each of our businesses on a stand-alone basis Results of Operations Our Businesses ), for each of the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, where all years presented include relevant pro-forma adjustments for pre-acquisition periods and explanations where applicable. For the 2022 acquisition of PrimaLoft, the pro forma results of operations have been prepared as if we purchased this business on January 1, 2021. For the 2021 acquisition of Lugano Diamonds, the pro forma results of operations have been prepared as if we purchased this business on January 1, 2021. We believe this presentation enhances the discussion and provides a more meaningful comparison of operating results. The following operating results of our businesses are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for a full year, going forward. 
 All dollar amounts in the financial tables are presented in thousands. References in the financial tables to percentage changes that are not meaningful are denoted by "NM." 
 Consolidated Results of Operations Compass Diversified Holdings 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net revenues 2,058,876 2,009,130 1,723,502 Cost of revenues 1,165,553 1,226,078 1,061,922 Gross profit 893,323 783,052 661,580 Selling, general and administrative expense 549,589 484,369 418,378 Management fees 68,445 62,604 46,443 Amortization expense 95,820 84,689 73,675 Impairment expense 89,400 20,552 Operating income 90,069 130,838 123,084 Interest expense, net (105,179) (83,492) (58,834) Amortization of debt issuance costs (4,038) (3,740) (2,979) Loss on debt extinguishment (534) (33,305) Other income (expense) 1,743 (2,321) (1,303) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes (17,405) 40,751 26,663 Provision for income taxes 21,331 37,093 15,267 Income (loss) from continuing operations (38,736) 3,658 11,396 
 Year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Net revenues 
 Net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased by approximately 49.7 million or 2.5 compared to the corresponding period in 2022. Our PrimaLoft business, which we acquired in July 2022, contributed 48 million in incremental net revenue in 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 2022, we also saw significant increases in net sales at 5.11 46.9 million increase), Lugano 106.8 million increase) and Arnold 12.9 million increase), partially offset by a decrease in net revenue at BOA 52.9 million decrease ), Velocity Outdoor 60.0 million decrease), Altor Solutions 23.3 million decrease), and Sterno 28.3 million decrease). On a consolidated level, growth in net revenues at our 5.11 and Lugano businesses offset decreases in net revenues at 
 87 

several of our businesses as compared to the prior year. Several of our consumer brand businesses, particularly BOA, PrimaLoft and Velocity, had a decrease in net revenues resulting from higher than anticipated end market inventory levels due to supply chain normalization and a corresponding inventory ordering surge experienced in 2022. Our industrial businesses faced inflationary pressures in the current year, with both Altor and Sterno experiencing decreases in sales as a result. Refer to "Results of Operations - Our Businesses" for a more detailed analysis of net revenue by business segment. 
 We do not generate any revenues apart from those generated by the businesses we own. We may generate interest income on the investment of available funds, but expect such earnings to be minimal. Our investment in our businesses is typically in the form of loans from the Company to such businesses, as well as equity interests in those businesses. Cash flows coming to the Trust and the Company are the result of interest payments on those loans, amortization of those loans and additional principal payments on those loans. However, on a consolidated basis these items will be eliminated. 
 Cost of revenues 
 On a consolidated basis, cost of revenues decreased approximately 60.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to the corresponding period in 2022, primarily as a result of the decrease in net revenues at certain of our subsidiaries. Our PrimaLoft business contributed 18.0 million in incremental cost of revenues for 2023 based on the timing of the acquisition in the prior year. We also saw notable increases in cost of revenues at 5.11 26.6 million increase), Lugano 31.9 million increase) and Arnold 7.4 million increase) that correspond to the revenue increases noted above. We also saw a decrease in cost of revenues at BOA 19.1 million decrease), Altor 38.9 million decrease), Velocity 42.5 million decrease) and Sterno 39.4 million decrease) that corresponded to the decrease in revenue noted above. Gross profit as a percentage of net revenues was approximately 43.4 in the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 39.0 in the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily attributable to the mix of products sold, with increases in net revenue at our higher margin businesses, particularly Lugano . Refer to "Results of Operations - Our Businesses" for a more detailed analysis of gross profit by business segment. 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 Consolidated selling, general and administrative expense increased approximately 65.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to the corresponding period in 2022. Approximately 11 million of the increase was due to our PrimaLoft acquisition in July 2022. We also saw increases in selling, general and administrative expenses at several of our consumer brands due to increased investment in marketing and headcount, particularly 5.11 17.2 million of the increase) and Lugano 27.6 million of the increase ). Refer to "Results of Operations - Business Segments" for a more detailed analysis of selling, general and administrative expense by subsidiary business segment. At the corporate level, general and administrative expense was 18.2 million in 2023 and 16.3 million in 2022, an increase of 1.9 million due to increases in professional fees resulting from increasing regulatory requirements, the timing of investor relation events, and higher staffing costs. 
 Management fees 
 Pursuant to the Management Services Agreement, we pay CGM a quarterly management fee equal to 0.5 (2.0 annually) of our consolidated adjusted net assets. We accrue for the management fee on a quarterly basis. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we incurred approximately 68.4 million in management fees as compared to 62.6 million in fees in the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in management fees is primarily attributable to our acquisition of PrimaLoft in July 2022. CGM entered into a waiver of the MSA for a period through June 30, 2023 to receive a 1 annual management fee related to PrimaLoft, rather than the 2 called for under the MSA, which resulted in a lower management fee paid in the second half of 2022 and the first half of 2023 than would have normally been due. Additionally, CGM had entered into a waiver of the MSA at December 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022 to exclude the cash balances held at the LLC from the calculation of the management fee. 
 Amortization expense 
 Amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased 11.1 million to 95.8 million as compared to the prior year, primarily as a result of the amortization expense associated with the intangibles that were recognized in conjunction with the purchase price allocation for PrimaLoft, which was acquired in July 2022, and an add-on acquisition at Velocity in July 2022. 
 88 

Impairment expense 
 PrimaLoft performed an interim impairment test of their goodwill during the period ended December 31, 2023 as a result o f operating results that were below forecast amounts that were used as the basis for the purchase price allocation at acquisition. Th e impairment test resulted in PrimaLoft recording impairment ex pense of 57.8 million. Velocity performed an interim impairment test of their goodwill during the third quarter of 2023 as a result of operating results that were below the forecast that we used in the quantitative annual impairment test of Velocity at March 31, 2023. The impairment test resulted in Velocity recording 31.6 million impairment expense in the year ended December 31, 2023. Ergobaby performed an interim impairment test of their goodwill during the period ended December 31, 2022, resulting in impairment expense of 20.6 million. 
 Interest expense 
 We recorded interest expense totaling 105.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 83.5 million for the comparable period in 2022, an increase of 21.7 million. The increase in interest expense in the current period reflects the higher interest rate environment in the current year versus the comparable period in the prior year, and higher average amounts outstanding on our revolving credit facility in the current year. While the actual timing and extent of any future increases or decreases in interest rates remains unknown, higher long-term interest rates are expected to affect interest expense on the debt outstanding under our 2022 Credit Facility. 
 Provision for income taxes 
 We had income tax expense of 21.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to income tax expense of 37.1 million in 2022, a decrease of 15.8 million in 2023 as compared to 2022. Our effective tax rate in the year ended December 31, 2023 was (122.6) , compared to an effective income tax rate of 91.0 during the same period in 2022. Our tax rate is affected by recurring items, such as tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the relative amounts of income we earn in those jurisdictions. It is also affected by discrete items that may occur in any given year but are not consistent from year to year. In addition to state income taxes, the items with the most significant impact on the difference between our statutory U.S. federal income tax rate of 21 percent and our effective income tax rate in 2023 was the goodwill impairment expense recorded at PrimaLoft in 2023, which is a permanent difference for tax purposes and therefore did not result in an income tax benefit, and the distribution received by the Trust as a result of the BOA recapitalization. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net revenues 
 Net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by approximately 285.6 million or 16.6 compared to the corresponding period in 2021. Our Lugano business, which we acquired in September 2021, contributed 147.5 million in incremental net revenue in 2022, and PrimaLoft, which we acquired in July 2022, contributed 24.7 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, we also saw significant increases in net sales at 5.11 41.3 million increase), BOA 43.5 million increase), Arnold 13.9 million increase), and Altor Solutions 81.1 million increase), partially offset by a decrease in net revenue at Velocity Outdoor 38.2 million decrease) and Sterno 23.0 million decrease). Add-on acquisitions at Altor (Plymouth Foam in October 2021) and Arnold (Ramco Motors in March 2021) contributed to the growth in revenue at these businesses in 2022. On a consolidated level, our subsidiary businesses were able to increase revenue in 2022 as compared to the prior year as a result of acquisitions and continued strong performance despite increasing economic uncertainty and inflationary pressure during the back half of the year. Refer to "Results of Operations - Our Businesses" for a more detailed analysis of net revenue by business segment. 
 We do not generate any revenues apart from those generated by the businesses we own. We may generate interest income on the investment of available funds, but expect such earnings to be minimal. Our investment in our businesses is typically in the form of loans from the Company to such businesses, as well as equity interests in those businesses. Cash flows coming to the Trust and the Company are the result of interest payments on those loans, amortization of those loans and additional principal payments on those loans. However, on a consolidated basis these items will be eliminated. 
 Cost of revenues 
 On a consolidated basis, cost of revenues increased approximately 164.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the corresponding period in 2021, primarily as a result of the increase in net revenues. Our Lugano business contributed 72.7 million of the increase in cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 
 89 

2022 and our PrimaLoft business contributed 11.0 million of the increase in cost of revenues for 2022. We also saw notable increases in cost of revenues at 5.11 19.5 million increase), BOA 17.7 million increase), Altor 66.9 million increase), and Arnold 9.0 million increase) that correspond to the revenue increases noted above. We also saw a decrease in cost of revenues at Velocity 15.7 million decrease) and Sterno 18.4 million decrease) that corresponded to the decrease in revenue noted above. Gross profit as a percentage of net revenues was approximately 39.0 in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 38.4 in 2021. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily attributable to the acquisition of Lugano in September 2021 and the implementation of price increases at most of our subsidiary businesses in excess of rising costs. Most of our subsidiary businesses continue to experience increased material, labor and transportation costs. The gross margins at both our branded consumer businesses and our industrial businesses have been impacted by global supply chain constraints and inflation that is leading to pressure on revenue and costs. Refer to "Results of Operations - Our Businesses" for a more detailed analysis of gross profit by business segment. 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 Consolidated selling, general and administrative expense increased approximately 66.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, from 418.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 to 484.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. A portion of the increase in the year ended December 31, 2022 is due to our Lugano acquisition in September 2021 28.0 million of the increase) and our PrimaLoft acquisition in July 2022 17.5 million of the increase, of which 5.7 million was attributable to acquisition costs). We also saw an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses at Altor related to the add-on acquisition that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2021, as well as increased investment in marketing and headcount at several of our subsidiary businesses with increased revenues. Refer to "Results of Operations - Business Segments" for a more detailed analysis of selling, general and administrative expense by subsidiary business segment. At the corporate level, general and administrative expense was 16.3 million in 2022 and 17.3 million in 2021. Corporate level general and administrative expense during 2021 included non-recurring professional fees associated with our election for the Trust to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Fees to manager 
 Pursuant to the Management Services Agreement, we pay CGM a quarterly management fee equal to 0.5 (2.0 annually) of our consolidated adjusted net assets. We accrue for the management fee on a quarterly basis. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred approximately 62.6 million in management fees as compared to 46.4 million in fees in the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in Management fees is primarily attributable to our acquisitions of Lugano in September 2021 and PrimaLoft in July 2022, as well as several add-on acquisitions in the fourth quarter of 2021, offset by our sale of Liberty in August 2021. CGM entered into a waiver of the MSA for a period through June 30, 2023 to receive a 1 annual management fee related to PrimaLoft, rather than the 2 called for under the MSA, which resulted in a lower management fee paid in the third and fourth quarter of 2022 than would have normally been due. CGM also had entered into a waiver of the MSA for a period through December 31, 2021 to receive a 1 annual management fee related to BOA, rather than the 2 called for under the MSA, which resulted in a lower management fee paid in the first half of 2021 than would have normally been due. In the first quarter of 2021, the LLC and CGM entered into a waiver agreement whereby CGM agreed to waive the portion of the management fee related to the amount of the cash proceeds deposited with the Trustee that was in excess of the amount payable related to the 2026 Notes at March 31, 2021. Additionally, CGM had entered into a waiver of the MSA at March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022 to exclude the cash balances held at the LLC from the calculation of the management fee. 
 Amortization expense 
 Amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 11.0 million to 84.7 million as compared to the prior year, primarily as a result of the amortization expense associated with the intangibles that were recognized in conjunction with the purchase price allocation for Lugano, which was acquired in September 2021, and PrimaLoft, which was acquired in July 2022. 
 Impairment expense 
 Ergobaby performed an interim impairment test of their goodwill during the period ended December 31, 2022 as a result of operating results that were below historical and forecast amounts. The impairment test resulted in Ergobaby recording impairment expense of 20.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 90 

Interest Expense 
 We recorded interest expense totaling 83.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 58.8 million for the comparable period in 2021, an increase of 24.7 million. The increase in interest expense in 2022 reflects the higher amount outstanding on our senior notes during 2022 after we redeemed 600 million of 8.000 2026 Senior Notes and issued 1000 million of 5.250 2029 Senior Notes in March of 2021, and issued 300 million of 5.000 2032 Senior Notes in November 2021, and higher amounts outstanding on our revolving credit facility in 2022, as well as the interest expense associated with our new 400 million 2022 Term Loan that we entered into in July 2022 in connection with our acquisition of PrimaLoft. 2022 interest expense also reflects the higher interest rate environment applicable to the amounts outstanding under our credit facility. 
 Income Taxes 
 We had income tax expense of 37.1 million with an effective income tax rate of 91.0 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to income tax expense of 15.3 million with an effective income tax rate of 57.5 during the same period in 2021. Our net income from continuing operations before income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 14.1 million as compared to income from continuing operations before taxes for the year ended December 31, 2021 40.8 million in 2022 compared to 26.7 million in 2021). Our income tax provision increased by 21.8 million in 2022 as compared to 2021. Our income from continuing operations before taxes in 2021 included a 33.3 million loss on debt extinguishment that we recognized associated with the repayment of our 600 million 2026 Senior Notes. The loss on debt extinguishment was incurred at the Trust, which at the time was taxed as a partnership for income tax purposes and did not impact the income tax provision in the prior year. On September 1, 2021, the Trust elected to check-the-box to have the Trust treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 In 2022, our provision was driven by the acquisitions of Lugano in September 2021, and an increase in earnings at several of our subsidiary businesses during the year, particularly 5.11, and B OA, as well as the reversal of a 12.1 million tax benefit recorded at the Trust that was recognized in the prior year as a result of the accounting treatment of Advanced Circuits as held-for-sale at December 31, 2021. This benefit reversed in the third quarter of 2022 when Advanced Circuits no longer qualified as held-for-sale. The Company's effe ctive tax rate fluctuates based on, among other factors, where income is earned, the level of income relative to tax attributes and the loss incurred at the Trust related to corporate overhead and management fees incurred. The tax provision reflects the effect of state and local taxes, foreign taxes and the related allocation of income at our subsidiaries, in addition to the effect of the losses at our parent company. 
 Results of Operations Our Businesses 
 We categorize the businesses we own into two separate groups of businesses (i) branded consumer businesses, and (ii) industrial businesses. Branded consumer businesses are characterized as those businesses that we believe capitalize on a valuable brand name in their respective market sector. We believe that our branded consumer businesses are leaders in their particular category. Industrial businesses are characterized as those businesses that focus on manufacturing and selling particular products or services within a specific market sector. We believe that our industrial businesses are leaders in their specific market sector. In the prior year, we announced our desire to acquire businesses in the healthcare sector, with a focus on outsourced pharma, medical manufacturing services and provider services. We have not yet acquired a business in the healthcare sector. 

91 

Branded Consumer Businesses 
 
 5.11 
 Overview 
 5.11 is a leading provider of purpose-built technical apparel and gear for law enforcement, firefighters, EMS, and military special operations as well as outdoor and adventure enthusiasts. 5.11 is a brand known for innovation and authenticity and works directly with end users to create purpose-built apparel, footwear and gear designed to enhance the safety, accuracy, speed and performance of tactical professionals and enthusiasts worldwide. 5.11 operates sales offices and distribution centers globally, and 5.11 products are widely distributed in uniform stores, military exchanges, outdoor retail stores, its own retail stores and on 511tactical.com. 
 Results of Operations 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Net sales 533,089 100.0 486,213 100.0 444,963 100.0 Gross profit 277,301 52.0 257,007 52.9 235,288 52.9 Selling, general and administrative expense 220,870 41.4 203,709 41.9 186,090 41.8 Segment operating income 46,699 8.8 43,531 9.0 39,374 8.8 
 Year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 were 533.1 million, an increase of 46.9 million, or 9.6 , compared to the same period in 2022. This increase is primarily driven by a 29.8 million increase in direct-to-consumer sales largely due to strong demand in digital sales, in addition to sales from new retail store openings since December 2022 (bringing the total store count to 123 as of December 31, 2023). Additionally, international sales increased 8.0 million while domestic wholesale sales increased 7.9 million both resulting from strong demand and inventory availability improvement as compared to the prior year. 
 Gross profit 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net sales was 52.0 in the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to 52.9 in the year ended December 31, 2022. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2023 was unfavorably impacted by increased product costs, promotional activity to sell through seasonal inventory and an increase in inventory reserves, which was offset favorably by price increases, as well as customer mix and product mix. 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased to 220.9 million or 41.4 of net sales compared to 203.7 million or 41.9 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 was largely driven by the costs associated with additional retail stores, increased headcount from December 31, 2022, as well as increased bonus related expenses. These increases were offset by decreases in expenses related to the usage of temporary labor, bad debt expense and other expenses. 
 Segment operating income 
 Segment operating income for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 46.7 million, an increase of 3.2 million when compared to the same period in 2022, based on the factors described above. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 486.2 million, an increase of 41.3 million, or 9.3 , compared to the same period in 2021. This increase is due primarily to direct-to-consumer growth of 19.6 million, 
 92 

up 10 from the prior year comparable period. Retail sales grew largely due to store count growth, as well as positive growth in same-store sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period last year. Net sales were also positively impacted by a 19.4 million, or 23.6 , increase in international sales due to strong demand, and a 7.2 million, or 5 , increase in domestic wholesale sales growth following the fulfillment of backorders and strong demand. 
 Gross profit 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net sales was 52.9 in both the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Gross profit percentage was favorably impacted by price increases, customer mix and product mix, all of which were offset by increased inbound ocean freight charges during the period due to logistic challenges during the year. 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to 203.7 million or 41.9 of net sales compared to 186.1 million or 41.8 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was driven by the costs associated with additional retail stores, increased sales and marketing spend to drive digital sales, and increased travel and entertainment spend coming out of the COVID-19 pandemic. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in bonus related expenses, outside service expenses, variable marketplace expenses and stock-based compensation. 
 Segment operating income 
 Segment operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 43.5 million, an increase of 4.2 million when compared to the same period in 2021, based on the factors described above. 
 
 BOA 
 Overview 
 BOA, creator of the revolutionary, award-winning, patented BOA Fit System, partners with market-leading brands to make the best gear even better. Delivering fit solutions purpose-built for performance, the BOA Fit System is featured in footwear across snow sports, cycling, outdoor, athletic, workwear as well as performance headwear and bracing. The system consists of three integral parts: a micro-adjustable dial, high-tensile lightweight laces, and low friction lace guides creating a superior alternative to laces, buckles, Velcro, and other traditional closure mechanisms. Each unique BOA configuration is designed with brand partners to deliver superior fit and performance for athletes, is engineered to perform in the toughest conditions and is backed by The BOA Lifetime Guarantee. BOA is headquartered in Denver, Colorado and has offices in Austria, Greater China, South Korea, and Japan. 
 Results of Operations 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Net sales 155,825 100.0 208,688 100.0 165,150 100.0 Gross profit 93,038 59.7 126,768 60.7 100,976 61.1 Selling, general and administrative expense 49,023 31.5 52,268 25.0 50,591 30.6 Segment operating income 27,291 17.5 57,810 27.7 33,976 20.6 
 Year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 were 155.8 million, a decrease of 52.9 million or 25.3 when compared to net sales of 208.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 . The decrease was reflected across key industries including Snow Sports, Cycling, Outdoor, Athletic, Workwear and Performance Bracing. The main factor of the decrease in sales was higher than anticipated end market inventory levels due to supply chain 
 93 

normalization and corresponding inventory ordering surge experienced in many of our industries in 2022. We anticipate a normalization of inventory levels by the middle of next year. 
 Gross profit 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net sales was 59.7 for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 60.7 for the same period in 2022. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales during the current year was driven by fixed manufacturing overhead expenses and an increase in depreciation expense related to tooling . 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 49.0 million, or 31.5 of net sales, compared to 52.3 million, or 25.0 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in selling, general and administrative expense of 3.2 million in the current year was primarily due to decreased employee costs related to BOA s bonus plan. 
 Segment operating income 
 Segment operating income was 27.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to 57.8 million in segment operating income in the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 30.5 million based on the factors noted above. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 208.7 million, an increase of 43.5 million or 26.4 when compared to net sales of 165.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was reflected across key industries including Snow Sports, Outdoor, Athletic and Workwear. The three factors impacting their growth rates were market share gains, increased consumer participation as well as accelerated production ordering by BOA s customers due to longer lead times resulting from overall global supply chain constraints. 
 Gross profit 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net sales was 60.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 61.1 for the same period in 2021. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales during 2022 was attributable primarily to increased depreciation expense related to investments in production tooling. 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 52.3 million, or 25.0 of net sales, compared to 50.6 million, or 30.6 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in selling, general and administrative expense of 1.7 million in 2022 was due to increased employee costs related to BOA's bonus plan, incremental headcount and marketing investments. Selling general and administrative expense in the year ended December 31, 2021 included 3.3 million in integration services fees paid to CGM that did not recur in 2022. 
 Segment operating income 
 Segment operating income was 57.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 34.0 million in segment operating income in the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 23.8 million based on the factors noted above. 
 
 Ergobaby 
 Overview 
 Ergobaby, headquartered in Torrance, California, is a designer, marketer and distributor of wearable baby carriers and accessories, blankets and swaddlers, nursing pillows, strollers, bouncers and related products. Ergobaby primarily sells its Ergobaby and Baby Tula branded products through brick-and-mortar retailers, national chain stores, online retailers, its own websites and distributors and derives more than half of its sales from outside of the United States. 
 94 

Results of Operations 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Net sales 93,859 100.0 88,435 100.0 93,631 100.0 Gross profit 60,320 64.3 54,430 61.5 61,139 65.3 Selling, general and administrative expense 47,576 50.7 42,740 48.3 43,923 46.9 Impairment expense 20,552 23.2 Segment operating income (loss) 4,820 5.1 (16,814) (19.0) 9,087 9.7 
 Year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 were 93.9 million, an increase of 5.4 million or 6.1 compared to the same period in 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2023, international sales were approximately 58.8 million, representing an increase of 2.5 million over the corresponding period in 2022 primarily as a res ult of Asia-Pacific and Latin America distributor sales as well as owned websites, offsetting European distributor softness. Domestic sales w ere 35.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2023, reflecting an increase of 2.9 million compared to the corresponding period in 2022. The increase in domestic sales was primarily due to our owned websites as well as key accounts offsetting the closure of a large domestic retailer. 
 Gross profit 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net sales was 64.3 for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 61.5 for the same period in 2022. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales was due to shifts in channel mix and reductions in inbound freight and other manufacturing overhead expenses compared to the prior year. 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased to approximately 47.6 million or 50.7 of net sales compared to 42.7 million or 48.3 of net sales for the same period of 2022. The increase in selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 is due to payroll expenses and accruals, increased outbound freight, warehousing and marketing expenses, as well as increased legal fees. 
 Segment operating income (loss) 
 Segment operating income for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased 21.6 million, to income from operations of 4.8 million, compared to an operating loss of 16.8 million for the same period of 2022. Ergo recognized impairment expense of 20.6 million in 2022 after determining that interim impairment testing was necessary. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 88.4 million, a decrease of 5.2 million or 5.5 compared to the same period in 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, international sales were approximately 56.2 million, representing a decrease of 4.1 million over the corresponding period in 2021 primarily as a result of slower Asia-Pacific distributor sales from continued travel restrictions in the region. The economic slowdown in the United Kingdom also contributed to the decrease. Domestic sales were 32.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, reflecting a decrease of 1.1 million compared to the corresponding period in 2021. The decrease in domestic sales was primarily attributable to lower Tula e-commerce sales versus the prior year. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net sales was 61.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 65.3 for the same period in 2021. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of sales was due to channel mix shifts, 
 95 

increased material costs, increased inbound freight (including air freight) as a result of supply chain shortages, as well as the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in the European Union. 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased to approximately 42.7 million or 48.3 of net sales compared to 43.9 million or 46.9 of net sales for the same period of 2021. The decrease in selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to favorable payroll expenses. 
 Impairment expense 
 Ergobaby performed an interim impairment test of their goodwill during the period ended December 31, 2022 as a result of operating results that were below historical and forecast amounts. The impairment test resulted in Ergobaby recording impairment expense of 20.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Segment operating income (loss) 
 Segment operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 25.9 million, to a loss from operations of 16.8 million, compared to operating income of 9.1 million for the same period of 2021. Ergo recognized impairment expense of 20.6 million in 2022 after determining that interim impairment testing was necessary. 
 
 Lugano 
 Overview 
 Lugano is a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of high-end, one-of-a-kind jewelry sought after by some of the world s most discerning clientele. Lugano conducts sales via its own retail salons as well as pop-up showrooms at Lugano-hosted or sponsored events in partnership with influential organizations in the equestrian, art and philanthropic communities. Lugano is headquartered in Newport Beach, California. 
 Results of Operations 
 In the following results of operations, we provide comparative pro forma results of operations for Lugano for the year ended December 31, 2021 as if we had acquired the business on January 1, 202 1. The results of operations that follow include relevant pro-forma adjustments for pre-acquisition periods and explanations where applicable. The ope rating results for Lugano have been included in the consolidated results of operation from the date of acquisition, September 3, 2021. 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Pro forma Net sales 308,321 100.0 201,507 100.0 125,105 100.0 Gross profit 173,546 56.3 98,596 48.9 58,778 47.0 Selling, general and administrative expense 67,531 21.9 39,960 19.8 23,846 19.1 Segment operating income 100,306 32.5 53,015 26.3 29,165 23.3 
 Pro forma financial information for Lugano for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes pre-acquisition results of operations for the period from January 1, 2021 through September 3, 2021, the acquisition date of Lugano, for comparative purposes. The historical results of Lugano have been adjusted to reflect the purchase accounting adjustments recorded in connection with the acquisition. Pro forma results of operations include the following pro forma adjustments as if we had acquired Lugano January 1, 2021: 
 Depreciation expense associated with the increase in depreciable lives of capital assets of 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Amortization expense associated with the intangible assets recorded in connection with the purchase price allocation for Lugano of 5.0 mil lion for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Management fees that would have been payable to the Manager during the period. 
 96 

Year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased approximately 106.8 million or 53.0 , to 308.3 million, compared to the corresponding year ended December 31, 2022. Lugano sells high-end jewelry primarily through retail salons in California, Florida, Texas, Washington D.C., Colorado and Connecticut, and via pop-up showrooms at multiple equestrian, social and charitable functions each year. In the current year, Lugano has experienced an increase in sales from its existing locations as it has invested in building out its inventory as well as its sales, marketing and event staff, while increasing the number of social and charitable functions it has attended. Lugano also opened its Washington D.C. location in March 2023, its Greenwich, Connecticut location in September 2023, and its Palm Beach, Florida flagship location in November 2023, and expects to open more retail locations in the near term to further expand sales opportunities. 
 Gross profit 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net sales totaled approximately 56.3 in the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 48.9 in the year ended December 31, 2022. Lugano has an extensive network of suppliers through which they procure high quality diamonds and gemstones, which make up a significant percentage of the cost of sales. The uniqueness of the Lugano jewelry can lead to fluctuations in margins from period to period based on what designs are sold during the period. In the prior year, Lugano recorded 5.5 million in amortization of the inventory step-up resulting from the acquisition purchase price allocation. Excluding the effect of the step-up amortization, the gross profit as a percentage of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 51.7 . 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased to approximately 67.5 million or 21.9 of net sales compared to 40.0 million or 19.8 of net sales for the same period of 2022. The increase in selling, general and administrative expense is attributable to increased marketing spend and personnel costs in support of Lugano s growth in sales and expansion into new markets as well as rent and operating costs for its new locations. 
 Segment operating income 
 Segment operating income increased 47.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2023 to 100.3 million compared to segment operating income of 53.0 million during the same period in 2022, principally as a result of the increase in sales and gross profit in 2023, as described above. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the Pro forma Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased approximately 76.4 million or 61.1 , to 201.5 million, compared to the corresponding year ended December 31, 2021. The sales in the first half of 2021 were impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic which limited the number of events attended by Lugano and led to reduced net sales as compared to 2022. In the year ended December 31, 2022 Lugano experienced an increase in sales as it has invested in building out its sales, marketing and event staff and increased the number of events it has attended. 
 Gross profit 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net sales totaled approximately 48.9 in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 47.0 in the year ended December 31, 2021. Lugano has an extensive network of suppliers through which they procure high quality diamonds and gemstones, which make up a significant percentage of the cost of sales. The uniqueness of the Lugano jewelry can lead to fluctuations in margins from period to period based on what designs are sold during the period. In the year ended December 31, 2022, Lugano recorded 5.5 million in amortization of the inventory step-up resulting from the acquisition purchase price allocation. Excluding the effect of the step-up amortization, the gross profit as a percentage of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 51.7 . In 2021, Lugano recorded 2.8 million in amortization to cost of goods sold related to the amortization of inventory step-up resulting from the acquisition purchase price allocation. Excluding the effect of the inventory step-up, the gross profit as a percentage of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 49.2 . 
 97 

Selling, general and administrative expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to approximately 40.0 million or 19.8 of net sales compared to 23.8 million or 19.1 of net sales for the same period of 2021. Lugano significantly increased its head count in 2022 as it invested in additional professionals to support its growth, and expanded its investment in advertising and marketing spend during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Segment operating income 
 Segment operating income increased 23.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 to 53.0 million compared to segment operating income of 29.2 million during the same period in 2021, principally as a result of the increase in sales and gross profit in 2022, as described above. 
 
 PrimaLoft 
 Overview 
 PrimaLoft Technologies is a leading provider of branded, high-performance synthetic insulation and materials used primarily in consumer outerwear and accessories. The portfolio of PrimaLoft synthetic insulations offers products that can both mimic natural down aesthetics and provide the freedom to design garments ranging from stylish puffers to lightweight performance apparel. PrimaLoft insulations also offer superior economics to the brand partner and enable better sustainability characteristics through the use of recycled, low-carbon inputs. PrimaLoft is headquartered in Latham, New York. 
 Results of Operations 
 In the following results of operations, we provide comparative pro forma results of operations for PrimaLoft for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as if we had acquired the business on January 1, 202 1. The results of operations that follow include relevant pro-forma adjustments for pre-acquisition periods and explanations where applicable. The ope rating results for PrimaLoft have been included in the consolidated results of operation from the date of acquisition, July 12, 2022. 
 Year ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands) Pro forma Pro forma Net sales 67,053 100.0 79,929 100.0 65,882 100.0 Gross profit 42,015 62.7 47,513 59.4 40,153 60.9 Selling, general and administrative expense 19,448 29.0 27,576 34.5 17,308 26.3 Amortization expense 20,814 31.0 20,814 26.0 20,814 31.6 Impairment expense 57,810 86.2 Segment operating income (loss) (57,057) (85.1) (1,877) (2.3) 1,031 1.6 
 Pro forma results of operations include the following pro form adjustments as if we had acquired PrimaLoft January 1, 2021: 
 Amortization expense associated with the intangible assets recorded in connection with the purchase price allocation of PrimaLoft of an additiona l 6.4 million and 11.8 million, respectiv ely, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Management fees of 1.0 million that would have been payable to the Manager during each period. 
 Year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the Pro forma Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 were 67.1 million, a decrease of 12.9 million as compared to net sales of 79.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in net sales during the year ended December 31, 2023 is attributabl e to higher than anticipated end market inventory levels leading to lower ordering from existing customers in the first half of the year. We expect that retail ordering will begin to normalize in 2024. 
 98 

Gross profit 
 Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2023 decreased 5.5 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the decrease in net sales noted above. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 62.7 , as compared to gross profit as a percentage of sales of 59.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022. In the prior year, PrimaLoft record ed 0.6 million in amortization of the inventory step-up resulting from the acquisition purchase price allocation. Excluding the effect of the step-up amortization, the gross profit as a percentage of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 60.2 . Gross profit as a percentage of sales increased year over year primarily due to price increases implemented in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Selling general and administrative expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 19.4 million, or 29.0 of net sales compared to 27.6 million, or 34.5 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. Selling, general and administrative expense in the year ended December 31, 2022 included 5.8 million in transaction costs associated with the Company's acquisition of PrimaLoft. Excluding the transaction costs, selling, general and administrative expense decre ased approximately 2.4 million due to a decrease in stock compensation and a reduction in marketing costs. 
 Impairment expense 
 PrimaLoft performed an interim impairment test of their goodwill as of December 31, 2023 as a result of operating results that were below forecast amounts that were used as the basis for the purchase price allocation at acquisition . The impairment test resulted in PrimaLoft recording impairment expense of million in the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Segment operating loss 
 Segment operating loss for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 57.1 million compared to segment operating loss of 1.9 million for the same period in 2022, primarily as a result of the goodwill impairment recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Pro Forma Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the Pro forma Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 79.9 million, an increase of 14.0 million as compared to net sales of 65.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net sales during the year ended December 31, 2022 was a result of gain in market share with brand partners from down and synthetic alternatives, and also strong growth within the outdoor market. 
 Gross profit 
 Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 7.4 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 59.4 , as compared to gross profit as a percentage of sales of 60.9 for the year ended December 31, 2021. In the year ended December 31, 2022, PrimaLoft recorded 0.6 million in amortization of the inventory step-up resulting from the acquisition purchase price allocation. Excluding the effect of the step-up amortization, the gross profit as a percentage of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 60.2 . Gross profit as a percentage of sales decreased year over year primarily due to an increase in input costs ahead of price increases. 
 Selling general and administrative expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 27.6 million, or 34.5 of net sales compared to 17.3 million, or 26.3 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2021. Selling, general and administrative expense in 2022 includes 5.8 million of transaction costs related to the Company's acquisition of PrimaLoft, and 2.4 million in integration services fees. 
 Segment operating income (loss) 
 Segment operating loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.9 million, a decrease of 2.9 million when compared to segment operating income of 1.0 million for the same period in 2021, primarily as a result of the factors noted above. 
 99 

Velocity Outdoor 
 Overview 
 Velocity Outdoor is a leading designer, manufacturer, and marketer of airguns, archery products, laser aiming devices, hunting apparel and related accessories. Velocity Outdoor offers its products under the Crosman, Benjamin, LaserMax, Ravin, CenterPoint and King's Camo brands that are available through national retail chains, mass merchants, dealer and distributor networks. The airgun product category consists of air rifles, air pistols and a range of accessories including targets, holsters and cases. Velocity Outdoor's other primary product categories are archery, with products including CenterPoint and Ravin crossbows, consumables, which includes steel and plastic BBs, lead pellets and CO2 cartridges, lasers for firearms, and airsoft products. The apparel category offers hunting and casual apparel utilizing King s own proprietary camo patterns. 
 Results of Operations 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Net sales 172,190 100.0 232,238 100.0 270,426 100.0 Gross profit 45,161 26.2 62,686 27.0 85,147 31.5 Selling, general and administrative expense 36,316 21.1 33,867 14.6 35,790 13.2 Impairment expense 31,590 18.3 Segment operating income (loss) (32,828) (19.1) 18,961 8.2 39,725 14.7 
 Year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 were 172.2 million compared to net sales of 232.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 60.0 million or 25.9 . The decrease in net sales during the year ended December 31, 2023 is primarily due to declining consumer demand in the overall outdoor sporting goods category and retailers reducing the inventory days on hand. 
 Gross profit 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net sales was 26.2 for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to 27.0 in the year December 31, 2022. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales was primarily attributable to customer and p roduct mix. 
 Selling general and administrative expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 36.3 million, or 21.1 of net sales compared to 33.9 million, or 14.6 of net sales, for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in selling, general and administrative expense was primarily driven by reduced revenue and marketing investments associated with the King's acquisition. 
 Impairment expense 
 Velocity performed an interim impairment test of their goodwill during the quarter ended September 30, 2023 as a result of operating results that were below forecast amounts that were used in quantitative impairment testing performed in March 2023. The impairment test resulted in Velocity recording impairment expense of 31.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Segment operating income (loss) 
 Segment operating loss for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 32.8 million, a decrease of 51.8 million when compared to segment operating income of 19.0 million for the comparable period in 2022. The decrease in segment operating income in the year ended December 31, 2022 reflects the factors noted above. 
 100 

Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 232.2 million compared to net sales of 270.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 38.2 million or 14.1 . The decrease in net sales during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to inflationary pressures impacting demand for lower-priced Airgun and Archery products partially offset by the impact of the King's Camo acquisition. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net sales was 27.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 31.5 in the year December 31, 2021. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales was primarily attributable to product mix as Velocity sold more legacy products with lower margins versus new models at higher margins along with increased supply chain costs. 
 Selling general and administrative expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 33.9 million, or 14.6 of net sales compared to 35.8 million, or 13.2 of net sales, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in selling, general and administrative expense was driven by the decrease in net sales as spending on selling, general and administrative expense was down year-over-year driven by volume related expenses. 
 Segment operating income 
 Segment operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 19.0 million, a decrease of 20.8 million when compared to segment operating income of 39.7 million for the comparable period in 2021. The decrease in segment operating income in the year ended December 31, 2022 reflects the factors noted above. 

Industrial Businesses 
 
 Altor Solutions 
 Overview 
 Founded in 1957 and headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona, Altor Solutions is a designer and manufacturer of custom molded protective foam solutions and original equipment manufacturer (OEM) components made from expanded polystyrene (EPS) and expanded polypropylene (EPP). Altor operates 15 molding and fabricating facilities across North America and provides products to a variety of end-markets, including appliances and electronics, pharmaceuticals, health and wellness, automotive, building products and others. 
 Results of Operations 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Net sales 238,030 100.0 261,338 100.0 180,217 100.0 Gross profit 73,616 30.9 58,029 22.2 43,759 24.3 Selling, general and administrative expense 28,666 12.0 23,031 8.8 17,068 9.5 Segment operating income 34,566 14.5 24,591 9.4 17,962 10.0 
 Year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 were 238.0 million, a decrease of 23.3 million, or 8.9 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in net sales during the period was due to lower volume as compared to the prior year, primarily in construction and building products. 
 101 

Gross profit 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net sales was 30.9 and 22.2 , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in the year ended December 31, 2023 was primarily due to the combination of customer sales mix and raw material pricing adjustments. 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 28.7 million as compared to 23.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 5.6 million. The increase in selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 is primarily attributable to investments in organizational structure and the implementation of various strategic initiatives. 
 Segment operating income 
 Segment operating income was 34.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to 24.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 10.0 million based on the factors noted above. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 261.3 million, an increase of 81.1 million, or 45.0 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net sales during the year was primarily due to the acquisition of Plymouth Foam in October 2021, organic growth in Altor's appliance and cold chain customer sectors, and contractual and general increases in selling prices during the latter half of 2021 and the first half of 2022. Plymouth Foam sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 64.2 million. 
 Gross profit 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net sales was 22.2 and 24.3 , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to increases in the price of Altor's primary raw material, expanded polystyrene ("EPS"), and increased operating costs, particularly labor. We expect gross profit as a percentage of net sales to improve in the near to intermediate term as we have contractual price increases planned and we expect raw material input costs to stabilize. 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 23.0 million as compared to 17.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 6.0 million. The increase in selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily attributable to the acquisition of Plymouth Foam in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 Segment operating income 
 Segment operating income was 24.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 18.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 6.6 million based on the factors noted above. 
 
 Arnold 
 Overview 
 Arnold serves a variety of markets including aerospace and defense, general industrial, motorsport/ transportation, oil and gas, medical, energy, reprographics and advertising specialties. Over the course of more than 100 years, Arnold has successfully evolved and adapted its products, technologies, and manufacturing presence to meet the demands of current and emerging markets. Arnold engineers solutions for and produces high performance permanent magnets (PMAG), stators, rotors and full electric motors ("Ramco"), precision foil products (Precision Thin Metals or "PTM"), and flexible magnets (Flexmag that are mission critical in motors, generators, sensors and other systems and components. Based on its long-term relationships, Arnold has built a diverse and blue-chip customer base totaling more than 2,000 customers and leading systems-integrators worldwide with a focus on North America, Europe, and Asia. Arnold has built a preferred rare earth supply chain and has leading rare earth and other permanent magnet production capabilities. Arnold is the largest and, we believe, the most technically advanced U.S. solutions provider and manufacturer of engineered magnetic systems. 
 102 

Results of Operations 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Net sales 166,679 100.0 153,815 100.0 139,941 100.0 Gross profit 49,812 29.9 44,384 28.9 39,463 28.2 Selling, general and administrative expense 25,224 15.1 24,360 15.8 22,751 16.3 Segment operating income 21,587 13.0 16,700 10.9 11,988 8.6 
 Year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 were approximately 166.7 million, an increase of 12.9 million compared to the same period in 2022. The increase in net sales is primarily a result of increased demand in several markets including aerospace and defense, and industrial. International sales were 51.1 million and 47.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, an increase of 3.2 million. 
 Gross profit 
 Gross profit was 49.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to 44.4 million for the same period in 2022. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased to 29.9 in 2023 from 28.9 in 2022, principally due to product mix and operational improvements.. 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense in the year ended December 31, 2023 was 25.2 million as compared to approximately 24.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in selling general and administrative expense was due to increased staffing related costs and increased travel and legal expenses. Selling, general and administrative expense represented 15.1 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to 15.8 for the same period in 2022. The decrease in selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales was due to overall higher sales volume as compared to the prior year. 
 Segment operating income 
 Arnold had segment operating income of approximately 21.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to segment operating income of 16.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 4.9 million year over year based on the factors stated above. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 153.8 million, an increase of 13.9 million compared to the same period in 2021. The increase in net sales was primarily a result of increased demand in several markets including industrial and transportation, driven in part by the acquisition of Ramco Electric Motors, Inc. in March 2021. International sales were 47.9 million and 43.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 4.9 million. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit was 44.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 39.5 million for the same period in 2021. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased to 28.9 in 2022 from 28.2 in 2021, principally due to increased volume, favorable product mix and improvements in operating efficiencies. 
 103 

Selling, general and administrative expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense in the year ended December 31, 2022 was 24.4 million as compared to approximately 22.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in selling general and administrative expense was due primarily to increased staffing related costs driven in part by the acquisition of Ramco Electric Motors, Inc. in March 2021, and increased travel and commission expenses. Selling, general and administrative expense represented 15.8 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 16.3 for the same period in 2021. The decrease in selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales was due to overall higher sales volume as compared to the prior year. 
 Segment operating income 
 Arnold had segment operating income of approximately 16.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to segment operating income of 12.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 4.7 million year over year based on the factors stated above. 
 
 Sterno 
 Overview 
 Sterno, headquartered in Plano, Texas, is the parent company of Sterno, LLC ("Sterno Products") and Rimports Inc. ("Rimports"). Sterno is a leading manufacturer and marketer of portable food warming systems, creative indoor and outdoor lighting, and home fragrance solutions for the consumer markets. Sterno also manufactures creative indoor and outdoor lighting and home fragrance solutions for consumer markets. Sterno offers a broad range of wick and gel chafing systems, butane stoves and accessories, liquid and traditional wax candles, catering equipment and lamps through Sterno Products, as well as scented wax cubes, warmer products, outdoor lighting and essential oils used for home decor and fragrance systems, through Rimports. 
 Results of Operations 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Net sales 323,830 100.0 352,152 100.0 375,127 100.0 Gross profit 78,514 24.2 67,426 19.1 72,010 19.2 Selling, general and administrative expense 36,713 11.3 30,594 8.7 32,856 8.8 Segment operating income 24,852 7.7 19,801 5.6 19,877 5.3 
 Year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 were approximately 323.8 million, a decrease of 28.3 million or 8.0 compared to net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. The net sales variance reflects lower sales due to increased competition in the categories serviced by Sterno Products and Rimports as well as changes in consumer discretionary buying behaviors at Rimports as a result of inflationary pressures. 
 Gross profit 
 Gross profit was 78.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to 67.4 million for the same period in 2022. The increase in gross profit during 2023 as compared to 2022 was p rimarily attribut able to lower freight costs and favorable material costs across the businesses and the effect of a price increase at Sterno Products. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased from 19.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022 to 24.2 for the same period ended December 31, 2023. 
 104 

Selling, general and administrative expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 was approximately 36.7 million as compared to 30.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 6.1 million or 20.0 , reflecting an increase in marketing expense, salaries and benefits for both divisions of the company in the current year. Selling, genera l and administrative expense represented 11.3 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 8.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Segment operating income 
 Segment operating income for the year ended December 31, 2023 was approximately 24.9 million, an increase of 5.1 million when compared to the same period in 2022, based on the factors noted above. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 352.2 million, a decrease of 23.0 million or 6.1 compared to net sales for the year ended December 31, 2021. The net sales variance reflects softer sales at Rimports due to change in discretionary consumer buying behaviors due to inflation pressures, partially offset by stronger sales at Sterno as compared to the prior year with increased business travel and conventions. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit was 67.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 72.0 million for the same period in 2021. The decrease in gross profit during 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily attributable to the decrease in sales volume at Rimports, and increases in raw material costs and freight driven by inflation. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased from 19.2 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 19.1 for the same period ended December 31, 2022. 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 30.6 million as compared to 32.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 2.3 million or 6.9 , reflecting lower salaries and commissions. Selling, general and administrative expense represented 8.7 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 8.8 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Segment operating income 
 Segment operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 19.8 million, a decrease of 0.1 million when compared to the same period in 2021, based on the factors noted above as well as a decrease in amortization expense year over year due to the full amortization of certain intangible assets in the prior year. 

105 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We generate cash primarily from the operations of our subsidiaries, and we have the ability to borrow under our 2022 Credit Facility to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. In 2021, we filed a prospectus supplement pursuant to which we may, but we have no obligation to, issue and sell up to 500 million shares of the common shares of the Trust in amounts and at times to be determined by us. Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by us from time to time, including, market conditions, the trading price of Trust common shares and determinations by us regarding appropriate sources of funding. Our principal uses of cash are operating expenses, payment of management fees, capital expenditures, working capital needs, debt service, dividends on our common and preferred Trust shares, and strategic growth initiatives, including acquisitions. We had total available cash and cash equivalents of 450.5 million and 56.6 million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In November 2023, we sold our Marucci subsidiary, receiving approximately 484.0 million o f total proceeds at closing. A portion of the proceeds from the Marucci sale were used to pay down outstanding debt under the Company s 2022 Revolving Credit Facility and the remaining amount was held in short term investment and savings accounts at December 31, 2023. On January 31, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of The Honey Pot using cash held on our balance sheet. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had 1,000 million of indebtedness associated with our 5.250 2029 Notes, 300 million of indebtedness associated with our 5.000 2032 Notes, and 385 million outstanding on our 2022 Term Loan, and no amount outstanding on our 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. Only our 2022 Term Loan has required principal payments. Long-term debt liquidity requirements consist of the payment in full of our Notes upon their respective maturity dates, amounts outstanding under our 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, if any, upon its maturity date, and principal payments under our 2022 Term Loan. The 2022 Term Loan requires quarterly payments ranging from 2.5 million to 7.5 million, commencing September 30, 2022, with a final payment of all remaining principal and interest due on July 12, 2027, which is the 2022 Term Loan s maturity date. At December 31, 2023, approximately 23 of our outstanding debt was subject to interest rate changes. 
 The following table summarizes our cash activity for the years presented: 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Cash provided by (used in) operating activities 78,080 (28,291) 134,051 Cash provided by (used in) investing activities 570,503 (626,725) (317,496) Cash (used in) provided by financing activities (260,163) 556,885 273,206 Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 786 (1,331) 228 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 389,206 (99,462) 89,989 
 Cash Flow from Operating Activities 
 2023 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities totaled approximately 78.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, which represents an increase of 106.4 million compared to cash flow used in operating activities of 28.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. A majority of the increase in cash provided by operating activities was due to a decrease in cash used for working capital in 2023. Cash used in operating activities for working capital for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 153.3 million, as compared to cash used in operating activities for working capital of 224.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in the use of cash for working capital in the year ended December 31, 2023 primarily reflects inventory management strategies, as several of our businesses worked through higher inventory levels than normal during 2023. In the prior year, these businesses substantially increased inventory levels to combat supply chain issues given longer lead times, resulting in higher cash outflows throughout the year. The use of cash for working capital also reflects significant inventory build at Lugano during both 2022 and 2023. Lugano used significant cash to build inventory to support its sales growth strategy in both 2022 and 2023, with net inventory build of 157.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2023, and 104.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. We believe that the use of working capital in 2023 reflects a more normalized use of cash by our businesses as supply chains have normalized over the past year, although Lugano will continue to use working capital to support its sales growth. 
 106 

2022 
 Cash flows used in operating activities totaled approximately 28.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which represents a decrease of 162.3 million compared to cash flow provided by operating activities of 134.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash flows in 2022 was primarily attributable to an increase in cash used for working capital. Cash used in operating activities for working capital for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 252.4 million, as compared to cash used in operating activities for working capital of 83.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. We typically have a higher usage of cash for working capital in the first half of the year as most of our companies will build up inventories after the fourth quarter; however, in 2022, several of our subsidiary businesses substantially increased inventory levels to combat supply chain issues given longer lead times, resulting in higher cash outflows throughout the year. The increase in cash used in operating activities for working capital in 2022 also reflects the acquisition of Lugano in the third quarter of the prior year. Lugano has used significant cash to build inventory to support its sales growth strategy (approximately 104.5 million in cash used for inventory purchases in 2022). 
 2021 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities totaled approximately 134.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which represented a decrease of 14.6 million compared to cash flow from operating activities of 148.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease in cash flows in 2021 was primarily attributable to an increase in cash used for working capital. Cash used in operating activities for working capital for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 81.0 million, as compared to cash provided by operating activities for working capital of 2.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. We typically have a higher usage of cash for working capital in the first half of the year as most of our companies will build up inventories after the fourth quarter. In 2021, several of our businesses had higher inventory levels than normal given significantly longer lead times due to supply chain issues, which led to higher levels of inventory at December 31, 2021. In 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic led our businesses to implement a variety of steps to conserve cash and increase liquidity given the uncertainty in the economy, resulting in a lower usage of cash for working capital. The increase in cash used in operating activities for working capital also reflected the acquisitions of Marucci Sports and BOA in the second and fourth quarter, respectively, of 2020, and Lugano in the third quarter of 2021. 
 Cash Flow from Investing Activities 
 2023 
 Cash flows provided by investing activities totaled approximately 570.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to 626.7 million used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022. Investing activities in the year ended December 31, 2023 reflect the proceeds received from our sale of Advanced Circuits in February 2023 and Marucci in November 2023 (total proceeds of 500.3 million ). The cash flows used in investing activities in 2022 reflect our acquisition of PrimaLoft in the third quarter of 2022, and a small add-on acquisition at our Velocity business. The total amount of cash used for acquisitions in 2022 totaled 570.5 million (including 1.5 million in cash used for acquisitions that is included in discontinued operations). 
 Our spending on capital expenditures decr eased 5.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, with 55.8 million in capital expenditures in 2023 and 61.0 million in capital expenditures in 2022. The decrease in capital expenditures is primarily due to the number of new retail stores opened at 5.11 in 2023 compared to 2022 (13 stores opened in 2023 and 25 in 2022). We expect capital expenditures for fiscal year 2024 to be ap proximately 50 million to 60 million. 
 2022 
 Cash flows used in investing activities totaled approximately 626.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 317.5 million used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021. Investing activities in 2022 reflected our acquisition of PrimaLoft in the third quarter of 2022, and a small add-on acquisition at our Velocity business. The total amount of cash used for acquisitions in 2022 totaled 570.5 million. Investing activities in 2021 reflected our acquisition of Lugano in September 2021, plus add-on acquisitions at Arnold (Ramco Electric Motors), Altor Solutions (Plymouth Foam) and Marucci (Lizard Skins) for total cash used in acquisitions of 404.3 million. The cash flows used in investing activities in the prior year was offset by the proceeds received from our sale of Liberty Safe in August 2021 101.0 million in proceeds). 
 107 

Our spending on capital expenditures increased 23.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, with 64.3 million in capital expenditures in 2022 and 40.6 million in capital expenditures in 2021. The increase in capital expenditures was primarily to support the retail store growth at both 5.11 and Lugano. 
 2021 
 Cash flows used in investing activities totaled approximately 317.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 700.8 million used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2020. Investing activities in 2021 reflect our acquisition of Lugano in September 2021, plus add-on acquisitions at Arnold (Ramco Electric Motors), Altor Solutions (Plymouth Foam) and Marucci (Lizard Skins) 404.3 million), while investing activities in 2020 reflect our acquisition of Marucci in April 2020, BOA in October 2020 and an add-on acquisition by Altor Solutions in July 2020 667.1 million). The cash flows used in investing activities in 2021 was offset by the proceeds received from our sale of Liberty Safe in August 2021 101.0 million in proceeds). 
 Our spending on capital expenditures increased 11.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, with 39.9 million in capital expenditures in 2021 and 28.8 million in capital expenditures in 2020. The additional capital expenditures reflects our acquisitions of Marucci in the second quarter of 2020 and BOA in the fourth quarter of 2020, as well as an increase in expenditures in 2021 after reduced spending in 2020 as our businesses limited spending during the early stages of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Cash Flow from Financing Activities 
 2023 
 Cash flows used in financing activities totaled approximately 260.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to cash flows provided by financing activities of 556.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. In 2023, we used the proceeds from the sale of our Marucci business to repay the amount outstanding on our 2022 Revolving Credit Facility 155 million in net outflows). Financing activities in 2023 reflects 9.3 million in purchases under our share repurchase program, and 74.3 million in proceeds from a private placement completed in the fourth quarter. Financing activities in 2023 reflect the payment of our common and preferred share distributions, and a distribution to our allocation interests holders of 26.5 million related to our sale of ACI. Additionally, financing activities in 2023 reflects cash paid to noncontrolling shareholders related to our recapitalization of BOA in December 2023 11.7 million in distributions to noncontrolling shareholders at BOA). 
 2022 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities totaled approximately 556.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to cash flows provided by financing activities of 273.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into our 2022 Credit Facility which provides for a 400 million term loan. The net amount of cash provided by debt proceeds under our 2022 Credit Facility in 2022, including the 2022 Term Loan and draws on our revolving credit facility, was 550.0 million, which was used primarily to fund our acquisition of PrimaLoft in July 2022. Financing activities also reflect the payment of our common and preferred share distributions. Additionally, financing activities in 2022 reflects cash received from noncontrolling shareholders related to our acquisition of PrimaLoft in 2022 35.3 million in cash proceeds provided by noncontrolling shareholders), and paid to noncontrolling shareholders related to our recapitalization of Ergobaby in February 2022 11.3 million in distributions to noncontrolling shareholders at Ergobaby). In September 2021, we filed a prospectus supplement and entered into a Sales Agreement for an At-the-Market program pursuant to which we may sell common shares of the Trust. We received 83.9 million in net cash proceeds from the sale of Trust common shares under this program in 2022. 
 2021 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities totaled approximately 273.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to cash flows used in financing activities of 521.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. During the first quarter of 2021, we completed an offering of 1,000.0 million of our 2029 Notes, and used the proceeds to pay down our 2018 Revolving Credit Facility and pay off the existing 2026 Notes. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we completed an offering of 300.0 million of our 2032 Notes, and used the proceeds to pay down our 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. Financing activities in 2021 reflect the payment of our common and preferred share distributions. In 2021 we also paid a special common share distribution of 57.1 million to our shareholders upon the reclassification of the Trust to a corporation for income tax purposes. In September 2021, we filed a prospectus supplement and entered into a Sales Agreement for an At-the-Market program pursuant to which we may sell 
 108 

common shares of the Trust. We received 114.6 million in net cash proceeds from the sale of Trust common shares under this program in 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we made a distribution to the Allocation Member of 17.3 million related to the five-year Holding Event of our Liberty, Ergobaby and ACI business, and 16.8 million related to the Sale Event of Liberty Safe. The Liberty and Ergobaby Holding Events occurred in 2020 but the profit allocation distribution to Holders were not declared by our Board of Directors until the first quarter of 2021. 
 Total Liabilities and Intercompany loans to our businesses 
 The following table summarizes the total liabilities and intercompany debt of our business as of December 31, 2023: 
 (in thousands) Intercompany Loans Total Liabilities 5.11 145,593 304,855 BOA 211,120 281,549 Ergobaby 81,925 92,401 Lugano 382,628 463,026 PrimaLoft 161,500 222,268 Velocity Outdoor 112,175 143,810 Arnold 65,247 104,808 Altor Solutions 78,393 122,690 Sterno 122,971 190,472 1,361,552 1,925,879 Corporate and eliminations (1,361,552) 371,721 Total 2,297,600 
 Each loan has a scheduled maturity and each business is entitled to repay all or a portion of the principal amount of the outstanding loans, without penalty, prior to maturity. A component of our acquisition financing strategy that we utilize in acquiring the businesses we own and manage is to provide both equity capital and debt capital, raised at the parent level through our existing credit facility. Our strategy of providing intercompany debt financing within the capital structure of the businesses that we acquire and manage allows us the ability to distribute cash to the parent company through monthly interest payments and amortization of the principle on these intercompany loans. Certain of our businesses have paid down their respective intercompany debt balances through the cash flow generated by these businesses and we have recapitalized, and expect to continue to recapitalize, these businesses in the normal course of our business. The recapitalization process involves funding the intercompany debt using either cash on hand at the parent or our revolving credit facility, and serves the purpose of optimizing the capital structure at our subsidiaries and providing the noncontrolling shareholders with a distribution on their ownership interest in a cash flow positive business. 
 In December 2023, we completed a recapitalization at BOA whereby the LLC entered into an amendment to the intercompany loan agreement with BOA (the "BOA Credit Agreement"). The BOA Credit Agreement was amended to provide for additional term loan borrowings of 165.9 million to fund a distribution to shareholders. The LLC received a distribution of 131.0 million related to their ownership of the outstanding shares of BOA on the date of the distribution. Noncontrolling shareholders received a distribution of 11.7 million, and the remaining amount of the recapitalization was used to repurchase employee stock options and to pay a bonus to employees who held phantom stock options and were not eligible to participate in the distribution to noncontrolling shareholders. BOA recorded compensation expense of 3.1 million related to the bonus paid to employees as part of the recapitalization. 
 In February 2022, we completed a recapitalization at Ergobaby whereby the LLC entered into an amendment to the intercompany loan agreement with Ergobaby (the "Ergobaby Credit Agreement"). The Ergobaby Credit Agreement was amended to provide for additional term loan borrowings of 61.5 million to fund a distribution to shareholders. The LLC owned 81.6 of the outstanding shares of Ergobaby on the date of the distribution and received 50.2 million. The remaining amount of the distribution was paid to minority shareholders. 
 109 

In August 2021, we completed a recapitalization at 5.11 whereby the Company entered into an amendment to the intercompany loan agreement with 5.11 (the "5.11 Credit Agreement"). The 5.11 Credit Agreement was amended to provide for additional term loan borrowings of 55.0 million to fund a distribution to shareholders. The Company owned 97.7 of the outstanding shares of 5.11 on the date of the distribution and received 53.7 million. The remaining amount of the distribution went to minority shareholders. 
 In September 2021, BOA repurchased shares of its issued and outstanding common shares from its largest minority shareholder for a total payment of 48.0 million, which BOA financed by borrowing under their intercompany credit facility with the Company. The BOA Credit Agreement was amended to (i) provide for additional term loan borrowings of 38.0 million, and (ii) consent to the repurchase of the shares from the minority shareholder. 
 In the second, third and fourth quarter of 2023, and the second and fourth quarter of 2022, we amended the Lugano intercompany credit agreement to increase the borrowing availability under their credit agreement to allow Lugano to continue to expand their operations and build inventory to support their salon expansion. 
 In the second quarter of 2023, we amended the Velocity intercompany credit agreement to extend the term of the facility and to increase the borrowing availability under the fa cility. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2023, we amended the Ergo Credit Agreement to permit the fixed charge coverage ratio to remain at the September 30, 2023 level through the period ending December 31, 2024. 
 In the first quarter of 2022, we amended the 5.11 Credit agreement to increase the capital expenditures allowable under the agreement to account for additional growth capital expenditure opportunities primarily related to retail expansion, and amended the financial covenants to reflect the increased allowable expenditure. The 5.11 credit agreement was amended again in both the third and fourth quarters of 2022 to increase the amount available under the revolving credit facility, as well as to increase the capital expenditures allowable under the credit agreement. 
 During the third quarter of 2022, we amended the Velocity intercompany credit agreement to increase the amount of the Velocity term loan to allow for the financing of an add-on acquisition. Additionally, during the third quarter of 2022, we amended the Altor credit agreement to allow for additional capital expenditures related to Altor's Ohio plant relocation. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, we amended the Arnold intercompany credit agreement to increase capital expenditure allowable under the credit agreement to account for additional growth capital expenditure opportunities, and amended the financial covenants to reflect the increased allowable expenditure. In the fourth quarter of 2020, we amended the Arnold intercompany credit agreement to increase the revolving credit commitment available under the credit agreement, and amended the financial covenants to reflect the increased commitment. 
 All of our subsidiaries were in compliance with the financial covenants included within their intercompany credit arrangements at December 31, 2023 except Velocity and PrimaLoft. Velocity was issued a waiver for both the third and fourth quarter of 2023 related to the fixed charge coverage ratio and the leverage ratio covenants in their intercompany credit agreement. PrimaLoft received a waiver for the fourth quarter of 2023 related to the leverage ratio covenant in their intercompany credit agreement. 
 Our primary source of cash is from the receipt of interest and principal on our outstanding loans to our businesses. Accordingly, we are dependent upon the earnings and cash flow of these businesses, which are available for (i) operating expen ses; (ii) payment of interest and principal on our outstanding debt; (iii) payments to CGM due or potentially due pursuant to the MSA and the LLC Agreement; (iv) cash distributio ns to our shareholders; and (v) pursuing future acquisitions. Payments made under (i) through (iii) above are required to be paid before distributions to shareholders and may be significant and exceed the funds held by us, which may require us to dispose of assets or incur debt to fund such expenditures. Each of our subsidiaries has various non-cancelable commitments in the ordinary course of business, including operating lease payments, and purchase obligations which include payments for materials and payments under employment agreements. On a consolidated basis at December 31, 2023, we had future operating lease obligations of 271.6 million and purchase obligations of 174.4 million. 
 We believe that we currently have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to meet our existing obligations, including quarterly distributions to our shareholders, as approved by our board of directors, over the next twelve months and thereafter. 
 110 

Financing Arrangements 
 2022 Credit Facility 
 On July 12, 2022, we entered into the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the "2022 Credit Facility") to amend and restate the 2021 Credit Facility. The 2022 Credit Facility provides for revolving loans, swing line loans and letters of credit up to a maximum aggregate amount of 600 million (the "2022 Revolving Credit Facility") and also permits the LLC, prior to the applicable maturity date, to increase the revolving loan commitment and/or obtain term loans in an aggregate amount of up to 250 million, subject to certain restrictions and conditions. All amounts outstanding under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility will become due on July 12, 2027, which is the maturity date of loans advanced under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. The 2022 Credit Facility also provides for a 400 million term loan (the 2022 Term Loan ). The 2022 Term Loan requires quarterly payments ranging from 2.5 million to 7.5 million, commencing September 30, 2022, with a final payment of all remaining principal and interest due on July 12, 2027, which is the 2022 Term Loan s maturity date. 
 The 2022 Credit Facility is secured by all of the assets of the Company, including all of its equity interests in, and loans to, its consolidated subsidiaries. At December 31, 2023, we had letters of credit totaling 2.2 million outstanding under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. We had approximately 597.8 million in borrowing base availability under this facility at December 31, 2023. (See " Note I - Debt " to the consolidated financial statements for more detail regarding our 2022 Credit Facility). 
 2021 Credit Facility 
 On March 23, 2021, we entered into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to amend and restate the 2018 Credit Facility. The 2021 Credit Facility provided for revolving loans, swing line loans and letters of credit up to a maximum aggregate amount of 600 million and also permitted the LLC, prior to the applicable maturity date, to increase the revolving loan commitment and/or obtain term loans in an aggregate amount of up to 250 million, subject to certain restrictions and conditions. The Company repaid the outstanding amounts under the 2021 credit facility in the third quarter of 2022 in connection with entering into the 2022 Credit Facility. 
 Senior Notes 
 2032 Notes 
 On November 17, 2021, we consummated the issuance and sale of 300 million aggregate principal amount of our 5.000 Senior Notes due 2032 (the "2032 Notes") offered pursuant to a private offering to qualified institutional buyers in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and to non-U.S. persons under Regulation S under the Securities Act. The 2032 Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of November 17, 2021 (the 2032 Notes Indenture ), between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The 2032 Notes bear interest at the rate of 5.000 per annum and will mature on January 15, 2032. Interest on the 2032 Notes is payable in cash on July 15th and January 15th of each year. The 2032 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company and are not guaranteed by our subsidiaries. The proceeds from the sale of the 2032 Notes were used to repay debt outstanding under the 2021 Credit Facility. 
 2029 Notes 
 On March 23, 2021, we consummated the issuance and sale of 1,000 million aggregate principal amount of our 5.250 Senior Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes offered pursuant to a private offering to qualified institutional buyers in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and to non-U.S. persons under Regulation S under the Securities Act. The 2029 Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of March 23, 2021 (the 2029 Notes Indenture ), between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The 2029 Notes bear interest at the rate of 5.250 per annum and will mature on April 15, 2029. Interest on the 2029 Notes is payable in cash on April 15th and October 15th of each year. The 2029 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company and are not guaranteed by our subsidiaries. 
 The proceeds from the sale of the 2029 Notes was used to repay debt outstanding under the 2018 Credit Facility in connection with our entry into the 2021 Credit Facility, as described above, and to redeem our 8.000 Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes ). 
 2026 Notes 
 On April 18, 2018, we consummated the issuance and sale of 400 million aggregate principal amount of our 2026 Notes offered pursuant to a private offering to qualified institutional buyers in accordance with Rule 144A under the 
 111 

Securities Act, and to non-U.S. persons under Regulation S under the Securities Act. The 2026 Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of April 18, 2018 (the 2026 Notes Indenture ), between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. On May 7, 2020, we consummated the issuance and sale of an additional 200 million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes. The proceeds from the 2026 Notes were used to pay down the amount outstanding on the Company's then existing credit facilities and for general corporate purposes. All of the 2026 Notes were redeemed, on April 1, 2021, with proceeds from the sale of the 2029 Notes. 
 The 2029 Notes Indenture and the 2032 Notes Indenture contain several restrictive covenants including, but not limited to, limitations on the following: (i) the incurrence of additional indebtedness, (ii) restricted payments, (iii) the purchase, redemption or retirement of capital stock or subordinated debt, (iv) dividends and other payments affecting restricted subsidiaries, (v) transactions with affiliates, (vi) asset sales and mergers and consolidations, (vii) future subsidiary guarantees and (viii) incurring liens, (ix) entering into sale-leaseback transactions and (x) making certain investments, subject in each case to certain exceptions. 
 The following table reflects required and actual financial ratios as of December 31, 2023 included as part of the affirmative covenants in our 2022 Credit Facility: 
 Description of Required Covenant Ratio Covenant Ratio Requirement Actual Ratio Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio Greater than or equal to 1.50:1.00 3.17 Total Secured Debt to EBITDA Ratio Less than or equal to 3.50:1.00 0.00 Total Debt to EBITDA Ratio Less than or equal to 5.00:1.00 3.11 
 We intend to use the availability under our 2022 Credit Facility and cash on hand to pursue acquisitions of additional businesses, to fund distributions (if and to the extent approved by our board of directors) and to provide for other working capital needs. 
 Interest Expense 
 We incurred interest expense totaling 105.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to 83.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 and 58.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The components of interest expense on our outstanding debt are as follows (in thousands): 
 Years ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Interest on credit facilities 37,269 13,842 2,669 Interest on Senior Notes 67,500 67,500 54,441 Unused fee on Revolving Credit Facility 1,998 1,913 1,598 Amortization of bond premium (83) Other interest expense 363 286 222 Interest income (1,951) (49) (13) Interest expense, net 105,179 83,492 58,834 
 Income Taxes 
 On August 3, 2021, the shareholders of CODI approved amendments to the Second Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of the Trust and the Fifth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of the Company to allow the Company s Board of Directors (the Board to cause the Trust to elect to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes (the tax reclassification and, at its discretion in the future, cause the Trust to be converted to a corporation. Following the shareholder vote, the Board resolved to cause the Trust to elect to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such election became effective September 1, 2021, prior to which the Trust had been taxed as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes since January 1, 2007. The Company was treated as a partnership prior to the Trust s tax reclassification and it will continue to be treated as a partnership following the Trust s tax reclassification. 
 112 

Each of the Company s majority owned subsidiaries are subject to Federal, state and in some cases, foreign income taxes. We recorded an income tax provision of 21.3 million with an annual effective rate of (122.6) during the year ended December 31, 2023, an income tax provision of 37.1 million with an annual effective tax rate of 91 during the year ended December 31, 2022, and 15.3 million in income tax benefit with an effective tax rate of 57.5 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The components of our income tax (benefit) expense as a percentage of income from continuing operations before income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 
 Year ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 United States Federal Statutory Rate 21.0 21.0 21.0 State income taxes (net of Federal benefits) (17.8) 8.5 6.5 Foreign income taxes (25.9) 5.8 13.3 Expenses of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC 
 representing a pass through to shareholders (1) 
 56.6 Impairment expense (90.1) 2.2 Impact of subsidiary employee stock options 20.4 1.4 (0.4) Non-deductible acquisition costs 0.2 1.3 1.0 Non-recognition of various carryforwards at subsidiaries 2.0 35.9 (3.7) United States tax on foreign income (8.3) 1.1 (3.9) Dividend (net of dividend received deduction) (51.0) 7.7 Utilization of tax credits 29.7 (19.0) (8.4) Effect of classification of assets held for sale 21.1 (27.3) Other (2.8) 4.0 2.8 Effective income tax rate (122.6) 91.0 57.5 
 (1) The effective income tax rate for the year 2021 includes a loss at the Company s parent, which was taxed as a partnership through August 1, 2021. Effective September 1, 2021, the Company's parent is taxed as a corporation. 
 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 GAAP or U.S. GAAP refer to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. From time to time we may publicly disclose certain non-GAAP financial measures in the course of our investor presentations, earnings releases, earnings conference calls or other venues. A non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of historical or future performance, financial position or cash flow that excludes amounts, or is subject to adjustments that effectively exclude amounts, included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in our financial statements, and vice versa for measures that include amounts, or are subject to adjustments that effectively include amounts, that are excluded from the most directly comparable measure as calculated and presented. 
 Non-GAAP financial measures are provided as additional information to investors in order to provide them with an alternative method for assessing our financial condition and operating results. These measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and may be different from or otherwise inconsistent with non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. The presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures supplements other metrics we use to internally evaluate our subsidiary businesses and facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. 
 The tables below reconcile the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures to Adjusted earnings before Interest, Income Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization ("Adjusted EBITDA") and Adjusted Earnings. 
 Adjusted EBITDA EBITDA is calculated as net income (loss) from continuing operations before interest expense, income tax expense (benefit), loss on debt extinguishment, depreciation expense and amortization expense. Amortization expenses consist of amortization of intangibles and debt charges, including debt issuance costs. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated utilizing the same calculation as described in arriving at EBITDA further adjusted by: (i) non-controlling stockholder compensation, which generally consists of non-cash stock option expense; 
 113 

(ii) successful acquisition costs, which consist of transaction costs (legal, accounting, due diligence, etc.) incurred in connection with the successful acquisition of a business expensed during the period in compliance with ASC 805; (iii) impairment charges, which reflect write downs to goodwill or other intangible assets; (iv) changes in the fair value of contingent consideration subsequent to initial purchase accounting, (v) integration service fees, which reflect fees paid by newly acquired companies to the Manager for integration services performed during the first year of ownership; and (vi) items of other income or expense that are material to a subsidiary and non-recurring in nature. 
 Adjusted Earnings Adjusted earnings is calculated as net income (loss) adjusted to include the cost of the distributions to preferred shareholders, and adjusted to exclude the impact of certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and other specified items the exclusion of which management believes provides insight regarding our ongoing operating performance. Depending on the period presented, these adjusted measures exclude the impact of certain of the following items: gains (losses) and income (loss) from discontinued operations, income (loss) from noncontrolling interest, amortization expense, subsidiary stock compensation expense, acquisition-related expenses and items of other income or expense that may be material to a subsidiary and non-recurring in nature. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Earnings are non-GAAP measures used by the Company to assess its performance. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Earnings provide useful information to investors and reflect important financial measures that are used by management in the monthly analysis of our operating results and in preparation of our annual budgets. We believe that investors understanding of our performance is enhanced by disclosing these performance measures as this presentation allows investors to view the performance of our businesses in a manner similar to the methods used by us and the management of our subsidiary businesses, provides additional insight into our operating results and provides a measure for evaluating targeted businesses for acquisition. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Earnings exclude the effects of items which reflect the impact of long-term investment decisions, rather than the performance of near-term operations. When compared to net income (loss) and net income (loss) from continuing operations, Adjusted Earnings and Adjusted EBITDA, respectively, are each limited in that they do not reflect the periodic costs of certain capital assets used in generating revenues of our subsidiary businesses or the non-cash charges associated with impairments, as well as certain cash charges. The presentation of Adjusted Earnings provides insight into our operating results. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Earnings are not meant to be a substitute for GAAP, and may be different from or otherwise inconsistent with non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. 
 Reconciliation of Net income (loss) from continuing operations to Adjusted EBITDA 
 The following tables reconcile Adj u sted EBITDA to net income (loss) from continuing operations, which we consider to be the most comparable GAAP financial measure (in thousands) : 
 
 114 

Adjusted EBITDA Year ended December 31, 2023 Corporate 5.11 BOA Ergobaby Lugano PrimaLoft Velocity Outdoor Altor Arnold Sterno Consolidated Net income (loss) from continuing operations (51,761) 21,690 16,496 (2,601) 52,315 (69,883) (40,045) 16,504 10,434 8,115 (38,736) Adjusted for: Provision (benefit) for income taxes 301 4,994 2,863 (1,309) 14,589 (5,672) (5,616) 5,890 4,185 1,106 21,331 Interest expense, net 104,855 (8) (18) 4 (11) 352 5 105,179 Intercompany interest (134,835) 20,244 7,580 8,595 32,837 18,123 13,510 10,486 6,806 16,654 Depreciation and amortization 1,399 26,009 22,932 8,110 9,229 21,478 13,282 16,741 8,441 19,959 147,580 EBITDA (80,041) 72,929 49,853 12,795 108,974 (35,965) (18,517) 49,621 29,871 45,834 235,354 Other (income) expense (128) (515) 98 36 (80) 62 (1,210) 1,440 (5) (1,441) (1,743) Non-controlling shareholder compensation 1,191 3,019 1,214 1,474 980 914 986 27 860 10,665 Impairment expense 57,810 31,590 89,400 Acquisition expenses 321 321 Integration services fee 2,375 2,375 Other 3,072 1,434 4,506 Adjusted EBITDA (80,169) 73,605 56,042 14,366 110,368 25,262 12,777 52,047 29,893 46,687 340,878 
 115 

Adjusted EBITDA Year ended December 31, 2022 Corporate 5.11 BOA Ergobaby Lugano PrimaLoft Velocity Outdoor Altor Arnold Sterno Consolidated Net income (loss) from continuing operations (77,990) 22,633 42,613 (18,669) 27,934 (17,741) 4,127 9,662 7,683 3,406 3,658 Adjusted for: Provision (benefit) for income taxes 12,119 7,125 6,527 (4,274) 11,889 (3,878) 1,562 3,174 3,329 (480) 37,093 Interest expense, net 83,243 (25) 10 16 (7) 229 26 83,492 Intercompany interest (92,177) 13,761 7,410 6,026 12,773 7,512 10,282 10,742 5,518 18,153 Loss on debt extinguishment 534 534 Depreciation and amortization 1,405 22,972 21,993 8,094 11,533 10,465 13,374 16,403 8,041 20,293 134,573 EBITDA (72,866) 66,491 78,518 (8,813) 64,145 (3,649) 29,574 39,981 24,597 41,372 259,350 Other (income) expense (58) (217) 1,043 6 2 112 2,417 766 (20) (1,730) 2,321 Non-controlling shareholder compensation 1,511 2,511 1,479 1,179 2,142 971 1,321 40 844 11,998 Impairment expense 20,552 20,552 Acquisition expenses 5,680 222 216 6,118 Integration services fee 1,688 2,375 4,063 Other 250 1,330 1,580 Adjusted EBITDA (72,924) 67,785 82,072 13,474 67,014 6,660 33,184 42,284 24,617 41,816 305,982 

116 

Adjusted EBITDA Year ended December 31, 2021 Corporate 5.11 BOA Ergobaby Lugano Velocity Outdoor Altor Arnold Sterno Consolidated Net income (loss) from continuing operations 
 (75,855) 20,152 21,178 5,079 5,239 23,035 7,871 5,013 (316) 11,396 Adjusted for: Provision (benefit) for income taxes (12,119) 6,905 3,559 2,018 2,094 6,238 2,619 1,345 2,608 15,267 Interest expense, net 58,639 16 9 165 (1) 6 58,834 Intercompany interest (63,655) 11,868 8,581 1,960 2,450 7,461 7,558 5,455 18,322 Loss on debt extinguishment 33,305 33,305 Depreciation and amortization 1,147 22,355 20,279 8,435 4,757 12,704 12,938 8,888 23,368 114,871 EBITDA (58,538) 61,296 53,597 17,492 14,549 49,603 30,985 20,707 43,982 233,673 Other (income) expense (286) 125 377 16 2,573 (323) 8 (1,187) 1,303 Non-controlling shareholder compensation 2,428 2,194 1,693 190 1,020 1,035 38 1,242 9,840 Acquisition expenses 39 1,827 444 310 2,620 Integration services fee 3,300 563 3,863 Other 1,132 273 (2,300) 995 100 Adjusted EBITDA (57,653) 64,122 59,468 19,185 17,145 50,896 32,141 21,063 45,032 251,399 

117 

Reconciliation of Net income (loss) to Adjusted Earnings and Adjusted EBITDA 
 The following table reconciles Adjusted Earnings to Net income (loss), which we consider the most comparable GAAP financial measure, and Adjusted Earnings to Adjusted EBITDA in thousands ): 
 Three months ended Year ended March 31, 2023 June 30, 2023 September 30, 2023 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2023 Net income (loss) 109,601 17,123 (3,760) 139,441 262,405 Income (loss) from discontinued options, net of tax 10,000 2,840 8,950 (3,674) 18,116 Gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax 97,989 4,232 1,274 179,530 283,025 Net income (loss) from continuing operations 1,612 10,051 (13,984) (36,415) (38,736) Less: income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interest 4,171 3,498 5,721 2,555 15,945 Net income (loss) attributable to Holdings - continuing operations (2,559) 6,553 (19,705) (38,970) (54,681) Adjustments: Distributions paid: preferred shares (6,045) (6,046) (6,045) (6,045) (24,181) Amortization expense - intangible assets and inventory step-up 25,148 23,977 23,956 23,914 96,995 Impairment expense 32,568 56,832 89,400 Tax effect - impairment expense (4,308) 978 (3,330) Non-controlling interest - impairment expense (5,382) (5,382) Non-controlling shareholder compensation 1,641 3,207 2,750 3,067 10,665 Acquisition expenses 321 321 Integration services fee 1,187 1,188 2,375 Other 432 348 349 3,377 4,506 Adjusted earnings 19,804 29,227 29,565 38,092 116,688 Plus (less): Depreciation expense 11,155 12,107 11,994 11,291 46,547 Income tax provision 6,920 4,320 3,837 6,254 21,331 Interest expense 26,180 26,613 27,560 24,826 105,179 Amortization of debt issuance costs 1,005 1,024 1,005 1,004 4,038 Income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interest 4,171 3,498 5,721 2,555 15,945 Distributions paid - preferred shares 6,045 6,046 6,045 6,045 24,181 Tax effect - impairment expense 4,308 (978) 3,330 Non-controlling interest - impairment expense 5,382 5,382 Other (1,160) 105 (1,045) 357 (1,743) Adjusted EBITDA 74,120 82,940 88,990 94,828 340,878 
 118 

Three months ended Year ended March 31, 2022 June 30, 2022 September 30, 2022 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2022 Net income (loss) 29,740 30,957 2,585 (11,844) 51,438 Income (loss) from discontinued options, net of tax 13,059 4,371 10,157 10,800 38,387 Gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax 5,993 (579) 1,479 2,500 9,393 Net income (loss) from continuing operations 10,688 27,165 (9,051) (25,144) 3,658 Less: income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interest 4,388 3,813 3,297 (1,131) 10,367 Net income (loss) attributable to Holdings - continuing operations 6,300 23,352 (12,348) (24,013) (6,709) Adjustments: Distributions paid: preferred shares (6,045) (6,046) (6,045) (6,045) (24,181) Amortization expense - intangible assets and inventory step-up 19,691 20,258 24,400 26,454 90,803 Impairment expense 20,552 20,552 Tax effect - impairment expense (3,557) (3,557) Non-controlling interest - impairment expense (3,120) (3,120) Loss on debt extinguishment 534 534 Non-controlling shareholder compensation 2,405 2,404 2,581 4,608 11,998 Acquisition expenses 216 5,902 6,118 Integration services fee 563 563 1,625 1,312 4,063 Corporate tax effect (4,338) 16,457 12,119 Other 1,027 434 119 1,580 Adjusted earnings 23,130 37,220 33,540 16,310 110,200 Plus (less): Depreciation expense 9,450 9,741 10,149 10,690 40,030 Income tax provision 7,970 6,926 18,884 3,313 37,093 Corporate tax effect 4,338 (16,457) (12,119) Tax effect - impairment expense 3,557 3,557 Non-controlling interest - impairment expense 3,120 3,120 Interest expense 17,419 17,509 22,796 25,768 83,492 Amortization of debt issuance costs 866 865 1,004 1,005 3,740 Income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interest 4,388 3,813 3,297 (1,131) 10,367 Distributions paid - preferred shares 6,045 6,046 6,045 6,045 24,181 Other (226) (718) 1,916 1,349 2,321 Adjusted EBITDA 69,042 85,740 81,174 70,026 305,982 
 119 

Three months ended Year ended March 31, 2021 June 30, 2021 September 30, 2021 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2021 Net income (loss) 21,996 (11,251) 90,156 25,908 126,809 Income from discontinued options, net of tax 17,024 10,749 7,294 7,576 42,643 Gain on discontinued options, net of tax 72,745 25 72,770 Net income (loss) from continuing operations 4,972 (22,000) 10,117 18,307 11,396 Less: income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interest 1,313 1,989 948 2,688 6,938 Net income (loss) attributable to Holdings - continuing operations 3,659 (23,989) 9,169 15,619 4,458 Adjustments: Distributions paid: preferred shares (6,045) (6,046) (6,045) (6,045) (24,181) Amortization expense - intangible assets and inventory step-up 16,887 17,251 17,373 24,926 76,437 Loss on debt extinguishment 33,305 33,305 Non-controlling shareholder compensation 2,365 2,440 2,493 2,542 9,840 Acquisition expenses 299 11 1,866 444 2,620 Integration services fee 1,100 1,100 1,100 563 3,863 Corporate tax effect (12,119) (12,119) Other (2,101) 1,032 460 709 100 Adjusted earnings 16,164 25,104 26,416 26,639 94,323 Plus (less): Depreciation expense 8,120 8,508 9,402 9,425 35,455 Income tax provision 2,910 8,453 7,831 (3,927) 15,267 Corporate tax effect 12,119 12,119 Interest expense 13,803 14,945 13,854 16,232 58,834 Amortization of debt issuance costs 686 722 759 812 2,979 Income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interest 1,313 1,989 948 2,688 6,938 Distributions paid - preferred shares 6,045 6,046 6,045 6,045 24,181 Other 2,231 (253) (1,073) 398 1,303 Adjusted EBITDA 51,272 65,514 64,182 70,431 251,399 
 120 

Seasonality 
 The following table presents the net sales by quarter as a percentage of our annual net sales. 
 Year Ended December 31, Quarter ended 2023 2022 2021 March 31st 23.6 22.8 21.6 June 30th 23.6 24.3 23.6 September 30th 25.3 26.5 25.5 December 31st 27.5 26.4 29.3 
 Earnings of certain of our operating segments are seasonal in nature due to various recurring events, holidays and seasonal weather patterns, as well as the timing of our acquisitions during a given year. Historically, the third and fourth quarter have produced the highest net sales in our fiscal year, however, due to various acquisitions in the last three years, there is generally less seasonality in our net sales on a consolidated basis than there has been historically. 
 
 Related Party Transactions and Certain Transactions Involving our Businesses 
 We have entered into related party transactions with our Manager, CGM including the following: 
 Management Services Agreement 
 LLC Agreement 
 Integration Services Agreements 
 Cost Reimbursement and Fees 
 Management Services Agreement 
 We entered into the MSA with CGM effective May 16, 2006. Our Chief Executive Officer is a managing member of CGM. The MSA provides for, among other things, CGM to perform services for us in exchange for a management fee paid quarterly and equal to 0.5 of our adjusted net assets. The management fee is required to be paid prior to the payment of any distributions to shareholders. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we incurred 68.4 million, 62.6 million, and 46.4 million, respectively, in management fees to CGM. 
 Pursuant to the MSA, CGM is entitled to enter into off-setting management service agreements with each of the operating segments. The amount of the fee is negotiated between CGM and the operating management of each segment and is based upon the value of the services to be provided. The fees paid directly to CGM by the segments offset on a dollar for dollar basis the amount due CGM by the LLC under the MSA. 
 At December 31, 2023, CGM entered into a waiver to exclude cash balances held at the LLC from the calculation of the management fee. 
 During 2022, CGM entered into a waiver of the MSA for the period through June 30, 2023 to receive a 1 annual management fee related to PrimaLoft, rather than the 2 called for under the MSA, which resulted in a lower management fee at September 30, 2022, December 31, 2022, March 31, 2023 and June 30, 2023 than would normally have been due. At June 30, 2022 and March 31, 2022, CGM entered into a waiver to exclude cash balances held at the LLC from the calculation of the management fee. 
 During 2021, CGM entered into a waiver of the MSA for a period through December 31, 2021 to receive a 1 annual management fee related to BOA, rather than the 2 called for under the MSA, which resulted in a lower management fee paid during 2021 than would have normally been due. In the first quarter of 2021, the LLC and CGM entered into a waiver agreement whereby CGM agreed to waive the portion of the management fee related to the amount of the proceeds deposited with the Trustee that was in excess of the amount payable related to the 2026 Senior Notes at March 31, 2021. Additionally, CGM entered into a waiver of the MSA at December 31, 2021 to exclude the cash balances held at the LLC from the calculation of the management fee. 
 The LLC paid CGM 0.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, representing the management fee due from Arnold for the first three quarters of 2021. At December 31, 2021, Arnold reimbursed the LLC for the management fee paid on their behalf. 
 121 

LLC Agreement 
 As distinguished from its provision of providing management services to us, pursuant to the amended MSA, members of CGM are owners of 50.0 of the Allocation Interests in us through their ownership in Sostratus LLC. The LLC agreement gives the holders of Allocation Interests the right to distributions pursuant to a profit allocation formula upon the occurrence of a Sale Event or a Holding Event. The Allocation Interest Holders are entitled to receive and as such can elect to receive the positive contribution-based profit allocation payment for each of the business acquisitions during the 30-day period following the fifth anniversary of the date upon which we acquired a controlling interest in that business (Holding Event) and upon the sale of the business (Sale Event). Holders received 26.5 million and 34.1 million in distributions related to Sale and Holding Events that occurred during 2023 and 2021, respectively. No allocation interest distributions were made in 2022. Refer to " Note K - Stockholders' Equity " for a description of the profit allocation payments. 
 Certain persons who are employees and partners of the Manager, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer, beneficially own (through Sostratus LL C) 63.0 of the Allocation Interests at December 31, 2023 and 62.0 at December 31, 2022. Of the remaining 37.0 at December 31, 2023 and 38.0 at December 31, 2022, 5.0 is held by CGI Diversified Holdings L P, 5.0 i s held by a former director on the Company s Board of Directors, and the remaining percentage of Allocation Interests are held by the former founding partners of the Manager. 
 Integration Services Agreements 
 Integration services represent fees paid by newly acquired companies to the Manager for integration services performed during the first year of ownership. Under the Integration Services Agreement ("ISA"), CGM provides services for new platform acquisitions to, amongst other things, assist the management at the acquired entities in establishing a corporate governance program, implement compliance and reporting requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and align the acquired entity's policies and procedures with our other subsidiaries. 
 PrimaLoft, which was acquired in July 2022, entered into an ISA with CGM whereby PrimaLoft paid CGM a total integration services fee of 4.8 million, payable quarterly over a twelve-month period ended June 30, 2023. 
 Lugano, which was acquired in September 2021, entered into an ISA with CGM whereby Lugano paid CGM a total integration services fee of 2.3 million, payable quarterly over a twelve month period beginning in the quarter ended December 31, 2021. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, CGM receiv ed 2.4 million, 4.1 million, and 4.9 million, respectively, in total integration service fees. 
 Cost Reimbursement and Fees 
 We reimbursed CGM approximately 6.4 million, 6.5 million, and 5.4 million, principally for occupancy and staffing costs incurred by CGM on our behalf during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company and its businesses have the following significant related party transactions: 
 5.11 
 Related Party Vendor Purchases - 5.11 purchases inventory from a vendor who is a related party to 5.11 through one of the executive officers of 5.11 via the executive's 40 ownership interest in the vendor. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, 5.11 purchased approximately 1.7 million, 2.0 million, and 1.1 million, respectively, in inventory from the vendor. 
 Recapitalization - In August 2021, the Company completed a recapitalization of 5.11 whereby the Company entered into an amendment to the intercompany loan agreement with 5.11 (the "5.11 Credit Agreement"). The 5.11 Credit Agreement was amended to provide for additional term loan borrowings of 55.0 million to fund a distribution to shareholders. The Company owned 97.7 of the outstanding shares of 5.11 on the date of the distribution and received 53.7 million. The remaining amount of the distribution went to minority shareholders. 
 BOA 
 Recapitalization - In December 2023, we completed a recapitalization at BOA whereby the LLC entered into an amendment to the intercompany loan agreement with BOA (the "BOA Credit Agreement"). The BOA Credit Agreement was amended to provide for additional term loan borrowings of 165.9 million to fund a distribution to shareholders. The LLC received a distribution of 131.0 million related to their ownership of the outstanding shares 
 122 

of BOA on the date of the distribution. Noncontrolling shareholders received a distribution of 11.7 million, and the remaining amount of the recapitalization was used to repurchase employee owned shares and to pay a bonus to employees who held phantom stock options and were not eligible to participate in the distribution to noncontrolling shareholders. BOA recorded compensation expense of 3.1 million related to the bonus paid to employees as part of the recapitalization. 
 Repurchase of Noncontrolling Interest - In September 2021, BOA repurchased shares of its issued and outstanding common shares from its largest minority shareholder for a total payment of 48.0 million, which BOA financed by borrowing under the BOA Credit Agreement. The BOA Credit Agreement was amended to (i) provide for additional term loan borrowings of 38.0 million, and (ii) consent to the repurchase of the shares from the minority shareholder. The transaction was accounted for in accordance with ASC 810 - Consolidation, whereby the carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest was adjusted to reflect the change in the ownership interest in BOA that occurred as a result of the share repurchase. The difference between the fair value of the consideration paid of 48.0 million and the amount by which the noncontrolling interest was adjusted of 39.4 million was recognized in equity attributable to the Company. 
 Related Party Vendor Purchases - A contract manufacturer used by BOA as the primary supplier of molded injection parts is a noncontrolling shareholder of BOA. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, BOA purchased approximate ly 42.1 million, 56.1 million and 48.3 million, respectively, from this supplier. 
 Ergobaby 
 Recapitalization - In February 2022, the Company completed a recapitalization of Ergobaby whereby the LLC entered into an amendment to the intercompany loan agreement with Ergobaby (the "Ergo Credit Agreement"). The Ergo Credit Agreement was amended to provide for additional loan borrowings of 61.5 million to fund a distribution to shareholders. The LLC owned 81.6 of the outstanding shares of Ergobaby on the date of the distribution and received 50.2 million. The remaining amount of the distribution was paid to minority shareholders. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to adopt accounting policies and make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and judgments may involve varying degrees of uncertainty. Actual results could differ from these estimates under different assumptions and changes in other facts and circumstances, and potentially could result in materially different results. Our critical accounting estimates are discussed below. For a summary of our significant accounting policies, including those policies discussed below, refer to " Note B - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies " to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Business Combinations 
 The acquisitions of our businesses are accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. Accounting for business combinations requires the use of estimates and assumptions in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in order to allocate the purchase price. The estimates of fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable using established valuation methods, taking into consideration information supplied by the management of the acquired entities and other relevant information. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management's judgment and often involves the use of assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, royalty rates, customer attrition rates, asset lives and market multiples, among other items. The determination of fair values requires significant judgment both by our management team and, when appropriate, valuations by independent third-party appraisers. We amortize intangible assets, such as trademarks and customer relationships, as well as property, plant and equipment, over their economic useful lives, unless those lives are indefinite. We consider factors such as historical information, our plans for the asset and similar assets held by our previously acquired businesses. The impact could result in either higher or lower amortization and/or depreciation expense. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill and Indefinite Lived Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill represents the excess amount of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired. Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of trade names with a carrying value of approximately 57.0 million. Our goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets are tested for impairment on an annual basis as of March 31 st , and if 
 123 

current events or circumstances require, on an interim basis. Goodwill is allocated to various reporting units, which are generally an operating segment or one level below the operating segment. Each of our businesses represents a reporting unit. 
 We use a qualitative approach to test goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more-likely than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform quantitative goodwill impairment testing. The qualitative factors we consider include, in part, the general macroeconomic environment, industry and market specific conditions for each reporting unit, financial performance including actual versus planned results and results of relevant prior periods, operating costs and cost impacts, as well as issues or events specific to the reporting unit. If qualitative factors are not sufficient to determine that the fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not to exceed its carrying value, we will perform a quantitative test at the reporting unit whereby we estimate the fair value of the reporting unit using an income approach or market approach, or a weighting of the two methods. Under the income approach, we estimate the fair value of our reporting unit based on the present value of future cash flows. Cash flow projections are based on Management's estimate of revenue growth rates and operating margins and take into consideration industry and market conditions as well as company specific economic factors. The discount rate used is based on the weighted average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant risk associated with the business and the uncertainty associated with the reporting unit's ability to execute on the projected cash flows. Under the market approach, we estimate fair value based on market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from comparable public companies with operating characteristics that are similar to the reporting unit. When market comparables are not meaningful or available, we estimate the fair value of the reporting unit using only the income approach. The determination of fair value involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including revenue growth rates, operating margins, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and terminal growth rates and actual results could differ from these estimates. Future events and changing market conditions may impact our assumptions and result in changes to our estimates. 
 2023 Interim goodwill impairment testing 
 PrimaLoft - As a result of operating results that were below forecast amounts that were used as the basis for the purchase price allocation performed when PrimaLoft was acquired as well as the failure of certain financial covenants in the intercompany credit agreement, we determined that a triggering event had occurred at PrimaLoft in the fourth quarter of 2023 and performed an interim impairment test of goodwill as of December 31, 2023. We performed the quantitative impairment test using both an income approach and a market approach. The prospective information used in the income approach considers macroeconomic data, industry and reporting unit specific facts and circumstances and is our best estimate of operational results and cash flows for the PrimaLoft reporting unit as of the date of our impairment testing. The discount rate used in the income approach was 11.3 . The results of the quantitative impairment testing indicated that the fair value of the PrimaLoft reporting unit did not exceed its carrying value, resulting in goodwill impairment expense of 57.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2023 at PrimaLoft. The fair value of the goodwill balance at PrimaLoft could be subject to additional impairment testing if actual cash flows and our estimates of future performance differ materially from those used in the impairment testing at December 31, 2023. 
 Velocity - As a result of operating results that were below the forecast that we used in the quantitative impairment test of Velocity Outdoor at March 31, 2023 (see below), we determined that a triggering event had occurred at Velocity in the third quarter of 2023 and performed an interim impairment test of goodwill as of August 31, 2023. We performed the quantitative test of Velocity using an income approach to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. In developing the prospective financial information used in the income approach, we considered recent market conditions, taking into consideration the uncertainty associated with the current economic environment. The prospective financial information considers reporting unit specific facts and circumstances and is our best estimate of operational results and cash flows for the Velocity reporting unit as of the date of our impairment testing. T he discount rate used in the income approach was 17 , an increase of 2 as compared to the discount rate of 15 used in the March 2023 impairment testing for Velocity. The increase in the discount rate primarily reflects additional uncertainty associated with the prospective financial information used in the income approach. The results of the quantitative impairment testing indicated that the fair value of the Velocity reporting unit did not exceed the carrying value, resulting in a goodwill impairment and we recorded impairment expense of 31.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2023 at Velocity. 
 124 

2022 Interim goodwill and indefinite lived intangible asset impairment testing 
 Ergobaby - In 2022, as a result of operating results below forecasts in the year and expectations that macroeconomic conditions and decreases in consumer discretionary spending would impact 2023operating results, we determined that a triggering event had occurred at Ergobaby in the fourth quarter of 2022 and performed an interim impairment test of the Ergobaby goodwill and indefinite-lived tradename as of December 31, 2022. The Company used an income approach for the impairment test, whereby the Company estimated the fair value of the reporting unit ba sed on the present value of expected future cash flows, including terminal value, and utilized a discount ra te of 16.0 . The prospective financial information considers reporting unit specific facts and circumstances and was our best estimate of operational results and cash flows for Ergobaby as of the date of our impairment testing. The results of the quantitative impairment testing indicated that the fair value of the Ergobaby reporting unit did not exceed the carrying value. We recorded goodwill impairment expense of 20.6 million at December 31, 2022. For the indefinite lived tradename, the results of the quantitative testing indicated that the fair value exceeded the carrying value. 
 Annual goodwill and indefinite lived intangible asset impairment testing 
 2023 Annual Impairment Testing - For our annual impairment testing at March 31, 2023, we performed a qualitative assessment of our reporting units. The results of the qualitative analysis indicated that it was more-likely-than-not that the fair value of each of our reporting units except Velocity exceeded their carrying value. Based on our analysis, we determined that the Velocity operating segment required quantitative testing because we could not conclude that the fair value of this reporting unit significantly exceeded the carrying value based on qualitative factors alone. We performed the quantitative test of Velocity using an income approach to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. In developing the prospective financial information used in the income approach, we considered recent market conditions, taking into consideration the uncertainty associated with the current economic environment. The prospective financial information considers reporting unit specific facts and circumstances and is our best estimate of operational results and cash flows for the Velocity reporting unit as of the date of our impairment testing. The discount rate used in the income approach was 15.0 , and the results of the quantitative impairment testing indicated that the fair value of the Velocity reporting unit exceeded the carrying value by approximately 21 . The prospective financial information that is used to determine the fair values of the Velocity reporting unit requires us to make assumptions regarding future operational results including revenue growth rates and gross margins. If we do not achieve the forecasted revenue growth rates and gross margins, the results of the quantitative testing could change, potentially leading to additional testing and impairment at the reporting unit that was tested quantitatively. 
 2022 An nual Impairment Testing - For our annual impairment testing at March 31, 2022, we performed a qualitative assessment of our reporting units. The results of the qualitative analysis indicated that it was more-likely-than-not that the fair value of each of our reporting units exceeded their carrying value. 
 2021 Annual Impairment Testing - For our annual impairment testing at March 31, 2021, we performed a qualitative assessment of our reporting units. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we also considered how we expected COVID-19 to impact future operating results and short and long term financial condition as part of our qualitative assessment, including the effects on our end customers, potential short-term supply chain constraints, and the continued restrictions imposed by government and regulatory authorities. The results of the qualitative analysis indicated that it was more-likely-than-not that the fair value of each of our reporting units except Arnold exceeded their carrying value. Based on our analysis, we determined that the Arnold operating segment required quantitative testing because we could not conclude that the fair value of this reporting unit significantly exceeded the carrying value based on qualitative factors alone. 
 We performed the quantitative tests of Arnold using an income approach to determine the fair value of the reporting units. We do not believe that the market approach results in relevant data points for market multiples or data from comparable companies since most of Arnold's competitors are privately held and do not publish data that can be used in an income approach. In developing the prospective financial information used in the income approach, we considered recent market conditions, taking into consideration the uncertainty associated with the COVID-19 pandemic and its economic fallout. The prospective financial information considered reporting unit specific facts and circumstances and was our best estimate of operational results and cash flows for the Arnold reporting unit as of the date of our impairment testing. The discount rate used in the income approach was 13.0 , and th e results of the quantitative impairment testing indicated that the fair value of the Arnold reporting unit exceeded the carrying value b y approximately 272 . Th e prospective financial information that was used to determine the fair values of the 
 125 

Arnold reporting unit required us to make assumptions regarding future operational results including revenue growth rates and gross margins. 
 Definite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 Long-lived intangible assets subject to amortization, including customer relationships, non-compete agreements, permits and technology are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the intangible assets, which we determine based on the consideration of several factors including the period of time the asset is expected to remain in service. We evaluate long-lived assets for potential impairment whenever events occur or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. The carrying amount of a long-lived asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. If the carrying amount of a long-lived asset is not recoverable and is greater than its fair value, the asset is impaired and an impairment loss must be recognized. 
 The determination of fair values and estimated useful lives requires significant judgment both by our management team and by outside experts engaged to assist in this process. This judgment could result in either a higher or lower value assigned to our reporting units and intangible assets. The impact could result in either higher or lower amortization and/or the incurrence of an impairment charge. 
 Allocation Interests 
 At the time of our Initial Public Offering, we issued Allocation Interests governed by our LLC agreement that entitle the holders (the "Holders") to receive distributions pursuant to a profit allocation formula upon the occurrence of certain events. The Holders are entitled to receive and as such can elect to receive the positive contribution based profit allocation payment for each of the business acquisitions during the 30-day period following the fifth anniversary of the date upon which we acquired a controlling interest in that business (a "Holding Event") and upon the sale of that business (a "Sale Event"). The payment to the Holders for a Sale Event is based on the pre-tax gain from the sale of the business. Payments of profit allocation to the Holders are accounted for as dividends declared on Allocation Interests and recorded in stockholders' equity once they are approved by our Board of Directors. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to " Note B - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies " to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 126 

ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 At December 31, 2023, our debt includes both fixed rate and variable rate instruments. We are exposed to interest rate risk primarily through borrowings under our 2022 Credit Facility because borrowings under this agreement are subject to variable interest rates based on SOFR. We had million outstanding under the 2022 Term Loan and no amount outstanding under our 2022 Revolving Credit Facility at December 31, 2023. 
 The one-month SOFR was approximately 534 basis points at December 31, 2023, and the three-month SOFR was approximately 536 basis points at December 31, 2023. We currently estimate that a 100 basis point increase in SOFR would not have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 We expect to have additional borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility in the future in order to finance our short term working capital needs and future acquisitions. These borrowings will be subject to variable interest rates. 
 Foreign Exchange Rate Sensitivity 
 We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk arising from transactions in the normal course of business at certain of our subsidiaries, such as sales to third party customers, foreign plant operations, and purchases from suppliers. Foreign exchange transactions do not materially affect our operations as a significant portion of our operations are domestic. 
 Credit Risk 
 We are exposed to credit risk associated with cash equivalents, investments, and trade receivables. We do not believe that our cash equivalents or investments present significant credit risks because the counterparties to the instruments consist of major financial institutions and we manage the notional amount of contracts entered into with any one counterparty. Our cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2023 consists principally of (i) treasury backed securities, (ii) insured prime money market funds, and (iii) cash balances in several non-interest bearing checking accounts. We held significantly more cash at December 31, 2023 than we typically do as we received proceeds related to the sale of one of our subsidiaries in November 2023. A majority of the cash on our balance sheet at December 31, 2023 was held in short-term interest bearing savings accounts, and was used in January 2024 to fund our acquisition of The Honey Pot Co.. Substantially all trade receivable balances of our businesses are unsecured. The concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables is limited by the large number of customers in our customer base and their dispersion across various industries and geographic areas. Although we have a large number of customers who are dispersed across different industries and geographic areas, a prolonged economic downturn could increase our exposure to credit risk on our trade receivables. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and maintain an allowance for potential credit losses. 
 
 127 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules referred to in the index contained on page F-1 of this report are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 128 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 NONE 
 
 129 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Management s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2023, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act and in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in such reports is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely discussions regarding required disclosure. 
 (b) Information with respect to Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on our assessment under this framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 has been audited by Grant Thornton LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report that is included herein. 
 (c) Information with respect to Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting is contained on page F-2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 (d) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our fourth fiscal quarter to which this Annual Report on Form 10-K relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Trading Plans 
 None 

ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable 
 130 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information concerning our executive officers is incorporated herein by reference to information included in the Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 Information with respect to our directors and the nomination process is incorporated herein by reference to information included in the Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 Information regarding our corporate governance, including our audit committee and code of ethics, is incorporated herein by reference to information included in the Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 Information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated herein by reference to information included in the Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information with respect to executive compensation is incorporated herein by reference to information included in the Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated herein by reference to information included in the Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 There are no securities currently authorized for issuance under an equity compensation plan. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information with respect to such contractual relationships and independence is incorporated herein by reference to the information in the Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information with respect to principal accountant fees and services and pre-approval policies are incorporated herein by reference to information included in the Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 131 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 1. Financial Statements 
 For the Registrant, see Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplemental Financial Data set forth on page F-1. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedule 
 For the Registrant, see Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplemental Financial Data set forth on page S-1. 
 
 3. Exhibits 
 For the Registrant, see Index to Exhibits set forth below. 
 
 132 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Stock and Note Purchase Agreement dated as of July 31, 2006, among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Group Investments, Inc. and Compass Medical Mattress Partners, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2006 (File No. 000-51937)). 
 2.2 Stock Purchase Agreement dated June 24, 2008, among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC and the other shareholders party thereto, Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as Sellers Representative, Aeroglide Holdings, Inc. and B hler AG (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on June 26, 2008 (File No. 000-51937)). 
 2.3 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated October 17, 2011, by and among Recruit Co., LTD. and RGF Staffing USA, Inc., as Buyers, the shareholders of Staffmark Holdings, Inc., as Sellers, Staffmark Holdings, Inc. and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC as Seller Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2011 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 2.4 Stock Purchase Agreement dated May 1, 2012, among Candlelight Investment Holdings, Inc., Halo Holding Corporation, Halo Lee Wayne, LLC and each of the holders of equity interests of Halo Lee Wayne, LLC listed on Exhibit A thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2012(File No. 001-34927)). 
 2.5 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated May 8, 2019, by and among (i) Calrissian Holdings, LLC; (ii) CEHI Acquisition Corporation; (iii) Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC; (iv) each Stockholder and Optionholder of the Company; and (v) solely for the purposes of Section 9(r) thereof, Harsco Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2019 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 2.6 Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Group Investments, Inc., Compass CS Partners, L.P., Compass CS II Partners, L.P., Compass Crosman Partners, L.P., Compass Advanced Partners, L.P. and Compass Silvue Partners, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form S-1 filed on April 13, 2006 (File No. 333-130326)). 
 2.7 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated July 16, 2021, by and among (i) Liberty Safe Holding Corporation; (ii) Independence Buyer, Inc.; (iii); Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as the Sellers Representative; and (iv) each Stockholder and Optionholder of Liberty Safe Holding Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 2.8 Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated August 3, 2021, by and among Independence Buyer, Inc. and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as the Sellers Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2021 (File No. 001-34927 and Accession No. 0001345126-21-000031)). 
 2.9 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 13, 2021, by and among (i) Tempo Automation, Inc.; (ii) Aspen Acquisition Sub, Inc.; (iii) Compass AC Holdings, Inc.; and (iv) Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as the Sellers Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on October 14, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 2.10 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 10, 2023, by and among (i) APCT Inc.; (ii) Circuit Merger Sub, Inc.; (iii) Compass AC Holdings, Inc.; and (iv) Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as the Equityholders Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on January 11, 2023 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 2.11 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 1, 2023, by and among (i) Fox Factory, Inc; (ii) Marucci Merger Sub, Inc.; (iii) Wheelhouse Holdings Inc.; and (iv) Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as the Equityholders Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2023 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.1 Certificate of Trust of Compass Diversified Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form S-1 filed on December 14, 2005 (File No. 333-130326)). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Trust of Compass Diversified Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2007 (File No. 000-51937)). 
 3.3 Certificate of Formation of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Form S-1 filed on December 14, 2005 (File No. 333-130326)). 
 3.4 Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of Compass Diversified Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 of the Amendment No. 4 to the Form S-1 filed on April 26, 2006 (File No. 333-130326)). 
 3.5 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of April 25, 2006, of Compass Diversified Trust among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as Sponsor, The Bank of New York (Delaware), as Delaware Trustee, and the Regular Trustees named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 8-K filed on May 29, 2007 (File No. 000-51937)). 
 3.6 Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of April 25, 2006, as amended on May 23, 2007, of Compass Diversified Trust among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as Sponsor, The Bank of New York (Delaware), as Delaware Trustee, and the Regular Trustees named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2007 (File No. 000-51937)). 
 3.7 Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement dated as of April 25, 2006, as amended on May 25, 2007 and September 14, 2007, of Compass Diversified Holdings among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as Sponsor, The Bank of New York (Delaware), as Delaware Trustee, and the Regular Trustees named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2007 (File No. 000-51937)). 
 
 133 

3.8 Fourth Amendment dated as of November 1, 2010 to the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, as amended effective November 1, 2010, of Compass Diversified Holdings, originally effective as of April 25, 2006, by and among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as Sponsor, The Bank of New York (Delaware), as Delaware Trustee, and the Regular Trustees named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2010 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.9 Second Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of the Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2016 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.10 Third Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of the Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.11 Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Compass Group Diversified Holdings, LLC dated January 9, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2007 (File No. 000-51937)). 
 3.12 Third Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC dated November 1, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2010 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.13 Fourth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, dated January 1, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2013 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.14 Fifth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2016 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.15 Sixth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.16 First Amendment to the Sixth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2022 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.17 Amended and Restated Share Designation of Compass Diversified Holdings with respect to Series A Preferred Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.18 Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC Trust Interest Designation of Series A Trust Preferred Interests (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2017 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.19 Amended and Restated Share Designation of Compass Diversified Holdings with respect to Series B Preferred Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.20 Trust Interest Designation of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC with respect to Series B Trust Preferred Interests (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2018 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.21 Amended and Restated Share Designation of Compass Diversified Holdings with respect to Series C Preferred Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.22 Trust Interest Designation of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC with respect to Series C Trust Preferred Interests (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2019 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 4.1 Specimen Certificate evidencing a share of trust of Compass Diversified Holdings (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)) 
 4.2 Specimen LLC Interest Certificate evidencing an interest of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)) 
 4.3 Form of 7.250 Series A Preferred Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of Exhibit 3.3 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 4.4 Form of 7.875 Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Preferred Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of Exhibit 3.4 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 4.5 Form of 7.875 Series C Cumulative Preferred Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of Exhibit 3.5 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 4.6 Indenture between Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, dated as of March 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2021 (File No. 000-34927)). 
 4.7 Indenture between Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, dated as of November 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 4.8 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 of the Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2022 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 10.1 Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Diversified Trust and Certain Shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Amendment No. 5 to the Form S-1 filed on May 5, 2006 (File No. 333-130326)). 
 10.2 Form of Supplemental Put Agreement by and between Compass Group Management LLC and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Amendment No. 4 to the Form S-1 filed on April 26, 2006 (File No. 333-130326)). 
 10.3 Form of Share Purchase Agreement by and between Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Diversified Trust and CGI Diversified Holdings, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Amendment No. 5 to the Form S-1 filed on May 5, 2006 (File No. 333-130326)). 
 10.4 Form of Share Purchase Agreement by and between Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Diversified Trust and Pharos I LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Amendment No. 5 to the Form S-1 filed on May 5, 2006 (File No. 333-130326)). 
 10.5 Registration Rights Agreement by and among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Diversified Trust and CGI Diversified Holdings, LP, dated as of April 3, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Amendment No. 1 to the Form S-1 filed on April 20, 2007 (File No. 333-141856)). 
 
 134 

10.6 Share Purchase Agreement by and between Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Diversified Trust and CGI Diversified Holdings, LP, dated as of April 3, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Amendment No. 1 to the Form S-1 filed on April 20, 2007 (File No. 333-141856)). 
 10.7 Subscription Agreement dated August 24, 2011, by and among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Diversified Holdings and CGI Magyar Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2011(File No. 001-34927)). 
 10.8 Registration Rights Agreement dated August 24, 2011, by and among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Diversified Holdings and CGI Magyar Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2011(File No. 001-34927)). 
 10.9 Sixth Amended and Restated Management Service Agreement by and between Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, and Compass Group Management LLC, dated as of September 30, 2014 and originally effective as of May 16, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2014 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 10.10 Employment Agreement dated July 11, 2013, between Compass Group Management LLC and Ryan J. Faulkingham (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed on July 11, 2013 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 10.11 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, the financial institutions party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., dated as of July 12, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed on July 13, 2022 (File No. 001-34927). 
 10.12 Subscription Agreement, dated December 15, 2023, by and among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Diversified Holdings and Allspring Special Small Cap Value Fund (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2023 (File No. 001-34927). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm with respect to the Registrant's consolidated financial statements 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Registrant 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Registrant 
 32.1 + 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Registrant 
 32.2 + 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Registrant 
 97.1 Policy relating to recovery of erroneously awarded compensation, as required by applicable listing standards adopted pursuant to 17 CFR 240.10D-1 
 99.1 Stock Purchase Agreement dated March 31, 2010 by and among Gable 5, Inc., Liberty Safe and Security Products, LLC and Liberty Safe Holding Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2010 (File No. 000-51937)). 
 99.2 Stock Purchase Agreement dated September 16, 2010, by and among ERGO Baby Intermediate Holding Corporation, The ERGO Baby Carrier, Inc., Karin A. Frost, in her individual capacity and as Trustee of the Revocable Trust of Karin A. Frost dated February 22, 2008 and as Trustee of the Karin A. Frost 2009 Qualified Annuity Trust u/a/d 12/21/2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed on September 17, 2010 (File No. 000-51937)). 
 99.3 Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of March 5, 2012, by and among Arnold Magnetic Technologies Holdings Corporation, Arnold Magnetic Technologies, LLC and AMT Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2012 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 99.4 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of October 10, 2014, by and among Candle Lamp Holdings, LLC, Candle Lamp Company, LLC and Sternocandlelamp Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed October 14, 2014 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 99.5 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 29, 2016, by and among 5.11 ABR Corp., 5.11 ABR Merger Corp., 5.11 Acquisition Corp., TA Associates Management, L.P., as the agent and attorney in fact of the holders of stock and options in 5.11 Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2016 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 99.6 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated June 2, 2017, by and among Bullseye Holding Company LLC, Bullseye Acquisition Corporation, CBCP Acquisition Corp. and Wellspring Capital Partners IV, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2017 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 99.7 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated January 18, 2018, between Warren F. Florkiewicz and FFI Compass, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed on January 18, 2018 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 99.8 Arrangement Agreement, dated February 19, 2019, by and among FHF Holdings Ltd.; 1197879 B.C. Ltd.; Tilray, Inc.; Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC and each Shareholder that is, or is made pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, a party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed on February 20, 2019 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 99.9 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 6, 2020, among Marucci Sports, LLC, Wheelhouse Holdings, Inc., Wheelhouse Holdings Merger Sub LLC and Wheelhouse 2020 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2020 (File No. 001-34927)) 
 99.10 Agreement and Plan of Merger, among Reel Holding Corp., BOA Parent Inc., BOA Merger Sub Inc. and Shareholder Representative Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2020 (File No. 001-34927)) 
 99.11 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 16, 2020, among Reel Holding Corp., BOA Parent Inc., BOA Merger Sub Inc. and Shareholder Representative Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2020 (File No. 001-34927)) 
 
 135 

99.12 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated September 3, 2021, between Lugano Buyer Inc., Mordechai Haim Ferder, as trustee of The Haim Family Trust dated 2/24/2009, Edit Fintzi Ferder, as trustee of The RF 2021 Irrevocable Trust dated 8/30/2021, Mordechai Haim Ferder, as trustee of The TF 2021 Irrevocable Trust dated 8/30/2021, Simba IL Holdings, LLC and Mordechai Haim Ferder in his individual capacity and as initial representative of the Sellers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2021 (File No. 001-34927 and Accession No. 0001345126-21-000039)). 
 99.13 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated June 4, 2022, between VP PrimaLoft Holdings, LLC and Relentless Intermediate, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2022 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 99.14 Merger and Stock Purchase Agreement, dated January 14, 2024, by and among The Honey Pot Company Holdings, LLC, VMG Honey Pot Blocker, Inc., NVB1, Inc., VMG Tax-Exempt IV, L.P., New Voices Fund, LP, THP Intermediate, Inc., THP Merger Sub, LLC, the Sellers Representative and certain other equity holders of THP. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover page formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 
 
 Filed or furnished herewith. Denotes management contracts and compensatory plans or arrangements. + In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34-47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Certification of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, the certifications furnished in Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Form 10-K and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 NONE 
 
 136 

SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 COMPASS GROUP DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS LLC Date: February 28, 2024 
 By: /s/ Elias J. Sabo Elias J. Sabo Chief Executive Officer 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Elias J. Sabo and Ryan J. Faulkingham, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution for him or her, and in his or her name in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and either of them, his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Elias J. Sabo Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2024 Elias J. Sabo (Principal Executive Officer) and Director /s/ Ryan J. Faulkingham Chief Financial Officer February 28, 2024 Ryan J. Faulkingham (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Alexander S. Bhathal Director February 28, 2024 Alexander S. Bhathal /s/ James J. Bottiglieri Director February 28, 2024 James J. Bottiglieri /s/ Gordon Burns Director February 28, 2024 Gordon Burns /s/ Harold S. Edwards Director February 28, 2024 Harold S. Edwards /s/ Larry L. Enterline Director February 28, 2024 Larry L. Enterline /s/ Nancy B. Mahon Director February 28, 2024 Nancy B. Mahon /s/ Teri R. Shaffer Director February 28, 2024 Teri R. Shaffer /s/ Heidi Locke Simon Director February 28, 2024 Heide Locke Simon 
 137 

SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS Date: February 28, 2024 
 By: /s/ Ryan J. Faulkingham Ryan J. Faulkingham Regular Trustee 
 
 138 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AND SUPPLEMENTAL FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 Page Historical Financial Statements: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 F- 2 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 12 
 Supplemental Financial Data: The following supplementary financial data of the registrant and its subsidiaries required to be included in Item 15(a)(2) of Form 10-K are listed below: Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 S- 1 
 All other schedules not listed above have been omitted as not applicable or because the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or in the notes thereto. 
 
 F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders' 
 Compass Diversified Holdings 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Compass Diversified Holdings (a Delaware trust) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, and our report dated February 28, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management s Report ). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ 

February 28, 2024 
 
 F-2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders' 
 Compass Diversified Holdings 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Compass Diversified Holdings (a Delaware trust) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule included under Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated February 28, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical audit matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Goodwill PrimaLoft reporting unit 
 As described further in note H to the financial statements, the Company performed a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment as of December 31, 2023 on its PrimaLoft reporting unit. This reporting unit had goodwill totaling 290.3 million prior to impairment. We identified the Company s quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for the PrimaLoft reporting unit as a critical audit matter. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that the quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for the PrimaLoft reporting unit is a critical audit matter are that the determination of the reporting unit s fair value required management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasted revenues and the discount rate used. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge, in auditing these assumptions made by management. 
 F-3 

Our audit procedures related to the quantitative impairment testing of the PrimaLoft reporting unit included the following, among others: 
 We tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls relating to the determination of the reporting unit s fair value, including controls over the development of revenue growth rate and discount rate assumptions, as well as the appropriateness of the valuation models used. 
 We evaluated management s historical ability to forecast revenue and compared those assumptions to (1) historical results, (2) management s business plans, and (3) forecasted information in industry reports and companies in their respective peer group. 
 With the assistance of our valuation specialists, we assessed the valuation methodologies utilized by management. 
 We performed sensitivity analyses on the revenue and discount rate assumptions used to evaluate the impact changes in these assumptions have on management s conclusion. 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. 
 
 New York, New York 
 February 28, 2024 
 F-4 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands) December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Current assets of discontinued operations Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Non-current assets of discontinued operations Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Due to related parties (refer to Note Q) Current portion, long-term debt Other current liabilities Current liabilities of discontinued operations Total current liabilities Deferred income taxes Long-term debt Other non-current liabilities Non-current liabilities of discontinued operations Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (refer to Note P) Stockholders equity Trust preferred shares, authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
 Series A preferred shares, par value, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
 Series B preferred shares, par value, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
 Series C preferred shares, par value, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
 Trust common shares, par value, authorized; shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2023 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Treasury shares, at cost ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity attributable to Holdings Noncontrolling interest Noncontrolling interest of discontinued operations Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2023 2022 2021 Net revenues Cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expense Management fees Amortization expense Impairment expense Operating income Other income (expense): Interest expense, net ) ) ) Amortization of debt issuance costs ) ) ) Loss on debt extinguishment ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes ) Provision for income taxes Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Income from discontinued operations, net of income tax Gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of income tax Net income Less: Net income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interest Less: Net income from discontinued operations attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to Holdings Amounts attributable to common shares of Holdings: Income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) Income from discontinued operations, net of income tax Gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of income tax Net income attributable to Holdings Basic and fully diluted income (loss) per share attributable to Holdings (refer to Note K) Continuing operations ) ) ) Discontinued operations ) Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic and fully diluted Cash distribution declared per share (refer to Note K) 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Pension benefit liability, net of tax ) Total comprehensive income, net of tax Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Less: Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Total comprehensive income attributable to Holdings, net of tax 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Trust Preferred Shares Trust Common Shares Treasury Shares Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Stockholders Equity Attributable to Holdings Non- Controlling Interest Non-Controlling Interest of Disc. Ops. Total Stockholders Equity (in thousands) Series A Series B Series C Balance January 1, 2021 ) ) Net income Total comprehensive income, net Issuance of Trust Common Shares, net of offering costs Option activity attributable to noncontrolling shareholders Effect of subsidiary stock option exercise Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Distributions paid to noncontrolling shareholders ) ) Proceeds provided by noncontrolling shareholders Acquisition of Lugano Disposition of Liberty ) ) Distributions paid - Allocation Interests (refer to Note K) ) ) ) Distributions paid - Trust Preferred shares ) ) ) Distributions paid - Trust Common shares ) ) ) Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Total comprehensive loss, net ) ) ) Issuance of Trust Common Shares Option activity attributable to noncontrolling shareholders Effect of subsidiary stock option exercise Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) Distributions paid to noncontrolling shareholders ) ) Acquisition of PrimaLoft Distributions paid - Trust Preferred shares ) ) ) Distributions paid - Trust Common shares ) ) ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 F-8 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Trust Preferred Shares Trust Common Shares Treasury Shares Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Stockholders Equity Attributable to Holdings Non- Controlling Interest Non-Controlling Interest of Disc. Ops. Total Stockholders Equity (in thousands) Series A Series B Series C Net income Total comprehensive income, net Issuance of Trust common shares Purchase of Trust common shares for treasury ) ) ) Option activity attributable to noncontrolling shareholders Effect of subsidiary stock option exercise Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) Distributions paid to noncontrolling shareholders ) ) Acquisition of noncontrolling interest Disposition of ACI ) ) Disposition of Marucci ) ) Distributions paid - Allocation Interests (refer to Note K) ) ) ) Distributions paid - Trust Preferred Shares ) ) ) Distributions paid - Trust Common Shares ) ) ) Balance December 31, 2023 ) ) 
 F-9 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Income from discontinued operations Gain on sale of discontinued operations Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation expense Amortization expense - intangibles Amortization expense - inventory step-up Amortization of debt issuance costs Impairment expense Loss on debt extinguishment Noncontrolling stockholder stock based compensation Provision for receivable and inventory reserves ) ) Deferred taxes ) ) ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Other current and non-current assets ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities - continuing operations ) Net cash provided by operating activities - discontinued operations Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of businesses Other investing activities ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities - continuing operations ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities - discontinued operations ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) 
 F-10 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from the issuance of Trust common shares, net Purchase of treasury shares, net ) Borrowings under credit facility Repayments under credit facility ) ) ) Issuance of Senior Notes Redemption of Senior Notes ) Issuance of Term Loan Repayments - Term Loan ) ) Distributions paid - common shares ) ) ) Distributions paid - preferred shares ) ) ) Net proceeds provided by noncontrolling shareholders Net proceeds provided by noncontrolling shareholders - acquisitions Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling shareholders ) ) ) Distributions paid - Allocation Interests ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Other ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Foreign currency impact on cash ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period (1) 
 Cash and cash equivalents end of period 
 (1) Includes cash from discontinued operations of million at January 1, 2023, million at January 1, 2022 and million at January 1, 2021. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-11 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note A 
 of the Trust Interests (as defined in the Company s Sixth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2021 (as amended and restated, the LLC Agreement )) of the LLC and, pursuant to the LLC Agreement, the LLC has, outstanding, the identical number of Trust Interests as the number of outstanding common shares of the Trust. The LLC is the operating entity with a board of directors and other corporate governance responsibilities, similar to that of a Delaware corporation. 
 The LLC is a controlling owner of businesses, or operating segments, at December 31, 2023. The segments are as follows: 5.11 Acquisition Corp. ("5.11"), Boa Holdings Inc. ("BOA"), The Ergo Baby Carrier, Inc. Ergobaby ), Lugano Holdings, Inc. ("Lugano Diamonds" or "Lugano"), Relentless Intermediate, Inc. ("PrimaLoft"), Velocity Outdoor, Inc. ("Velocity Outdoor" or "Velocity"), AMT Acquisition Corporation Arnold ), FFI Compass, Inc. ("Altor Solutions" or "Altor") (formerly "Foam Fabricat ors") and SternoCandleLamp Holdings, Inc. Sterno ). The segments are referred to interchangeably as businesses , operating segments or subsidiaries throughout the financial statements. Refer to Note F - "Operating Segment Data" for further discussion of the operating segments. Compass Group Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability Company CGM or the Manager ), manages the day to day operations of the LLC and oversees the management and operations of our businesses pursuant to a management services agreement (the "Management Services Agreement" or MSA ). 
 
 Note B 
 share of the voting interest are accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. The amount assigned to the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed is based on the estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition, with the remainder, if any, recorded as goodwill. 

F-12 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million, respectively. 
 Accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful accounts 
 F-13 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

to years 
 Machinery and equipment to years 
 Office furniture, computers and software to years 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of useful life or lease term 
 Property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets that have definitive lives are evaluated for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable triggering event ). Upon the occurrence of a triggering event, the asset is reviewed to assess whether the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected from the use of the asset plus residual value from the ultimate disposal exceeds the carrying value of the asset. If the carrying value exceeds the estimated recoverable amounts, the asset is written down to its fair value. 
 
 F-14 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

I 
 million. This deferred tax asset is net of million of valuation allowance primarily associated with the realization of domestic and foreign net 
 F-15 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-16 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company s Arnold subsidiary maintains a defined benefit plan for certain of its employees which is more fully described in " Note J - Defined Benefit Plan ". Accounting guidelines require employers to recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of defined benefit pension and postretirement plans as assets or liabilities in their consolidated balance sheets and to recognize changes in that funded status in the year in which the changes occur as a component of comprehensive income. 
 Seasonality 
 Earnings of certain of our operating segments are seasonal in nature due to various recurring events, holidays and seasonal weather patterns, as well as the timing of our acquisitions during a given year. Historically, the third and fourth quarter have produced the highest net sales in our fiscal year, however, due to various acquisitions in the last three years, there is generally less seasonality in our net sales on a consolidated basis than there has been historically. 
 million, million, and million of stock based compensation expense was recorded in selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2023, the amount to be recorded for stock-based compensation expense in future years for unvested options is approximately million . 
 F-17 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note C 
 million, before working capital and other customary adjustments. The Company funded the acquisition through a draw on its 2022 Revolving Credit Facility and the proceeds from its new million 2022 Term Loan Facility. PrimaLoft management invested in the transaction along with the Company, representing of the initial equity interest in PrimaLoft. Concurrent with the closing, the Company provided a credit facility to PrimaLoft pursuant to which a secured revolving loan commitment and secured term loan were made available to PrimaLoft (the "PrimaLoft Credit Agreement"). The initial revolving loan and term loan commitments under these facilities on the closing date were million. CGM received integration service fees of million which were payable quarterly over the twelve-month period beginning September 30, 2022. The Company incurred million of transaction costs in conjunction with the PrimaLoft acquisition, which was included in selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations during the third quarter of 2022. 
 PrimaLoft, Inc. is a branded, advanced material technology company based in Latham, New York and is focused on the research and innovative development of high-performance material solutions, specializing in insulations and fabrics. 
 The results of operations of PrimaLoft have been included in the consolidated results of operations since the date of acquisition. PrimaLoft's results of operations are reported as a separate operating segment as a branded consumer business. The table below provides the recording of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition. 
 F-18 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Fair value of identifiable assets acquired: Cash Accounts receivable (1) 
 Inventory Property, plant and equipment 
 Intangible assets Other current and noncurrent assets ) Total identifiable assets Fair value of liabilities assumed: Current liabilities ) Other liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities Net identifiable assets acquired Goodwill ) 
 Acquisition consideration Purchase price Cash acquired ) Net working capital adjustment Total purchase consideration 
 (1) The fair value of accounts receivable approximates book value acquired. 
 The allocation of the purchase price presented above is based on management's estimate of the fair values using valuation techniques including the income, cost and market approach. In estimating the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities, the fair value estimates are based on, but not limited to, expected future revenue and cash flows, expected future growth rates and estimated discount rates. Current and noncurrent assets and current and other liabilities are valued at historical carrying values, which approximate fair value. Inventory is recognized at fair value, with finished goods stated at selling price less an estimated cost to sell. Property, plant and equipment is valued at fair value which approximates book value and will be depreciated on a straight-line basis over the remaining useful lives of the assets. Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired and represents the future economic benefits expected to arise from other intangible assets acquired that do not qualify for separate recognition, including assembled workforce and non-contractual relationships, as well as expected future synergies. The goodwill of million reflects the strategic fit of PrimaLoft in the Company's branded consumer business and is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. The PrimaLoft purchase price allocation was finalized in 2023. 
 F-19 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

years Tradename years Technology years In-process research and development (1) 
 N/a 
 (1) In-process research and development is considered indefinite lived until the underlying technology becomes viable, at which point the intangible asset will be amortized over the expected useful life. 
 The customer relationships were considered the primary intangible asset and was valued at million using a multi-period excess earnings method. The technology was valued at million using a mul ti-period excess earnings methodology with an assumed obsolescence factor. The tradename was valued at million using a multi period excess earnings method. The multi period excess earnings method assumes an asset has value to the extent that it enables its owners to earn a return in excess of the other assets utilized in the business. 
 Acquisition of Lugano Diamonds 
 On September 3, 2021, the LLC, through its newly formed acquisition subsidiaries, Lugano Holding, Inc., a Delaware corporation Lugano Holdings ), and Lugano Buyer, Inc., a Delaware corporation Lugano Buyer and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lugano Holdings, acquired the issued and outstanding shares of stock of Lugano Diamonds Jewelry Inc. ("Lugano") other than certain rollover shares (the Lugano Transaction ). The Lugano Transaction was effectuated pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Lugano Purchase Agreement ), also dated September 3, 2021, by and among Lugano Buyer, the sellers named therein Lugano Sellers and Mordechai Haim Ferder in his individual capacity and as initial representative of the Lugano Sellers. Lugano is a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of high-end, one-of-a-kind jewelry sought after by some of the world s most discerning clientele. Lugano conducts sales via its own retail salons as well as pop-up showrooms at Lugano-hosted or sponsored events in partnership with influential organizations in the equestrian, art and philanthropic community. Lugano is headquartered in Newport Beach, California. 
 The LLC made loans to, and purchased a equity interest in, Lugano. The purchase price, including proceeds from noncontrolling shareholders, was million. The selling shareholders invested in the transaction along with the LLC, representing initial noncontrolling interest on both a primary and fully diluted basis. The fair value of the noncontrolling interest was determined based on the enterprise value of the acquired entity multiplied by the ratio of the number of shares acquired by the minority holders to total shares. The transaction was accounted for as a business combination. CGM acted as an advisor to the LLC in the acquisition and continued to provide integration services during the first year of the LLC's ownership of Lugano. CGM received integration service fees of million which were payable quarterly over a twelve month period as services were rendered beginning December 31, 2021. The LLC incurred million of transaction costs in conjunction with the Lugano acquisition, which was included in selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations during the third quarter of 2021. The LLC funded the acquisition with cash on hand and a million draw on its 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 The results of operations of Lugano have been included in the consolidated results of operations since the date of acquisition. Lugano's results of operations are reported as a separate operating segment as a branded consumer business. The table below provides the recording of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition. 
 (in thousands) Preliminary Purchase Price Allocation Measurement Period Adjustments Final Purchase Price Allocation Purchase Consideration ) Fair value of identifiable assets acquired: Cash 
 F-20 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Inventory Property, plant and equipment 
 Intangible assets Other current and noncurrent assets Total identifiable assets Fair value of liabilities assumed: Current liabilities Other liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities Net identifiable assets acquired Goodwill ) 
 Acquisition consideration Purchase price Cash acquired ) Net working capital adjustment ) Total purchase consideration ) 
 (1) The fair value of accounts receivable approximates book value acquired. 
 The allocation of the purchase price presented above is based on management's estimate of the fair values using valuation techniques including the income, cost and market approach. In estimating the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities, the fair value estimates are based on, but not limited to, expected future revenue and cash flows, expected future growth rates and estimated discount rates. Current and noncurrent assets and current and other liabilities are valued at historical carrying values which approximate fair value. Inventory is recognized at fair value, with finished goods stated at selling price less an estimated cost to sell. Property, plant and equipment is valued through a purchase price appraisal and will be depreciated on a straight-line basis over the respective remaining useful lives of the assets. Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired and represents the future economic benefits expected to arise from other intangible assets acquired that do not qualify for separate recognition, including assembled workforce and non-contractual relationships, as well as expected future synergies. The goodwill of million reflects the strategic fit of Lugano in the Company's branded consumer business and is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 The intangible assets recorded related to the Lugano acquisition are as follows (in thousands): 
 Intangible Assets Fair Value Estimated Useful Lives Tradename years Customer relationships years 
 The tradename was considered the primary intangible asset and was valued at million using a multi period excess earnings method. The customer relationships were valued at million using a multi period excess earnings method. The multi period excess earnings method assumes an asset has value to the extent that it enables its owners to earn a return in excess of the other assets utilized in the business. 
 F-21 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Gross profit Operating income Net income from continuing operations Net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to Holdings ) Basic and fully diluted net loss per share from continuing operations attributable to Holdings ) ) 
 Other acquisitions 
 Velocity 
 King's Camo - On July 8, 2022, Velocity acquired the assets of King's Camo LC, a manufacturer of outdoor performance apparel and gear, for a purchase price of approximately million and included a potential earnout of million. The final earnout amount was million and was paid in the second quarter of 2023.The acquisition and related transaction costs were funded through an additional term loan of million under the Velocity intercompany credit agreement. Velocity paid approximately million in transaction fees. Velocity recorded a purchase price allocation, including goodwill of approximately million, which is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes, and intangible assets of million. The remainder of the purchase consideration was allocated to net assets acquired. The purchase price allocation was finalized in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Altor Solutions 
 Plymouth Foam - On October 5, 2021, Altor acquired Plymouth Foam, LLC Plymouth ), a manufacturer of protective packaging and componentry, for an enterprise value of approximately million, excluding customary closing adjustments. The acquisition and related transaction costs were funded through an additional term loan of million under the Altor intercompany credit agreement and a draw on the existing Altor intercompany revolving credit facility with the LLC. Altor paid approximately million in transaction fees in connection with the acquisition of Plymouth. Plymouth was founded in 1978 and is based in Plymouth, Wisconsin. Plymouth supplies a wide array of high value products, including custom protective packaging, cold chain packaging and internal components made from expanded polystyrene and expanded polypropylene. Plymouth s complementary product portfolio will allow Altor to be able to further expand its business and capabilities. Altor recorded a purchase price allocation, including goodwill of approximately million, which is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes, and intangible asset of million. The purchase price allocation was finalized in the first quarter of 2022. 
 Arnold 
 Ramco - On March 1, 2021, Arnold acquired Ramco Electric Motors, Inc. ("Ramco"), a manufacturer of stators, rotors and full electric motors, for a purchase price of approximately million. The acquisition and related transaction costs were funded through an additional equity investment in Arnold by the LLC of million. Ramco was founded in 1987 and is based in Greenville, Ohio. Ramco supplies their custom electric motor solutions for general industrial, aerospace and defense, and oil and gas end-markets. Ramco s complementary product portfolio will allow Arnold to be able to offer more comprehensive, turnkey solutions to their customers. In connection with the acquisition, Arnold recorded a purchase price allocation of million of goodwill, which is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes and million in intangible assets. The remainder of the purchase 
 F-22 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note D 
 million, subject to certain adjustments based on matters such as transaction tax benefits, transaction expenses of Wheelhouse, the net working capital and cash and debt balances of Wheelhouse at the time of the closing. After the allocation of the sales price to Wheelhouse non-controlling equityholders and the payment of transaction expenses, CODI received approximately million o f total proceeds at closing of which million related to the repayment of intercompany loans with the Compa ny . We recorded a pre-tax gain on sale of Marucci of million in the year ended December 31, 2023. The proceeds from the Marucci sale were used to pay down outstanding debt under the Company s 2022 Credit Facility and, subsequent to year-end, to fund an acquisition by Company. Refer to Note S - Subsequent Event for a description of the acquisition. 
 Summarized results of operations of Marucci for the previous years through the date of disposition are as follows (in thousands): 
 For the period January 1, 2023 through disposition Year ended December 31, 2022 Year ended December 31, 2021 Net sales Gross profit Operating income Income from operations before income taxes (1) 
 Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) Income from discontinued operations (1) 
 
 (1) The results of operations for the periods from January 1, 2023 through disposition and the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, each exclude million, million and million, respectively, of intercompany interest expense. 
 The following table presents summary balance sheet information of Marucci that is presented as discontinued operations as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 F-23 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Current assets of discontinued operations Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Non-current assets of discontinued operations Liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue Other current liabilities Current liabilities of discontinued operations Deferred income taxes Other non-current liabilities Non-current liabilities of discontinued operations Noncontrolling interest of discontinued operations 
 Sale of Advanced Circuits 
 On January 10, 2023, the LLC, solely in its capacity as the representative of the holders of stock and options of Compass AC Holdings, Inc., a majority owned subsidiary of the LLC, entered into a definitive Agreement and Plan of Merger with APCT Inc. ACI Purchaser ), Circuit Merger Sub, Inc. ACI Merger Sub and Advanced Circuits, pursuant to which ACI Purchaser agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding securities of Advanced Circuits, the parent company of the operating entity, Advanced Circuits, Inc., through a merger of ACI Merger Sub with and into Advanced Circuits, with Advanced Circuits surviving the merger and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of ACI Purchaser (the ACI Merger ). The ACI Merger was completed on February 14, 2023. The sale price of Advanced Circuits was based on an enterprise value of million, subject to certain adjustments based on matters such as the working capital and cash and debt balances of Advanced Circuits at the time of the closing. After the allocation of the sales price to Advanced Circuits non-controlling equity holders and the payment of transaction expenses, the Company received approximately million of total proceeds at closing, of which million related to the repayment of intercompany loans with the Company. We recorded a pre-tax gain on sale of million on the sale of Advanced Circuits in the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Summarized results of operations of ACI for the previous years through the date of disposition are as follows (in thousands): 
 For the period January 1, 2023 through disposition Year ended December 31, 2022 Year ended December 31, 2021 Net sales Gross profit Operating income Income (loss) from operations before income taxes (1) 
 ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations (1) 
 ) 
 F-24 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, million and million, respectively, of intercompany interest expense. 
 The following table presents summary balance sheet information of ACI that is presented as discontinued operations as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Current assets of discontinued operations Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other non-current assets Non-current assets of discontinued operations Liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Due to related party Other current liabilities Current liabilities of discontinued operations Deferred income taxes Other non-current liabilities Non-current liabilities of discontinued operations Noncontrolling interest of discontinued operations 
 F-25 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million gain to the Trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes. This taxable capital gain should result in a basis step-up for the Trust after the Election. This basis step-up should provide a tax benefit to the Trust, as it should increase the Trust s basis in its subsidiaries as of September 1, 2021, which in turn should reduce future gains, if and when the Trust divests such subsidiaries. The Trust has filed for a Private Letter Ruling ("PLR"), with the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") regarding the basis step-up and intends to reflect the basis step up on future tax returns unless the IRS disagrees with the Company's proposed treatment. Until the IRS issues a ruling on the PLR, the Company has concluded that a full reserve should be recorded for the stepped-up basis benefit and as a result, recorded an unrecognized tax benefit of million that reduced the gain on sale of Advanced Circuits and Marucci. The gain recorded related to the sale of Advanced Circuits and Marucci in the year ending December 31, 2023 is subject to income tax expense. Prior to the sale of Marucci in the fourth quarter of 2023, the Trust had sufficient net operating losses to offset the gain on sale of Advanced Circuits and did not record income tax expense. The sale of Marucci and the resulting gain that was recorded, combined with the gain on Advanced Circuits, utilized all of the Trust's net operating losses and resulted in taxable income in the fourth quarter of 2023. The Trust recorded income tax expense of million that reduced the gain on sale of discontinued operations. The pre-tax gain on sale of Advanced Circuits and Marucci totaled million, and was reduced by the million in income tax expense and the million in unrecognized tax benefits, resulting in the million recorded as gain on sale of discontinued operations in the statement of operations in the year ending December 31, 2023. 
 Sale of Liberty 
 On July 16, 2021, the LLC, as majority stockholder of Liberty Safe Holding Corporation and as Sellers Representative, entered into a definitive Stock Purchase Agreement (the Liberty Purchase Agreement with Independence Buyer, Inc. Liberty Buyer ), Liberty and the other holders of stock and options of Liberty to sell to Liberty Buyer all of the issued and outstanding securities of Liberty, the parent company of the operating entity, Liberty Safe and Security Products, Inc. 
 On August 3, 2021, Liberty Buyer and the LLC, as Sellers Representative, entered into the Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement (the Liberty Amendment which amended the Liberty Purchase Agreement to, among other things, provide that, immediately prior to the closing, certain investors in Liberty will, instead of selling all of the shares of Liberty owned by them to Liberty Buyer, contribute a portion of such shares (the Liberty Rollover Shares to an indirect parent company of Liberty Buyer in exchange for equity securities of such entity. 
 On August 3, 2021, Liberty Buyer completed the acquisition of all the issued and outstanding securities of Liberty (other than the Liberty Rollover Shares) pursuant to the Liberty Purchase Agreement and Liberty Amendment (the Liberty Transaction ). The sale price of Liberty was based on an aggregate total enterprise value of million, subject to customary adjustments. After the allocation of the sale proceeds to Liberty's non-controlling shareholders, the repayment of intercompany loans to the LLC (including accrued interest) of million, and the payment of transaction expenses of approximately million, the LLC received approximately million of total proceeds from the sale at closing. The LLC recognized a gain on the sale of Liberty of million during the year ended December 31, 2021. In 2022, the LLC received an income tax refund of approximately million related to Liberty which was recognized as gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of taxes, in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
 F-26 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Gross profit Operating income Income from continuing operations before income taxes (1) 
 Provision for income taxes Income from discontinued operations (1) 
 
 (1) The results of operations for the period from January 1, 2021 through disposition, excludes million of intercompany interest expense. 
 Sale of Clean Earth 
 On May 8, 2019, the LLC, as majority stockholder of CEHI Acquisition Corporation ("Clean Earth" or CEHI") and as Sellers Representative, entered into a definitive Stock Purchase Agreement (the Clean Earth Purchase Agreement with Calrissian Holdings, LLC Clean Earth Buyer ), CEHI, the other holders of stock and options of CEHI and, as Clean Earth Buyer s guarantor, Harsco Corporation, pursuant to which Clean Earth Buyer would acquire all of the issued and outstanding securities of CEHI, the parent company of the operating entity, Clean Earth, Inc. The LLC recognized a gain on the sale of Clean Earth of million during the year ended December 31, 2019. In 2022, the LLC received an income tax refund of approximately million related to Clean Earth which was recognized as gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of taxes, in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

Note E - 
 F-27 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F-28 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

BOA (1) 
 Ergo Lugano PrimaLoft (2) 
 Velocity Altor Arnold Sterno 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 United States Mexico Europe Asia Pacific Other International Total 5.11 BOA (1) 
 Ergo Lugano PrimaLoft (2) 
 Velocity Altor Arnold Sterno 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 United States Mexico Europe Asia Pacific Other International Total 5.11 BOA (1) 
 Ergo Lugano Velocity Altor Arnold Sterno 
 (1) For BOA, revenue reflects the location of BOA's Brand Partners. 
 (2) For PrimaLoft, revenue reflects the location of our manufacturing partners. 
 F-29 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note F 
 reportable operating segments. Each operating segment represents a platform acquisition. The Company s operating segments are strategic business units that offer different products and services. While each is actively managed by the Company, they are managed separately because each business requires different technology and marketing strategies. A description of each of the reportable segments and the types of products from which each segment derives its revenues is as follows: 
 5.11 is a leading provider of purpose-built technical apparel and gear for law enforcement, firefighters, EMS, and military special operations as well as outdoor and adventure enthusiasts. 5.11 is a brand known for innovation and authenticity, and works directly with end users to create purpose-built apparel and gear designed to enhance the safety, accuracy, speed and performance of tactical professionals and enthusiasts worldwide. Headquartered in Costa Mesa, California, 5.11 operates sales offices and distribution centers globally, and 5.11 products are widely distributed in uniform stores, military exchanges, outdoor retail stores, its own retail stores and on 511tactical.com. 
 BOA, creator of the revolutionary, award-winning, patented BOA Fit System, partners with market-leading brands to make the best gear even better. Delivering fit solutions purpose-built for performance, the BOA Fit System is featured in footwear across snow sports, cycling, outdoor, athletic, workwear as well as performance headwear and bracing. The system consists of three integral parts: a micro-adjustable dial, high-tensile lightweight laces, and low friction lace guides creating a superior alternative to laces, buckles, Velcro, and other traditional closure mechanisms. Each unique BOA configuration is designed with brand partners to deliver superior fit and performance for athletes, is engineered to perform in the toughest conditions and is backed by The BOA Lifetime Guarantee. BOA is headquartered in Denver, Colorado and has offices in Austria, Greater China, South Korea, and Japan. 
 Ergobaby , headquartered in Torrance, California, is a designer, marketer and distributor of wearable baby carriers and accessories, blankets and swaddlers, nursing pillows, strollers, bouncers and related products. Ergobaby primarily sells its Ergobaby and Baby Tula branded products through brick-and-mortar retailers, national chain stores, online retailers, its own websites and distributors and derives more than of its sales from outside of the United States. 
 Lugano Diamonds is a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of high-end, one-of-a-kind jewelry sought after by some of the world s most discerning clientele. Lugano conducts sales via its own retail salons as well as pop-up showrooms at Lugano-hosted or sponsored events in partnership with influential organizations in the equestrian, art and philanthropic community. Lugano is headquartered in Newport Beach, California. 
 PrimaLoft is a leading provider of branded, high-performance synthetic insulation and materials used primarily in consumer outerwear, and accessories. The portfolio of PrimaLoft synthetic insulations offers products that can both mimic natural down aesthetics and provide the freedom to design garments ranging from stylish puffers to lightweight performance apparel. PrimaLoft insulations also offer superior economics to the brand partner and enable better sustainability characteristics through the use of recycled, low-carbon inputs. PrimaLoft is headquartered in Latham, New York. 
 Velocity Outdoor is a leading designer, manufacturer, and marketer of airguns, archery products, laser aiming devices, hunting apparel and related accessories. Velocity Outdoor offers its products under the Crosman, Benjamin, LaserMax, Ravin, CenterPoint and King's Camo brands that are available through national retail chains, mass merchants, dealer and distributor networks. The airgun product category consists of air rifles, air pistols and a range of accessories including targets, holsters and cases. Velocity Outdoor's other primary product categories are archery, with products including CenterPoint and Ravin crossbows, consumables, which includes steel and plastic BBs, lead pellets and CO2 cartridges, lasers for firearms, and airsoft products. The apparel category offers high-performance, feature rich hunting and casual apparel of uncompromised quality utilizing King s own proprietary camo patterns. 
 Altor Solutions is a designer and manufacturer of custom molded protective foam solutions and original equipment manufacturer components made from expanded polystyrene and expanded polypropylene. Altor provides products to a variety of end markets, including appliances and electronics, pharmaceuticals, health and wellness, automotive, building and other products. Altor is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona and operates molding and fabricating facilities across North America. 
 F-30 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

customers and leading systems-integrators worldwide with a focus on North America, Europe, and Asia. Arnold has built a preferred rare earth supply chain and has leading rare earth and other permanent magnet production capabilities. Arnold is headquartered in Rochester, New York. 
 Sterno is a leading manufacturer and marketer of portable food warming systems, creative indoor and outdoor lighting, and home fragrance solutions for the consumer markets. Sterno also manufactures creative indoor and outdoor lighting and home fragrance solutions for consumer markets. Sterno offers a broad range of wick and gel chafing systems, butane stoves and accessories, liquid and traditional wax candles, catering equipment and lamps through Sterno Products, as well as scented wax cubes, warmer products, outdoor lighting and essential oils used for home decor and fragrance systems, through Rimports. Sterno is headquartered in Plano, Texas. 
 The tabular information that follows shows data for each of the operating segments reconciled to amounts reflected in the consolidated financial statements. The operations of each of the operating segments are included in consolidated operating results as of their date of acquisition. Segment profit is determined based on internal performance measures used by the Manager to assess the performance of each business. Corporate consists of corporate overhead and management fees that are not allocated to any of the Company's reportable segments. There were no significant inter-segment transactions. 
 Summary of Operating Segments 
 BOA Ergobaby Lugano PrimaLoft Velocity Outdoor Altor Solutions Arnold Sterno Total segment revenue Corporate Total consolidated revenues 
 F-31 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

BOA Ergobaby (1) 
 ) Lugano PrimaLoft (1) 
 ) ) Velocity Outdoor (1) 
 ) Altor Solutions Arnold Sterno Total segment operating income Corporate (2) 
 ) ) ) Total consolidated operating income Reconciliation of segment operating income (loss) to consolidated income from continuing operations before income taxes: Interest expense, net ) ) ) Amortization of debt issuance costs ) ) ) Loss on debt extinguishment ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Total consolidated income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes ) 
 (1) Segment loss for the PrimaLoft and Velocity operating segments for the year ended December 31, 2023 includes goodwill impairment expense of million and million, respectively. Segment loss for the Ergobaby operating segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes goodwill impairment expense of million. 
 (2) Corporate operating loss is comprised of management fees to CGM and corporate overhead expenses. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 5.11 BOA Ergobaby Lugano PrimaLoft Velocity Outdoor Altor Solutions Arnold Sterno Total Reconciliation of segment to consolidated total: Amortization of debt issuance costs and debt premiums Consolidated total 
 F-32 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

BOA Ergobaby Lugano PrimaLoft Velocity Altor Solutions Arnold Sterno Sales allowance accounts ) ) Total Reconciliation of segment to consolidated totals: Corporate and other identifiable assets (2) 
 Assets of discontinued operations Total 
 (1) Does not include accounts receivable balances per schedule above or goodwill balances - refer to " Note H - Goodwill and Intangible Assets " for a schedule of goodwill by segment. 
 (2) Corporate assets at December 31, 2023 consists primarily of cash related to the proceeds received from the sale of Marucci in November 2023. 
 Geographic Information 
 Net Revenues 
 Revenues are attributable to countries based on the location of customers. 
 
 Identifiable Assets 
 Several of the Company's operating segments have subsidiaries with assets located outside of the United States. The following table presents identifiable assets by geographic area: 
 Europe Other international Total identifiable assets 
 
 (1) Does not include assets of discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 F-33 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note G - 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Less: obsolescence reserve ) ) Total 
 
 Office furniture, computers and software Leasehold improvements Buildings and land Construction in process Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Total 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Note H 
 F-34 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

BOA Ergobaby Lugano PrimaLoft ) ) Velocity Outdoor ) Altor Solutions Arnold Sterno Total ) ) 
 (1) Acquisition of businesses during the year ended December 31, 2023 includes an add-on acquisition at Ergobaby. 
 Balance at January 1, 2022 Acquisitions/Measurement Period Adjustments (1) 
 Goodwill Impairment Balance at December 31, 2022 5.11 BOA Ergobaby ) Lugano PrimaLoft Velocity Outdoor Altor Solutions Arnold Sterno Total ) 
 (1) Acquisition of businesses during the year ended December 31, 2022 includes the acquisition of PrimaLoft by the Company, and an add-on acquisition at Velocity. 
 Approximately million of goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes at December 31, 2023. 
 Interim Impairment Testing 
 2023 Interim Impairment Testing 
 PrimaLoft - The Company performed an interim impairment test of goodwill at PrimaLoft as of December 31, 2023. As a result of operating results that were below forecast amounts that were used as the basis for the purchase price allocation performed when PrimaLoft was acquired as well as the failure of certain financial covenants in the intercompany credit agreement as of December 31, 2023, the Company determined that a triggering event had occurred. The Company performed the quantitative impairment test using both an income approach and a market approach. The prospective information used in the income approach considers macroeconomic data, industry and reporting unit specific facts and circumstances and is our best estimate of operational results and cash flows for the PrimaLoft reporting unit as of the date of our impairment testing. The discount rate used in the income approach was The results of the quantitative impairment testing indicated that the fair value of the PrimaLoft reporting 
 F-35 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million in the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Velocity Outdoor - The Company performed interim quantitative impairment testing of goodwill at Velocity at August 31, 2023. As a result of operating results that were below the forecast that we used in the quantitative impairment test of Velocity Outdoor at March 31, 2023, the Company determined that a triggering event had occurred at Velocity in the third quarter of 2023 and performed an interim impairment test as of August 31, 2023. The Company used an income approach for the impairment test, whereby we estimate the fair value of the reporting unit based on the present value of future cash flows. Cash flow projections are based on management's estimate of revenue growth rates and operating margins, and take into consideration industry and market conditions as well as company specific economic factors. The Company used a weighted average cost of capital of in the income approach. The discount rate used was based on the weighted average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant risk associated with business specific characteristics and Velocity's ability to execute on projected cash flows. Based on the results of the impairment test, the fair value of Velocity did not exceed its carrying value. The Company recorded goodwill impairment of million during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 2022 Interim Impairment Testing 
 Ergobaby - The Company performed interim quantitative impairment testing at Ergobaby of goodwill and the indefinite lived tradename at December 31, 2022. As a result of operating results that were below historical and forecast amounts, the Company determined that a triggering event had occurred at Ergobaby. The Company used an income approach for the impairment test, whereby we estimate the fair value of the reporting unit based on the present value of future cash flows. Cash flow projections are based on management's estimate of revenue growth rates and operating margins, and take into consideration industry and market conditions as well as company specific economic factors. The Company used a weighted average cost of capital of in the income approach. The discount rate used was based on the weighted average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant risk associated with business specific characteristics and Ergobaby's ability to execute on projected cash flows. Based on the results of the impairment test, the fair value of Ergobaby did not exceed its carrying value. We recorded goodwill impairment of million at December 31, 2022. For the indefinite lived tradename, quantitative testing indicated that the fair value exceeded the carrying value. 
 Annual Impairment Testing 
 The Company uses a qualitative approach to test goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more-likely than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform quantitative goodwill impairment testing. 
 2023 Annual Impairment Testing 
 The Company determined that the Velocity reporting unit required additional quantitative testing because we could not conclude that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value based on qualitative factors alone. For the reporting units that were tested only on a qualitative basis for the 2023 annual impairment testing, the results of the qualitative analysis indicated that it is more likely than not that the fair value exceeded the carrying value of these reporting units. 
 The quantitative test of Velocity was performed using an income approach to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. The discount rate used in the income approach was and the results of the quantitative impairment testing indicated that the fair value of the Velocity reporting unit exceeded the carrying value by . 
 2022 Annual Impairment Testing 
 The results of the qualitative analysis indicated that it was more-likely-than-not that the fair value of each of our reporting units exceeded their carrying value for the 2022 annual impairment testing. 
 2021 Annual Impairment Testing 
 The Company determined that the Arnold reporting unit required additional quantitative testing because we could not conclude that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value based on qualitative factors alone. The quantitative test of Arnold was performed using an income approach to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. The results of the quantitative impairment testing indicated that the fair value of the Arnold reporting unit exceeded the carrying value. For the reporting units that were tested only on a qualitative basis for the 2021 annual 
 F-36 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accumulated impairment losses (1) 
 ) ) Goodwill - net carrying amount 
 (1) Includes goodwill impairment expense of million recorded at Ergobaby, million at Velocity million at Arnold and million at PrimaLoft. In the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded million of goodwill impairment expense at Velocity and million of goodwill impairment expense at PrimaLoft. In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million in goodwill impairment expense at Ergobaby. 
 Intangible Assets 
 Intangible assets are comprised of the following (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Weighted Average Useful Lives Customer relationships ) ) Technology and patents ) ) Trade names, subject to amortization ) ) Non-compete agreements ) ) Other contractual intangible assets ) ) ) ) Trade names, not subject to amortization In-process research and development (1) 
 Total intangibles, net ) ) 
 (1) In-process research and development is considered indefinite lived until the underlying technology becomes viable, at which point the intangible asset will be amortized over the expected useful life. 
 The Company s amortization expense of intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 totaled million, million and million, respectively. 
 Estimated charges to amortization expense of intangible assets over the next five years, is as follows, (in thousands): 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 

F-37 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note I 
 million ("the 2022 Revolving Loan Commitment") and a million term loan (the 2022 Term Loan ). The 2022 Term Loan requires quarterly payments ranging from million to million, commencing September 30, 2022, with a final payment of all remaining principal and interest due on July 12, 2027, which is the 2022 Term Loan s maturity date. All amounts outstanding under the 2022 Revolving Line of Credit will become due on July 12, 2027, which is the termination date of the 2022 Revolving Loan Commitment. The 2022 Credit Facility also permits the LLC, prior to the applicable maturity date, to increase the Revolving Loan Commitment and/or obtain additional term loans in an aggregate amount of up to million, subject to certain restrictions and conditions. On the closing date for the 2022 Credit Facility, the 2022 Term Loan was advanced in full and the initial borrowings outstanding under the 2022 Revolving Line of Credit were million. We used the initial proceeds from the 2022 Credit Facility to pay all amounts outstanding under the 2021 Credit Facility, pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the 2022 Credit Facility and fund the acquisition of PrimaLoft. 
 The LLC may borrow, prepay and reborrow principal under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility from time to time during its term. Advances under the 2022 Revolving Line of Credit can be either term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") loans or base rate loans. Term SOFR revolving loans bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each interest period at a rate per annum based on the applicable SOFR as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator), as adjusted, plus a margin ranging from to , based on the ratio of consolidated net indebtedness to adjusted consolidated earnings before interest expense, tax expense, and depreciation and amortization expenses for such period (the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio ). Base rate revolving loans bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof at a rate per annum equal to the highest of (i) Federal Funds rate plus , (ii) the prime rate , and (iii) the applicable SOFR plus (the Base Rate ), plus a margin ranging from to , based on the Company's Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio. 
 Advances under the 2022 Term Loan can be either term SOFR loans or base rate loans. The 2022 Term Loan was advanced in full on the closing date for the 2022 Credit Facility as a Term SOFR loan with an interest period of one month. On the last day of an interest period, Term SOFR loans may be converted to Term SOFR loans of a different interest period or to Base Rate loans. Term SOFR term loans bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each interest period at a rate per annum based on the Term SOFR for such interest period plus a margin ranging from to , based on the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio. Base rate term loans bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus a margin ranging from to , based on the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio. 
 2021 Credit Facility 
 On March 23, 2021, we entered into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the "2021 Credit Facility") to amend and restate the 2018 Credit Facility (as previously restated and amended) among the LLC, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. The 2021 Credit Facility provided for revolving loans, swing line loans and letters of credit up to a maximum aggregate amount of million and also permitted the LLC, prior to the applicable maturity date, to increase the revolving loan commitment and/or obtain term loans in an aggregate amount of up to million, subject to certain restrictions and conditions. The Company repaid the outstanding amounts under the 2021 credit facility in the third quarter of 2022 in connection with entering into the 2022 Credit Facility. 
 Senior Notes 
 2032 Senior Notes 
 On November 17, 2021, we consummated the issuance and sale of million aggregate principal amount of our Senior Notes due 2032 (the 2032 Notes of "2032 Senior Notes") offered pursuant to a private offering to qualified institutional buyers in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and to non-U.S. persons under Regulation S under the Securities Act. The 2032 Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of 
 F-38 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per annum and will mature on January 15, 2032. Interest on the 2032 Notes is payable in cash on January 15 and July 15 of each year, beginning on July 15, 2022. 
 The proceeds from the sale of the 2032 Notes was used to repay a portion of our debt outstanding under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 2029 Senior Notes 
 On March 23, 2021, we consummated the issuance and sale of million aggregate principal amount of our Senior Notes due 2029 (the "2029 Notes" or "2029 Senior Notes") offered pursuant to a private offering to qualified institutional buyers in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and to non-U.S. persons under Regulation S under the Securities Act. The 2029 Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of March 23, 2021 (the 2029 Notes Indenture ), between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the "Trustee"). The 2029 Notes bear interest at the rate of per annum and will mature on April 15, 2029. Interest on the 2029 Notes is payable in cash on April 15th and October 15th of each year. The first interest payment date on the 2029 Senior Notes was October 15, 2021. The 2029 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company and are not guaranteed by our subsidiaries. The proceeds from the sale of the 2029 Notes was used to repay debt outstanding under the 2018 Credit Facility in connection with our entry into the 2021 Credit Facility, as described above, and to redeem our Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Senior Notes ). 
 The 2032 Notes and the 2029 Notes rank equal in right of payment with all of the Company s existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness, and rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s future subordinated indebtedness, if any. The 2032 Notes and the 2029 Notes will be effectively subordinated to the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, including the indebtedness under the Company s credit facilities described below. The 2032 Notes Indenture and the 2029 Notes Indenture contains several restrictive covenants including, but not limited to, limitations on the following: (i) the incurrence of additional indebtedness, (ii) restricted payments, (iii) the purchase, redemption or retirement of capital stock or subordinated debt, (iv) dividends and other payments affecting restricted subsidiaries, (v) transactions with affiliates, (vi) asset sales and mergers and consolidations, (vii) future subsidiary guarantees and (viii) incurring liens, (ix) entering into sale-leaseback transactions and (x) making certain investments, subject in each case to certain exceptions. 
 2026 Senior Notes 
 Our 2026 Senior Notes bore interest at per annum and were scheduled to mature on May 1, 2026. On March 2, 2021, pursuant to an indenture, dated as of April 18, 2018 between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee ("Trustee"), the Trustee delivered redemption notices, on behalf of the Company, to holders of the Company s 2026 Senior Notes to redeem the 2026 Senior Notes on April 1, 2021. The principal amount of the 2026 Senior Notes redeemed was million, which represented all of the outstanding principal of the 2026 Senior Notes. The 2026 Senior Notes were redeemed at of their principal, plus an applicable premium, and accrued and unpaid interest as of the redemption date. On March 23, 2021, the proceeds required for the redemption of the 2026 Senior Notes, the applicable premium and accrued interest totaling million was irrevocably deposited with the Trustee and held by the Trustee until the date of redemption, April 1, 2021. The redemption of the 2026 Senior Notes resulted in a Loss on Debt Extinguishment of approximately million, which is comprised of the premium paid for early redemption of the 2026 Senior Notes, and the expensing of the deferred financing costs and bond premium associated with the 2026 Senior Notes. 
 F-39 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2032 Senior Notes 2022 Term Loan 2022 Revolving Credit Facility Unamortized premiums and debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt Less: Current portion, term loan facilities ) ) Long-term debt 
 Annual maturities of the Company's debt obligations are as follows (in thousands): 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter 
 Debt Issuance Costs 
 Deferred debt issuance costs represent the costs associated with the issuance of the Company's financing arrangements. In connection with entering into the 2022 Credit Facility, the Company recognized million in deferred financing costs associated with the 2022 Term Loan, and million in deferred financing costs associated with the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. In connection with the 2032 Senior Notes offering in November 2021, the Company recorded million in deferred financing costs, and million in deferred financing costs related to the 2029 Senior Notes offering in March 2021. The Company recorded million in deferred financing costs in connection with entry into the 2021 Credit Facility, million of which was recorded as a loss on debt extinguishment upon entry into the 2022 Credit Facility. The net deferred financing costs associated with the Company's 2026 Senior Notes were million at March 31, 2021, and were expensed on April 1, 2021, the date of the redemption of the 2026 Senior Notes. 
 Since the Company can borrow, repay and reborrow principal under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, the debt issuance costs associated with the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility have been classified as other non-current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The debt issuance costs associated with the 2022 Term Loan and Senior Notes are classified as a reduction of long-term debt in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 F-40 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accumulated amortization ) ) Deferred debt issuance costs, net Balance sheet classification: Other noncurrent assets Long-term debt 
 Covenants 
 The Company is subject to certain customary affirmative and restrictive covenants arising under the 2022 Credit Facility. 
 :1:00 
 Total Secured Debt to EBITDA Ratio Less than or equal to 3.50: 1.00 :1:00 
 Total Debt to EBITDA Ratio Less than or equal to 5.00: 1.00 :1:00 
 
 The Company exercised an option under our 2022 Credit Facility to increase our Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio to :1.00 as of December 31, 2022. This ratio declined to :1.00 on June 30, 2023, and to :1.00 on December 31, 2023. 
 A breach of any of these covenants will be an event of default under the 2022 Credit Facility. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the 2022 Credit Facility, the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility may be terminated, and all outstanding loans and other obligations under the 2022 Credit Facility may become immediately due and payable and any letters of credit then outstanding may be required to be cash collateralized, and the Agent and the Lenders may exercise any rights or remedies available to them under the 2022 Credit Facility. Any such event would materially impair the Company s ability to conduct its business. As of December 31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with all covenants as defined in the 2022 Credit Facility. 
 Letters of credit 
 The 2022 Credit Facility allows for letters of credit in an aggregate face amount of up to million. Letters of credit outstanding at both December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 totaled million. 
 F-41 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Interest on Senior Notes Unused fee on Revolving Credit Facility Amortization of debt premium ) Other interest expense Interest income ) ) ) Interest expense, net 
 
 Note J 
 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain)/loss ) Plan amendment ) ) Employee contributions and transfer Benefits paid Settlement ) ) Foreign currency translation ) Benefit obligation Change in plan assets: Fair value of assets, beginning of period Actual return on plan assets ) Company contribution Employee contributions and transfer Benefits paid Settlement ) ) Foreign currency translation ) Fair value of assets Funded status ) ) 
 F-42 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, is recognized in the consolidated balance sheet within other non-current liabilities. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of unrecognized gain (loss) ) ) ) Effect of settlement ) ) Effect of curtailment Net periodic benefit cost 
 Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase 
 The Company considers the historical level of long-term returns and the current level of expected long-term returns for the plan assets, as well as the current and expected allocation of assets when developing its expected long-term rate of return on assets assumption. The assumptions used for the plan are based upon customary rates and practices for the location of the Company. 
 Arnold expects to contribute approximately million to the defined benefit plan in 2024. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 Asset management objectives include maintaining an adequate level of diversification to reduce interest rate and market risk and providing adequate liquidity to meet immediate and future benefit payment requirements. 
 The assets of the plan are reinsured in their entirety with Swiss Life Ltd. Swiss Life within the framework of the corresponding contracts with Swiss Life Collective BVG Foundation and Swiss Life Complementary Foundation. The assets are guaranteed by the insurance company and pooled with the assets of other participating employers. 
 F-43 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Real estate Equities and investment funds Certificates of deposit and cash and cash equivalents Other investments 
 The plan assets are pooled with assets of other participating employers and are not separable; therefore the fair values of the pension plan assets at December 31, 2023 and 2022 were considered Level 3. 
 
 Note K 
 Trust common shares and the LLC is authorized to issue a corresponding number of LLC interests. The Company will, at all times, have the identical number of LLC interests outstanding as Trust shares. Each Trust share represents an undivided beneficial interest in the Trust, and each Trust share is entitled to one vote per share on any matter with respect to which members of the LLC are entitled to vote. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In January 2023, the Company's Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase, through December 31, 2023, up to million of its outstanding common shares. The Company repurchased shares for approximately million during the year ended December 31, 2023. The share repurchase program expired on December 31, 2023. 
 Private Placement 
 On December 15, 2023, the Company completed the sale of common shares in a private placement to 
 Allspring Special Small Cap Value Fund for consideration per share equal to per share, or an aggregate sale price of approximately million. In connection with the issuance of the shares, we paid a commission equal to of the aggregate sales price, or approximately million. The sale of the common shares was made pursuant to a subscription agreement pursuant to which the buyer agreed not to dispose of the common shares for a period of six months following the date of the private placement. 
 At-The-Market Equity Offering Program 
 On September 7, 2021, the Company filed a prospectus supplement pursuant to which the Company may, but has no obligation to, issue and sell up to million common shares of the Trust in amounts and at times to be determined by the Company. Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by us from time to time, including, market conditions, the trading price of Trust common shares and determinations by us regarding appropriate sources of funding. 
 In connection with this offering, the Company entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc. and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC (each a Sales Agent and, collectively, the Sales Agents ). The Sales Agreement provides that the Company may offer and sell Trust common shares from time to time through the Sales Agents up to million, in amounts and at times to be determined by the Company. Pursuant to the Sales Agreement, the shares may be offered and sold through each Sales Agent, acting separately, in ordinary brokers transactions, to or through a market maker, on or through the New York Stock Exchange or any other market venue where the securities may be traded, in the over-the-counter market, in privately negotiated transactions, in transactions that are deemed to be at the market offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act or through a combination of any such methods of sale. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, there were no sales of Trust common shares under the Sales Agreement as the at-the-market program is not active when the share repurchase program is active. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold Trust common shares under the Sales Agreement. For the same period, the Company received total net proceeds of approximately million from these sales, and incurred approximately million in commissions payable to the Sales Agents. 
 F-44 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million total expenses related to the ATM program during both the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Trust Preferred Shares 
 The Trust is authorized to issue up to Trust preferred shares and the Company is authorized to issue a corresponding number of Trust Interests. 
 Series C Preferred Shares 
 On November 20, 2019, the Trust issued Series C Preferred Shares (the "Series C Preferred Shares") with a liquidation preference of per share, and on December 2, 2019, the Trust issued of the Series C Preferred Shares which were sold pursuant to an option to purchase additional shares by the underwriters. Total proceeds from the issuance of the Series C Preferred Shares were million, or million net of underwriters' discount and issuance costs. Distributions on the Series C Preferred Shares will be payable quarterly in arrears, when and as declared by the Company's board of directors on January 30, April 30, July 30, and October 30 of each year, beginning on January 30, 2020, at a rate per annum of . Distributions on the Series C Preferred Shares are cumulative and at December 31, 2023, million of Series C distributions are accumulated and unpaid. Unless full cumulative distributions on the Series C Preferred Shares have been or contemporaneously are declared and set apart for payment of the Series C Preferred Shares for all past distribution periods, no distribution may be declared or paid for payment on the Trust common shares. The Series C Preferred Shares are not convertible into Trust common shares and have no voting rights, except in limited circumstances as provided for in the share designation for the Series C Preferred Shares. The Series C Preferred Shares may be redeemed at the Company's option, in whole or in part, at any time after January 30, 2025, at a price of per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid distributions (thereon whether authorized or declared) to, but excluding, the redemption date. Holders of Series C Preferred Shares will have no right to require the redemption of the Series C Preferred Shares and there is no maturity date. 
 If a certain tax redemption event occurs prior to January 30, 2025, the Series C Preferred Shares may be redeemed at the Company's option, in whole but not in part, upon at least days notice, within days of the occurrence of such tax redemption event, at a price of per share, plus accumulated and unpaid distributions to, but excluding, the redemption date. If a certain fundamental change related to the Series C Preferred Shares or the Company occurs (whether before, on or after January 30, 2025), the Company will be required to repurchase the Series C Preferred Shares at a price of per share, plus accumulated and unpaid distributions to, but excluding, the date of purchase. If (i) a fundamental change occurs and (ii) the Company does not give notice prior to the st day following the fundamental change to repurchase all the outstanding Series C Preferred Shares, the distribution rate per annum on the Series C Preferred Shares will increase by , beginning on the st day following such fundamental change. Notwithstanding any requirement that the Company repurchase all of the outstanding Series C Preferred Shares, the increase in the distribution rate is the sole remedy to holders in the event the Company fails to do so, and following any such increase, the Company will be under no obligation to repurchase any Series C Preferred Shares. 
 Series B Preferred Shares 
 On March 13, 2018, the Trust issued Series B Preferred Shares (the "Series B Preferred Shares") with a liquidation preference of per share, for gross proceeds of million, or million net of underwriters' discount and issuance costs. Distributions on the Series B Preferred Shares are payable quarterly in arrears, when and as declared by the Company's board of directors on January 30, April 30, July 30, and October 30 of each year, beginning on July 30, 2018, at a rate per annum of . Holders of the Series B Preferred Shares are entitled to receive cumulative cash distributions (i) from and including the date of issuance to, but excluding, April 30, 2028 at a rate equal to per annum and (ii) from and including April 30, 2028, at a floating 
 rate equal to the then applicable three-month LIBOR (or a successor rate) plus a spread of per annum. Subsequent to April 30, 2028, the distribution rate will be reset quarterly. At December 31, 2023, million of Series B distributions are accumulated and unpaid. Unless full cumulative distributions on the Series B Preferred Shares have been or contemporaneously are declared and set apart for payment of the Series B Preferred Shares for all past distribution periods, no distribution may be declared or paid for payment on the Trust common shares. The Series B Preferred Shares are not convertible into Trust common shares and have no voting rights, except in limited circumstances as provided for in the share designation for the Series B Preferred Shares. The Series B Preferred Shares may be redeemed at the Company's option, in whole or in part, at any time after April 30, 2028, at a price of per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid distributions (thereon whether authorized or 
 F-45 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

days notice, within days of the occurrence of such tax redemption event, at a price of per share, plus accumulated and unpaid distributions to, but excluding, the redemption date. If a certain fundamental change related to the Series B Preferred Shares or the Company occurs (whether before, on or after April 30, 2028), the Company will be required to repurchase the Series B Preferred Shares at a price of per share, plus accumulated and unpaid distributions to, but excluding, the date of purchase. If (i) a fundamental change occurs and (ii) the Company does not give notice prior to the st day following the fundamental change to repurchase all the outstanding Series B Preferred Shares, the distribution rate per annum on the Series B Preferred Shares will increase by , beginning on the st day following such fundamental change. Notwithstanding any requirement that the Company repurchase all of the outstanding Series B Preferred Shares, the increase in the distribution rate is the sole remedy to holders in the event the Company fails to do so, and following any such increase, the Company will be under no obligation to repurchase any Series B Preferred Shares. 
 Series A Preferred Shares 
 On June 28, 2017, the Trust issued Series A Preferred Shares (the "Series A Preferred Shares") with a liquidation preference of per share, for gross proceeds of million, or million net of underwriters' discount and issuance costs. When, and if declared by the Company's board of directors, distribution on the Series A Preferred Shares will be payable quarterly on January 30, April 30, July 30, and October 30 of each year, beginning on October 30, 2017, at a rate per annum of . Distributions on the Series A Preferred Shares are discretionary and non-cumulative. The Company has no obligation to pay distributions for a quarterly distribution period if the board of directors does not declare the distribution before the scheduled record of date for the period, whether or not distributions are paid for any subsequent distribution periods with respect to the Series A Preferred Shares, or the Trust common shares. If the Company's board of directors does not declare a distribution for the Series A Preferred Shares for a quarterly distribution period, during the remainder of that quarterly distribution period the Company cannot declare or pay distributions on the Trust common shares. The Series A Preferred Shares are not convertible into Trust common shares and have no voting rights, except in limited circumstances as provided for in the share designation for the Series A Preferred Shares. 
 The Series A Preferred Shares may be redeemed at the Company's option, in whole or in part, at any time after July 30, 2022, at a price of per share, plus declared and unpaid distribution to, but excluding, the redemption date, without payment of any undeclared distributions. Holders of Series A Preferred Shares will have no right to require the redemption of the Series A Preferred Shares and there is no maturity date. 
 If a certain tax redemption event occurs prior to July 30, 2022, the Series A Preferred Shares may be redeemed at the Company's option, in whole but not in part, upon at least days notice, within days of the occurrence of such tax redemption event, at a price of per share, plus declared and unpaid distributions to, but excluding, the redemption date, without payment of any undeclared distributions. If a certain fundamental change related to the Series A Preferred Shares or the Company occurs (whether before, on or after July 30, 2022), the Company will be required to repurchase the Series A Preferred Shares at a price of per share, plus declared and unpaid distributions to, but excluding, the date of purchase, without payment of any undeclared distributions. If (i) a fundamental change occurs and (ii) the Company does not give notice prior to the st day following the fundamental change to repurchase all the outstanding Series A Preferred Shares, the distribution rate per annum on the Series A Preferred Shares will increase by , beginning on the 31st day following such fundamental change. Notwithstanding any requirement that the Company repurchase all of the outstanding Series A Preferred Shares, the increase in the distribution rate is the sole remedy to holders in the event the Company fails to do so, and following any such increase, the Company will be under no obligation to repurchase any Series A Preferred Shares. 
 Allocation Interests 
 The Allocation Interests represent the original equity interest in the Company. The holders of the Allocation Interests Holders ), through Sostratus LLC, are entitled to receive distributions pursuant to a profit allocation formula upon the occurrence of certain events. The distributions of the profit allocation is paid upon the occurrence of the sale of a material amount of capital stock or assets of one of the Company s businesses Sale Event or, at the option of the Holders, at each five year anniversary date of the acquisition of one of the Company s businesses Holding Event ). 
 F-46 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million paid to the Holders of the Allocation Interests in the second quarter of 2023 (refer to Note D - "Discontinued Operations" ). 
 The Company's board of directors approved a distribution of million paid to the Holders of the Allocation Interests related to various sale proceeds received related to previous Sale Events. These distributions were in the second quarter of 2023. 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 The fifteen-year anniversary of the acquisition of ACI occurred in May 2021 which represented a Holding Event. The Company declared and paid a distribution to the Holders of the Allocation Interests of million in the third quarter of 2021. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company declared and paid a distribution to the paid to the Holders of the Allocation Interests of million related to the sale of Liberty (refer to Note D - "Discontinued Operations" ). 
 Reconciliation of net income (loss) available to common shares of Holdings 
 The following table reconciles net income from continuing operations attributable to Holdings to net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to the common shares of Holdings: 
 Year ended December 31, in thousands 
 2023 2022 2021 Net income from continuing operations attributable to Holdings ) ) Less: Distributions paid - Allocation Interests Less: Distributions paid - Preferred Shares Less: Accrued distributions - Preferred Shares Net loss from continuing operations attributable to common shares of Holdings ) ) ) 
 Earnings per share) ) ) Less: Effect of contribution based profit Holding Event Loss from continuing operations attributable to common shares ) ) ) 
 F-47 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Less: Effect of contribution based profit Income from discontinued operations of Holdings attributable to common shares Basic and diluted weighted average common shares of Holdings outstanding Basic and fully diluted income (loss) per common share attributable to Holdings Continuing operations ) ) ) Discontinued operations ) 
 Distributions 
 The following table summarizes information related to our quarterly cash distributions on our Trust common and preferred shares: 
 Period Cash Distribution per Share Total Cash Distributions Record Date Payment Date (in thousands) Trust Common Shares: October 1, 2023 - December 31, 2023 (1) 
 January 18, 2024 January 25, 2024 July 1, 2023 - September 30, 2023 October 19, 2023 October 26, 2023 April 1, 2023 - June 30, 2023 July 20, 2023 July 27, 2023 January 1, 2023 - March 31, 2023 April 20, 2023 April 27, 2023 October 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 January 19, 2023 January 26, 2023 July 1, 2022 - September 30, 2022 October 20, 2022 October 27, 2022 April 1, 2022 - June 30, 2022 July 21, 2022 July 28, 2022 January 1, 2022 - March 31, 2022 April 21, 2022 April 28, 2022 October 1, 2021 - December 31, 2021 January 13, 2022 January 20, 2022 July 1, 2021 - September 30, 2021 October 15, 2021 October 22, 2021 August 3, 2021 (2) 
 August 31, 2021 September 7, 2021 April 1, 2021 - June 30, 2021 July 15, 2021 July 22, 2021 January 1, 2021 - March 31, 2021 April 15, 2021 April 22, 2021 Series A Preferred Shares: October 30, 2023 - January 29, 2024 (1) 
 January 15, 2024 January 30, 2024 July 30, 2023 - October 29, 2023 October 15, 2023 October 30, 2023 April 30, 2023 - July 29, 2023 July 15, 2023 July 30, 2023 January 30, 2023 - April 29, 2023 April 15, 2023 April 30, 2023 October 30, 2022 - January 29, 2023 January 15, 2023 January 30, 2023 July 30, 2022 - October 29, 2022 October 15, 2022 October 30, 2022 April 30, 2022 - July 29, 2022 July 15, 2022 July 30, 2022 January 30, 2022 - April 29, 2022 April 15, 2022 April 30, 2022 October 30, 2021 - January 29, 2022 January 15, 2022 January 30, 2022 July 30, 2021 - October 29, 2021 October 15, 2021 October 30, 2021 April 30, 2021 - July 29, 2021 July 15, 2021 July 30, 2021 
 F-48 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

April 15, 2021 April 30, 2021 Series B Preferred Shares: October 30, 2023 - January 29, 2024 (1) 
 January 15, 2024 January 30, 2024 July 30, 2023 - October 29, 2023 October 15, 2023 October 30, 2023 April 30, 2023 - July 29, 2023 July 15, 2023 July 30, 2023 January 30, 2023 - April 29, 2023 April 15, 2023 April 30, 2023 October 30, 2022 - January 29, 2023 January 15, 2023 January 30, 2023 July 30, 2022 - October 29, 2022 October 15, 2022 October 30, 2022 April 30, 2022 - July 29, 2022 July 15, 2022 July 30, 2022 January 30, 2022 - April 29, 2022 April 15, 2022 April 30, 2022 October 30, 2021 - January 29, 2022 January 15, 2022 January 30, 2022 July 30, 2021 - October 29, 2021 October 15, 2021 October 30, 2021 April 30, 2021 - July 29, 2021 July 15, 2021 July 30, 2021 January 30, 2021 - April 29, 2021 April 15, 2021 April 30, 2021 Series C Preferred Shares: October 30, 2023 - January 29, 2024 (1) 
 January 15, 2024 January 30, 2024 July 30, 2023 - October 29, 2023 October 15, 2023 October 30, 2023 April 30, 2023 - July 29, 2023 July 15, 2023 July 30, 2023 January 30, 2023 - April 29, 2023 April 15, 2023 April 30, 2023 October 30, 2022 - January 29, 2023 January 15, 2023 January 30, 2023 July 30, 2022 - October 29, 2022 October 15, 2022 October 30, 2022 April 30, 2022 - July 29, 2022 July 15, 2022 July 30, 2022 January 30, 2022 - April 29, 2022 April 15, 2022 April 30, 2022 October 30, 2021 - January 29, 2022 January 15, 2022 January 30, 2022 July 30, 2021 - October 29, 2021 October 15, 2021 October 30, 2021 April 30, 2021 - July 29, 2021 July 15, 2021 July 30, 2021 January 30, 2021 - April 29, 2021 April 15, 2021 April 30, 2021 
 (1) This distribution was declared on January 4, 2024. 
 (2) On August 3, 2021, in order to offset a portion of the tax liability to the shareholders as a result of the election to cause the Trust to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company's Board of Directors declared a special cash distribution on the Trust s common shares. A distribution of million was made on August 31, 2021 to Trust common shareholders. The Company declared a distribution of per share for the quarter ended December 31, 2021, which was reduced from per share in prior periods to reflect the effect of the Trust being taxed as a corporation. 
 
 Note L) Foreign subsidiaries ) 
 F-49 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

State Foreign Total current taxes Deferred taxes: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) Total deferred taxes ) ) ) Total tax provision 
 Accounts receivable and allowances Net operating loss carryforwards Accrued expenses Interest expense limitation carryforwards Lease liabilities Inventory Stock based compensation Capitalized research development expenses Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance (1) 
 ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets ) ) Property and equipment ) ) Repatriation of foreign earnings ) ) Prepaid and other expenses ) ) Right of use assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax liability ) ) 

For the years ending December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized approximately million and million, respectively in deferred tax liabilities. A significant portion of the balance in deferred tax liabilities reflects temporary differences in the basis of property and equipment and intangible assets related to the 
 F-50 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million, respectively. Approximately million of the these carryforwards will expire, if not utilized, beginning in 2036. The remaining balance of the Company's U.S. Federal net operating loss carryforwards do not expire and are subject to utilization limitations based on a percentage of taxable income in a given year. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for state income tax purposes of million and million, respectively. The Company s state net operating loss carryforwards will expire, if not utilized, beginning in 2023. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of million and million, respectively. The foreign net operating loss carryforwards will expire, if not utilized, beginning in 2023. 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively. The research and development tax credit carryforwards will expire beginning in 2036 if not utilized. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had foreign tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively. The foreign tax credit carryforwards will expire beginning in 2031 if not utilized. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had state tax credit carryforwards, consisting mostly of California business tax credits of million and million, respectively. The California business tax credit carryforwards will expire, if not utilized, beginning in 2024. 
 A valuation allowance relating to the realization of domestic and foreign net operating losses, domestic and foreign tax credits and the limitation on the deduction of interest expense of million was provided at December 31, 2023 and a valuation allowance related to the realization of domestic and foreign net operating losses, domestic and foreign tax credits and the limitation on the deduction of interest expense of million was provided at December 31, 2022. A valuation allowance is provided whenever it is more likely than not that some or all of deferred assets recorded may not be realized. 
 State income taxes (net of Federal benefits) ) Foreign income taxes ) Expenses of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC representing a pass through to shareholders (1) 
 Impact of subsidiary employee stock options ) Non-deductible acquisition costs Impairment expense ) Non-recognition of various carryforwards at subsidiaries ) United States tax on foreign income ) ) Dividend (net of dividend received deduction) ) Utilization of tax credits ) ) Effect of classification of assets held for sale ) Other ) Effective income tax rate ) 
 
 F-51 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Additions for current years tax positions Additions for prior years tax positions Reductions for prior years tax positions ) Reductions for expiration of statute of limitations ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Additions for current years tax positions Additions for prior years tax positions Reductions for prior years' tax positions ) Reductions for expiration of statute of limitations ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Additions for current years tax positions Additions for prior years tax positions Reductions for prior years' tax positions ) Reductions for expiration of statute of limitations ) Balance at December 31, 2023 
 Included in the unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2023 and 2022 is million and million, respectively, of tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the Company s effective tax rate. Also included in the unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2023 i s million of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would not affect the Company's effective tax rate but would result in an adjustment to discontinued operations in future periods. The million in unrecognized tax benefits is recorded as a reduction to the gain on sale related to the sale of our ACI and Marucci subsidiaries in the year ended December 31, 2023. If recognized, the tax benefit would result in additional gain on sale in discontinued operations. 
 The Company accrues interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. The amounts accrued at December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 are not material to the Company. Such amounts are included in the provision (benefit) for income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. It is expected that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change in the next twelve months. However, we do not expect the change to have a significant impact on the consolidated results of operations or financial position. 
 Each of the Company s businesses file U.S. Federal, state and foreign income tax returns in multiple jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. The 2018 through 2023 tax years generally remain subject to examinations by the taxing authorities. 
 
 Note M) ) Contingent consideration - acquisition (2) 
 ) ) Total recorded at fair value ) ) 
 F-52 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 ) Termination of put option of noncontrolling shareholder- 5.11 Contingent consideration - King's Camo ) Adjustment to contingent consideration - King's Camo Payment of contingent consideration - Polyfoam Payment of contingent consideration - Kings's Camo Increase in the fair value of put option of noncontrolling shareholder - 5.11 Balance at December 31st ) 
 Valuation Techniques 
 Options of noncontrolling shareholders 
 The put option of noncontrolling shareholders was determined based on inputs that were not readily available in public markets or able to be derived from information available in publicly quoted markets. As such, the Company categorized the put option of the noncontrolling shareholders as Level 3. The primary inputs associated with this valuation were earnings before interest, taxes amortization and depreciation times a multiple established in the shareholder put option agreement, which was used to determine a per share equity value for the shares that could be put back to the Company. The put option was terminated during the period ended March 31, 2023. 
 Contingent Consideration 
 For certain acquisition of businesses that the Company or its subsidiaries make, a portion of the acquisition price w ill be contingent consideration. The following is a summary of the contingent consideration arrangements entered into by the Company's subsidiaries in the prior three years and the valuation methodologies: 
 Velocity entered into a contingent consideration arrangement in connection with their purchase of King's Camo in J uly 2022. The purchase price of King's Camo included a potential earn-out of million if King's Camo achieved certain financial metrics. The contingent consideration was valued at million using probability weighted models. The earnout was reduced to million at December 31, 2022 based on the expected payout amount. The payment of the earn-out occurred in April 2023. 
 Altor Solutions entered into a contingent consideration arrangement in connection with their purchase of Polyfoam in July 2020. The purchase price of Polyfoam included a potential earn-out of million if Polyfoam achieved certain financial metrics. The payment of the earn-out occurred on March 31, 2022. 
 Senior Notes 
 The Company's Senior Notes consisted of the following carrying value and estimated fair value (in thousands): 
 Fair Value Hierarchy Level December 31, 2023 Maturity Date Rate Carrying Value Fair Value 2032 Senior Notes January 15, 2032 2 2029 Senior Notes April 15, 2029 2 
 F-53 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, which approximates fair value because it bears interest at a variable interest rate that reflects changes in interest rates and changes in the Company's net leverage ratio. The estimated fair value of the outstanding 2022 Term Loan is classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 
 Goodwill - PrimaLoft 
 Expense Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2022 Year ended (in thousands) Carrying Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 December 31, 2022 Goodwill - Ergo 
 
 Note N 
 BOA Ergobaby Lugano PrimaLoft N/a N/a Velocity Altor Arnold Sterno 
 
 (1) 
 
 F-54 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

BOA Ergobaby Lugano PrimaLoft Velocity Altor Arnold Sterno Allocation Interests 

Note O 
 Accrued taxes Income taxes payable Accrued interest Accrued rebates and discounts Warranty payable Accrued inventory Deferred revenue Other accrued expenses Total 
 Warranty liability Year ended December 31, 2023 2022 Beginning balance Accrual Warranty payments ) ) Ending balance 
 F-55 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 ) Loss on sale of capital assets ) ) ) Sublease income Other income (expense) ) ) ) 
 Taxes paid 
 Investments 
 Arnold Joint Venture 
 Arnold is a partner in a China rare earth mine-to-magnet joint venture. Arnold accounts for its activity in the joint venture utilizing the equity method of accounting. Gains and losses from the joint venture were not material for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 Altor Solutions 
 In September 2020, Altor invested million in Rational Packaging, LLC, a designer and manufacturer of recyclable, paperboard-based structural packaging components. The investment will be accounted for as an equity method investment. Gains and losses from the investment were not material for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Note P 
 F-56 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: Interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 The Company s rent expense for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 totaled million, million and million, respectively. 
 The calculated amount of the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities in the table above are impacted by the length of the lease term and discount rate used to present value the minimum lease payments. The Company's lease agreements often include one or more options to renew at the company's discretion. In general, it is not reasonably certain that lease renewals will be exercised at lease commencement and therefore lease renewals are not included in the lease term. As the discount rate is rarely determinable, the Company utilizes the incremental borrowing rate of the subsidiary entering into the lease arrangement, on a collateralized basis, over a similar term as adjusted for any country specific risk. 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases 
 F-57 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note Q 
 of the LLC s adjusted net assets, as defined in the MSA. The management fee is required to be paid prior to the payment of any distributions to shareholders. 
 Pursuant to the MSA, CGM is entitled to enter into off-setting management service agreements with each of the operating segments. The amount of the fee is negotiated between CGM and the operating management of each segment and is based upon the value of the services to be provided. The fees paid directly to CGM by the segments offset on a dollar for dollar basis the amount due CGM by the LLC under the MSA. 
 At December 31, 2023, CGM entered into a waiver to exclude cash balances held at the LLC from the calculation of the management fee. 
 During 2022, CGM entered into a waiver of the MSA for the period through June 30, 2023 to receive a annual management fee related to PrimaLoft, rather than the called for under the MSA, which resulted in a lower management fee than would normally have been due. At March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022, CGM entered into a waiver to exclude cash balances held at the LLC from the calculation of the management fee. 
 During 2021, CGM entered into a waiver of the MSA for a period through December 31, 2021 to receive a annual management fee related to BOA, rather than the called for under the MSA, which resulted in a lower management fee paid during 2021 than would have normally been due. In the first quarter of 2021, the LLC and CGM entered into a waiver agreement whereby CGM agreed to waive the portion of the management fee related to the amount of the proceeds deposited with the Trustee that was in excess of the amount payable related to the 2026 Senior Notes at March 31, 2021. Additionally, CGM entered into a waiver of the MSA at December 31, 2021 to exclude the cash balances held at the LLC from the calculation of the management fee. 
 The LLC paid CGM million in the year ended December 31, 2021, representing the management fee due from Arnold for the first three quarters of 2021. At December 31, 2021, Arnold reimbursed the LLC for the management fee paid on their behalf. 
 F-58 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

BOA Ergobaby Lugano PrimaLoft N/a Velocity Altor Solutions Arnold Sterno Corporate 
 Approximately million and million of the management fees incurred were unpaid as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and are reflected in "Due to related party" on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 LLC Agreement 
 The LLC agreement gives Holders the right to distributions pursuant to a profit allocation formula upon the occurrence of a Sale Event or a Holding Event. The Holders are entitled to receive and as such can elect to receive the positive contribution-based profit allocation payment for each of the business acquisitions during the -day period following the fifth anniversary of the date upon which we acquired a controlling interest in that business (Holding Event) and upon the sale of the business (Sale Event). Holders received million and million in distributions related to Sale and Holding Events that occurred during 2023 and 2021, respectively. There were no profit allocation payments during the year ended December 31, 2022. Refer to " Note K - Stockholders' Equity " for a description of the profit allocation payments. 
 Certain persons who are employees and partners of the Manager, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer, beneficially own (through Sostratus LLC) of the Allocation Interests at December 31, 2023 and at December 31, 2022. Of the remaining at December 31, 2023 and at December 31, 2022, is held by CGI Diversified Holdings LP, is held by a former director on the Company s Board of Directors, and the remaining percentage of Allocation Interests are held by the former founding partners of the Manager. 
 Integration Services Agreements 
 Integration services represent fees paid by newly acquired companies to the Manager for integration services performed during the first year of ownership. Under the Integration Services Agreement ("ISA"), CGM provides services for new platform acquisitions to, amongst other things, assist the management at the acquired entities in establishing a corporate governance program, implement compliance and reporting requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and align the acquired entity's policies and procedures with our other subsidiaries. 
 PrimaLoft, which was acquired in July 2022, entered into an ISA with CGM whereby PrimaLoft will pay CGM a total integration services fee of million, payable quarterly over a twelve-month period ended June 30, 2023. 
 Lugano, which was acquired in September 2021, entered into an ISA with CGM whereby Lugano paid CGM a total integration services fee of million, payable quarterly over a twelve month period as services are rendered, beginning in the quarter ended December 31, 2021. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, CGM received million, million, and million, respectively, in total integration service fees. Integration service fees are included in selling, general and administrative expense on the subsidiaries' statement of operations in the period in which they are incurred. 
 F-59 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, million, and million, principally for occupancy and staffing costs incurred by CGM on the Company s behalf during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company and its businesses have the following significant related party transactions : 
 5.11 
 Recapitalization - In August 2021, the Company completed a recapitalization of 5.11 whereby the LLC entered into an amendment to the intercompany credit agreement with 5.11 (the "5.11 Credit Agreement"). The 5.11 Credit Agreement was amended to provide for additional term loan borrowings of million to fund a distribution to shareholders. The LLC owned of the outstanding shares of 5.11 on the date of the distribution and received million. The remaining amount of the distribution went to minority shareholders. 
 Related Party Vendor Purchases - 5.11 purchases inventory from a vendor who is a related party to 5.11 through of the executive officers of 5.11 via the executive's ownership interest in the vendor. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, 5.11 purchased approximately million, million, and million, respectively, in inventory from the vendor. 
 BOA 
 Recapitalization - In December 2023, the Company completed a recapitalization of BOA whereby the LLC entered into an amendment to the intercompany credit agreement with BOA (the "BOA Credit Agreement"). The BOA Credit Agreement was amended to provide for additional term loan borrowings of million to fund a distribution to shareholders. The LLC received a distribution of million related to their ownership of the outstanding shares of BOA on the date of the distribution. Noncontrolling shareholders received a distribution of million, and the remaining amount of the recapitalization was used to repurchase shares owned by employees after the exercise of fully vested employee stock options, and to pay a bonus to employees who held phantom stock options and were not eligible to participate in the distribution to noncontrolling shareholders. BOA recorded compensation expense of million related to the bonus paid to employees as part of the recapitalization. 
 Repurchase of Noncontrolling Interest - In September 2021, BOA repurchased shares of its issued and outstanding common shares from its largest minority shareholder for a total payment of million, which BOA financed by borrowing under the BOA Credit Agreement. The BOA Credit Agreement was amended to (i) provide for additional term loan borrowings of million, and (ii) consent to the repurchase of the shares from the minority shareholder. The transaction was accounted for in accordance with ASC 810 - Consolidation, whereby the carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest was adjusted to reflect the change in the ownership interest in BOA that occurred as a result of the share repurchase. The difference between the fair value of the consideration paid of million and the amount by which the noncontrolling interest was adjusted of million was recognized in equity attributable to the LLC. 
 Related Party Vendor Purchases - A contract manufacturer used by BOA as the primary supplier of molded injection parts is a noncontrolling shareholder of BOA. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 and 2021, BOA purchased approximate ly million, million and million, respectively, from this supplier. 
 Ergobaby 
 Recapitalization - In February 2022, the Company completed a recapitalization of Ergobaby whereby the LLC entered into an amendment to the intercompany credit agreement with Ergobaby (the "Ergo Credit Agreement"). The Ergo Credit Agreement was amended to provide for additional loan borrowings of million to fund a distribution to shareholders. The LLC owned of the outstanding shares of Ergobaby on the date of the distribution and received million. The remaining amount of the distribution was paid to minority shareholders. 
 
 Note R 
 F-60 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Gross profit Operating income (loss) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) ) Income from discontinued operations ) Gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax Net income (loss) attributable to Holdings ) Basic and fully diluted income (loss) per share attributable to Holdings: Continuing operations ) ) ) ) Discontinued operations Basic and fully diluted income (loss) per share attributable to Holdings ) ) 
 (1) The Company sold its ACI operating segment in the first quarter of 2023, recording a gain on sale of million, net of an income tax provision of million. The Company recorded an additional gain on sale of million in the second quarter of 2023 related to the working capital settlement, and in the third quarter of 2023 adjusted the income tax provision to million, reflecting the loss at the LLC during the year ended December 31, 2023. All prior periods are presented as discontinued operations. 
 (2) The Company recorded goodwill impairment of million in the third quarter of 2023 and million in the fourth quarter of 2023. Refer to " Note H - Goodwill and Intangible Assets " for further description. 
 (3) The Company sold its Marucci operating segment in the fourth quarter of 2023, recording a pre-tax gain on sale of million. We recorded an income tax provision related to the gain on sale of both Marucci and ACI of million, which includes a uncertain tax position reserve of million. Refer to Note L - Income Taxes for a description of the reserve. All prior periods are presented as discontinued operations. 
 (in thousands) December 31, 2022 (1)(2) 
 September 30, 2022 (1) 
 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 
 Total revenues Gross profit Operating income Income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) Income from discontinued operations Gain (loss) on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax ) Net income (loss) attributable to Holdings ) ) Basic and fully diluted income (loss) per share attributable to Holdings: Continuing operations ) ) ) Discontinued operations Basic and fully diluted income (loss) per share attributable to Holdings ) ) 
 F-61 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million in the fourth quarter of 2022 related to the Ergobaby operating segment. 
 
 N 
 million, before working capital and certain other adjustments, at the Closing (the THP Purchase Price ). The Company funded the THP Purchase Price with cash on hand. Certain minority equity holders of THP executed agreements pursuant to which they contributed a portion of their THP equity (the Rollover Equity to THP Topco in exchange for THP Topco common stock. THP Topco contributed the Rollover Equity to THP Buyer. Certain other members of The Honey Pot Co. management team also contributed cash in exchange for equity in THP Topco. The Company directly owns approximately of THP Topco, which in turn indirectly owns all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of THP and The Honey Pot Co. Concurrent with the Closing, the Company provided a credit facility to THP Buyer, THP and The Honey Pot Co., as borrowers (the THP Credit Agreement ), pursuant to which a secured revolving loan commitment and secured term loans were made available to Buyer, THP and The Honey Pot Co. (collectively, the Borrowers ). The initial amount outstanding under these facilities on the Closing Date was approxima tely million. The Company expects to complete the preliminary purchase price allocation during the first quarter of 2024 and will allocate excess purchase price fair value to intangible assets and inventory, with the remaining excess of consideration transferred over net assets acquired allocated to goodwill. 
 The Honey Pot Company Co. is a leading better-for-you feminine care brand that offers an extensive range of holistic wellness products across feminine hygiene, menstrual, consumer health, and sexual wellness categories. The Honey Pot Co. s mission is to educate, support, and provide consumers around the world with the tools and resources that promote menstrual health and vaginal wellness. 
 Allocation Interests - Payment of Marucci Distribution to Holders 
 The sale of Marucci in November 2023 represented a Sale Event and the Company's board of director's approved a distribution of million in the f irst quarter of 2024 (refer to Note D - "Discontinued Operations" ). This distribution was paid to the Holders of the Allocation Interests in the first quarter of 2024. 
 F-62 

SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 
 ) Sales allowance accounts - 2022 Sales allowance accounts - 2021 ) Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets - 2023 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets - 2022 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets - 2021 
 
 (1) Represents opening allowance balances related to acquisitions made during the period indicated. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2021, certain sales allowance accounts were reclassified to accrued expenses. 
 
 S-1 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Stock and Note Purchase Agreement dated as of July 31, 2006, among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Group Investments, Inc. and Compass Medical Mattress Partners, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2006 (File No. 000-51937)). 
 2.2 Stock Purchase Agreement dated June 24, 2008, among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC and the other shareholders party thereto, Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as Sellers Representative, Aeroglide Holdings, Inc. and B hler AG (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on June 26, 2008 (File No. 000-51937)). 
 2.3 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated October 17, 2011, by and among Recruit Co., LTD. and RGF Staffing USA, Inc., as Buyers, the shareholders of Staffmark Holdings, Inc., as Sellers, Staffmark Holdings, Inc. and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC as Seller Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2011 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 2.4 Stock Purchase Agreement dated May 1, 2012, among Candlelight Investment Holdings, Inc., Halo Holding Corporation, Halo Lee Wayne, LLC and each of the holders of equity interests of Halo Lee Wayne, LLC listed on Exhibit A thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2012(File No. 001-34927)). 
 2.5 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated May 8, 2019, by and among (i) Calrissian Holdings, LLC; (ii) CEHI Acquisition Corporation; (iii) Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC; (iv) each Stockholder and Optionholder of the Company; and (v) solely for the purposes of Section 9(r) thereof, Harsco Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2019 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 2.6 Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Group Investments, Inc., Compass CS Partners, L.P., Compass CS II Partners, L.P., Compass Crosman Partners, L.P., Compass Advanced Partners, L.P. and Compass Silvue Partners, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form S-1 filed on April 13, 2006 (File No. 333-130326)). 
 2.7 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated July 16, 2021, by and among (i) Liberty Safe Holding Corporation; (ii) Independence Buyer, Inc.; (iii); Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as the Sellers Representative; and (iv) each Stockholder and Optionholder of Liberty Safe Holding Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 2.8 Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated August 3, 2021, by and among Independence Buyer, Inc. and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as the Sellers Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2021 (File No. 001-34927 and Accession No. 0001345126-21-000031)). 
 2.9 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 13, 2021, by and among (i) Tempo Automation, Inc.; (ii) Aspen Acquisition Sub, Inc.; (iii) Compass AC Holdings, Inc.; and (iv) Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as the Sellers Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on October 14, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 2.10 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 10, 2023, by and among (i) APCT Inc.; (ii) Circuit Merger Sub, Inc.; (iii) Compass AC Holdings, Inc.; and (iv) Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as the Equityholders Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on January 11, 2023 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 2.11 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 1, 2023, by and among (i) Fox Factory, Inc; (ii) Marucci Merger Sub, Inc.; (iii) Wheelhouse Holdings Inc.; and (iv) Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as the Equityholders Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2023 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.1 Certificate of Trust of Compass Diversified Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form S-1 filed on December 14, 2005 (File No. 333-130326)). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Trust of Compass Diversified Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2007 (File No. 000-51937)). 
 3.3 Certificate of Formation of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Form S-1 filed on December 14, 2005 (File No. 333-130326)). 
 3.4 Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of Compass Diversified Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 of the Amendment No. 4 to the Form S-1 filed on April 26, 2006 (File No. 333-130326)). 
 3.5 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of April 25, 2006, of Compass Diversified Trust among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as Sponsor, The Bank of New York (Delaware), as Delaware Trustee, and the Regular Trustees named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 8-K filed on May 29, 2007 (File No. 000-51937)). 
 3.6 Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of April 25, 2006, as amended on May 23, 2007, of Compass Diversified Trust among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as Sponsor, The Bank of New York (Delaware), as Delaware Trustee, and the Regular Trustees named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2007 (File No. 000-51937)). 
 3.7 Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement dated as of April 25, 2006, as amended on May 25, 2007 and September 14, 2007, of Compass Diversified Holdings among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as Sponsor, The Bank of New York (Delaware), as Delaware Trustee, and the Regular Trustees named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2007 (File No. 000-51937)). 
 
 E-1 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit Number Description 3.8 Fourth Amendment dated as of November 1, 2010 to the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, as amended effective November 1, 2010, of Compass Diversified Holdings, originally effective as of April 25, 2006, by and among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, as Sponsor, The Bank of New York (Delaware), as Delaware Trustee, and the Regular Trustees named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2010 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.9 Second Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of the Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2016 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.10 Third Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of the Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.11 Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Compass Group Diversified Holdings, LLC dated January 9, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2007 (File No. 000-51937)). 
 3.12 Third Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC dated November 1, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2010 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.13 Fourth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, dated January 1, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2013 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.14 Fifth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2016 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.15 Sixth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.16 First Amendment to the Sixth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2022 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.17 Amended and Restated Share Designation of Compass Diversified Holdings with respect to Series A Preferred Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.18 Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC Trust Interest Designation of Series A Trust Preferred Interests (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2017 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.19 Amended and Restated Share Designation of Compass Diversified Holdings with respect to Series B Preferred Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.20 Trust Interest Designation of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC with respect to Series B Trust Preferred Interests (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2018 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.21 Amended and Restated Share Designation of Compass Diversified Holdings with respect to Series C Preferred Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 3.22 Trust Interest Designation of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC with respect to Series C Trust Preferred Interests (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2019 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 4.1 Specimen Certificate evidencing a share of trust of Compass Diversified Holdings (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)) 
 4.2 Specimen LLC Interest Certificate evidencing an interest of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)) 
 4.3 Form of 7.250 Series A Preferred Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of Exhibit 3.3 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 4.4 Form of 7.875 Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Preferred Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of Exhibit 3.4 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 4.5 Form of 7.875 Series C Cumulative Preferred Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of Exhibit 3.5 of the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 4.6 Indenture between Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, dated as of March 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2021 (File No. 000-34927)). 
 4.7 Indenture between Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, dated as of November 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2021 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 4.8 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 of the Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2022 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 10.1 Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Diversified Trust and Certain Shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Amendment No. 5 to the Form S-1 filed on May 5, 2006 (File No. 333-130326)). 
 10.2 Form of Supplemental Put Agreement by and between Compass Group Management LLC and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Amendment No. 4 to the Form S-1 filed on April 26, 2006 (File No. 333-130326)). 
 10.3 Form of Share Purchase Agreement by and between Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Diversified Trust and CGI Diversified Holdings, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Amendment No. 5 to the Form S-1 filed on May 5, 2006 (File No. 333-130326)). 
 10.4 Form of Share Purchase Agreement by and between Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Diversified Trust and Pharos I LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Amendment No. 5 to the Form S-1 filed on May 5, 2006 (File No. 333-130326)). 
 
 E-2 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit Number Description 10.5 Registration Rights Agreement by and among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Diversified Trust and CGI Diversified Holdings, LP, dated as of April 3, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Amendment No. 1 to the Form S-1 filed on April 20, 2007 (File No. 333-141856)). 
 10.6 Share Purchase Agreement by and between Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Diversified Trust and CGI Diversified Holdings, LP, dated as of April 3, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Amendment No. 1 to the Form S-1 filed on April 20, 2007 (File No. 333-141856)). 
 10.7 Subscription Agreement dated August 24, 2011, by and among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Diversified Holdings and CGI Magyar Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2011(File No. 001-34927)). 
 10.8 Registration Rights Agreement dated August 24, 2011, by and among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Diversified Holdings and CGI Magyar Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2011(File No. 001-34927)). 
 10.9 Sixth Amended and Restated Management Service Agreement by and between Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, and Compass Group Management LLC, dated as of September 30, 2014 and originally effective as of May 16, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2014 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 10.10 Employment Agreement dated July 11, 2013, between Compass Group Management LLC and Ryan J. Faulkingham (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed on July 11, 2013 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 10.11 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, the financial institutions party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., dated as of July 12, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed on July 13, 2022 (File No. 001-34927). 
 10.12 Subscription Agreement, dated December 15, 2023, by and among Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, Compass Diversified Holdings and Allspring Special Small Cap Value Fund (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2023 (File No. 001-34927). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm with respect to the Registrant's consolidated financial statements 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Registrant 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Registrant 
 32.1 + 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Registrant 
 32.2 + 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Registrant 
 97.1 Policy relating to recovery of erroneously awarded compensation, as required by applicable listing standards adopted pursuant to 17 CFR 240.10D-1 
 99.1 Stock Purchase Agreement dated March 31, 2010 by and among Gable 5, Inc., Liberty Safe and Security Products, LLC and Liberty Safe Holding Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2010 (File No. 000-51937)). 
 99.2 Stock Purchase Agreement dated September 16, 2010, by and among ERGO Baby Intermediate Holding Corporation, The ERGO Baby Carrier, Inc., Karin A. Frost, in her individual capacity and as Trustee of the Revocable Trust of Karin A. Frost dated February 22, 2008 and as Trustee of the Karin A. Frost 2009 Qualified Annuity Trust u/a/d 12/21/2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed on September 17, 2010 (File No. 000-51937)). 
 99.3 Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of March 5, 2012, by and among Arnold Magnetic Technologies Holdings Corporation, Arnold Magnetic Technologies, LLC and AMT Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2012 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 99.4 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of October 10, 2014, by and among Candle Lamp Holdings, LLC, Candle Lamp Company, LLC and Sternocandlelamp Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed October 14, 2014 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 99.5 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 29, 2016, by and among 5.11 ABR Corp., 5.11 ABR Merger Corp., 5.11 Acquisition Corp., TA Associates Management, L.P., as the agent and attorney in fact of the holders of stock and options in 5.11 Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2016 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 99.6 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated June 2, 2017, by and among Bullseye Holding Company LLC, Bullseye Acquisition Corporation, CBCP Acquisition Corp. and Wellspring Capital Partners IV, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2017 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 99.7 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated January 18, 2018, between Warren F. Florkiewicz and FFI Compass, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed on January 18, 2018 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 99.8 Arrangement Agreement, dated February 19, 2019, by and among FHF Holdings Ltd.; 1197879 B.C. Ltd.; Tilray, Inc.; Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC and each Shareholder that is, or is made pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, a party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed on February 20, 2019 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 99.9 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 6, 2020, among Marucci Sports, LLC, Wheelhouse Holdings, Inc., Wheelhouse Holdings Merger Sub LLC and Wheelhouse 2020 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2020 (File No. 001-34927)) 
 
 E-3 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit Number Description 99.10 Agreement and Plan of Merger, among Reel Holding Corp., BOA Parent Inc., BOA Merger Sub Inc. and Shareholder Representative Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2020 (File No. 001-34927)) 
 99.11 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 16, 2020, among Reel Holding Corp., BOA Parent Inc., BOA Merger Sub Inc. and Shareholder Representative Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2020 (File No. 001-34927)) 
 99.12 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated September 3, 2021, between Lugano Buyer Inc., Mordechai Haim Ferder, as trustee of The Haim Family Trust dated 2/24/2009, Edit Fintzi Ferder, as trustee of The RF 2021 Irrevocable Trust dated 8/30/2021, Mordechai Haim Ferder, as trustee of The TF 2021 Irrevocable Trust dated 8/30/2021, Simba IL Holdings, LLC and Mordechai Haim Ferder in his individual capacity and as initial representative of the Sellers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2021 (File No. 001-34927 and Accession No. 0001345126-21-000039)). 
 99.13 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated June 4, 2022, between VP PrimaLoft Holdings, LLC and Relentless Intermediate, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2022 (File No. 001-34927)). 
 99.14 Merger and Stock Purchase Agreement, dated January 14, 2024, by and among The Honey Pot Company Holdings, LLC, VMG Honey Pot Blocker, Inc., NVB1, Inc., VMG Tax-Exempt IV, L.P., New Voices Fund, LP, THP Intermediate, Inc., THP Merger Sub, LLC, the Sellers Representative and certain other equity holders of THP. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover page formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 
 Filed or furnished herewith. Denotes management contracts and compensatory plans or arrangements. + In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34-47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Certification of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, the certifications furnished in Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Form 10-K and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 
 E-4 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 a12312023ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 List of Subsidiaries at February 26, 2024 State or Country of Organization 5.11 ABR Corp. Delaware 5.11 Acquisition Corp. Delaware 5.11 TA, Inc. Delaware 5.11, Inc. California 5.11 International A.B. Sweden 5.11 Tactical de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico 5.11 Panama S. de R.L Panama AlphaOne Holdings Ltd. British Virgin Islands 5.11 Sourcing, Limited Hong Kong Invigour8 Global Service Company Limited Hong Kong Beyond Clothing, LLC Delaware 5.11 Do Brasil Comercio Ltda. Brazil 5.11 Germany GmbH Germany 5.11 Australia Pty Ltd. Australia AMTAC Holdings, LLC Delaware AMT Acquisition Corp. Delaware Arnold Magnetic Technologies Holdings Corporation Delaware Arnold Magnetic Technologies Corporation Delaware Flexmag Industries, Inc. Ohio The Arnold Engineering Co. Illinois Magnetic Technologies Corporation Delaware Precision Magnetics LLC Delaware Arnold Investments, Ltd. Delaware Arnold Magnetic Technologies UK Limited United Kingdom Arnold Magnetic Technologies UK Partnership, LP United Kingdom Arnold Magnetic Technologies UK, LLC Delaware Arnold Magnetic Technologies AG Switzerland Precision Magnetics (Ganzhou) Co. Ltd. China (owns 50 Arnold Magnetic Technologies Limited United Kingdom (owns one ordinary share) Swift Levick Magnets United Kingdom Arnold Magnetics Asia Ltd. Hong Kong Jade Magnetics Limited British Virgin Islands Arnold Asia LLC Delaware Arnold Magnetics (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. China Ramco Holdings, LLC Ohio Ramco Electric Motors, Inc. Ohio BOA Holdings Inc. Delaware BOA Parent Inc. Delaware Reel Holding Corp Delaware BOA Technology Inc. Delaware BOA Technology Japan Inc. Japan BOA Technology Korea Inc. Korea US BOA Technology Shenzen Representative Office (China) China Boatechnology GmbH Austria BOA Technology Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong BOA Technology (Shanghai) Ltd. China 

BOA Technology (Shenzen) Ltd. China EBP Lifestyle Brands Holdings, Inc. Delaware ERGO Baby Holding Corporation Delaware ERGO Baby Intermediate Holding Corporation Delaware The ERGO Baby Carrier Inc. Hawaii Orbit Baby, Inc. Delaware New Baby Tula LLC Delaware Baby Rain, Inc. d b a Pampered Tot California Caden Companies, LLC California Ergobaby Europe GmBH Germany Ergobaby France SARL France EBP Lifestyle Brands UK Limited United Kingdom EBP Lifestyle Brands Canada, Inc. Canada, British Columbia Baby Tula Poland f k a MLV 99SP. Z.O.O Poland FFI Compass, Inc. Delaware Foam Fabricators, Inc. d b a Altor Solutions Delaware Foam Fab, Inc. Delaware Polyfoam, LLC Delaware Plymouth Foam LLC Wisconsin Foam Fabricators Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Foam Fabricators Services, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Lugano Holding, Inc. Delaware Lugano Buyer, Inc. Delaware Lugano Diamonds & Jewelry, Inc California Lugano Prive, LLC Delaware K.L.D. Jewelry, LLC Delaware Lugano Diamonds UK Limited United Kingdom LBM S.r.l Italy Relentless Topco, Inc. Delaware Relentless Intermediate, Inc. Delaware PrimaLoft Intermediate, Inc. Delaware PrimaLoft Technologies Holdings, Inc. Delaware PrimaLoft, Inc. Delaware PrimaLoft (Xiamen) Trading Co. LTD China PrimaLoft GmbH Germany PL VAT Services SRL Italy SternoCandleLamp Holdings, Inc. Delaware The Sterno Group Companies, LLC Delaware Sterno LLC Delaware Sterno Delivery, LLC Delaware Rimports, LLC Delaware Rimports (Canada) LTD Canada Rimports (Shenzen) LLC China NII Northern International Trading (Ningbo) Co. Ltd. China CBCP Products, LLC Delaware 

CBCP Acquisition Corp. Delaware Velocity Outdoor Inc. Delaware Crosman Corporation Delaware Ravin Crossbows, Inc. Wisconsin King's Camo, LLC Delaware THP Topco, Inc. Delaware THP Intermediate, Inc Delaware The Honey Pot Holdco, Inc. Delaware The Honey Pot Company Holdings, LLC Delaware The Honey Pot Company (DE), LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 a12312023ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We have issued our reports dated February 28, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Compass Diversified Holdings on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Compass Diversified Holdings on Forms S-3 (File No. 333-259374 and File No. 333-147217). 

s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 28, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 a12312023ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Elias J. Sabo, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d -15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2024 
 s Elias J. Sabo Elias J. Sabo Chief Executive Officer Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 a12312023ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ryan J. Faulkingham, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d -15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2024 
 s Ryan J. Faulkingham Ryan J. Faulkingham Regular Trustee of Compass Diversified Holdings Chief Financial Officer Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 a12312023ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Elias J. Sabo, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 28, 2024 
 By s Elias J. Sabo Elias J. Sabo Chief Executive Officer Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished to accompany Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Report solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing of Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC that incorporates the Report by reference. A signed original of this written certification required by Section 906 has been provided to Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC and will be retained by Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 a12312023ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ryan J. Faulkingham, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 28, 2024 
 By s Ryan J. Faulkingham Ryan J. Faulkingham Regular Trustee of Compass Diversified Holdings Chief Financial Officer Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished to accompany Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Report solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing of Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC that incorporates the Report by reference. A signed original of this written certification required by Section 906 has been provided to Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC and will be retained by Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 8
 a12312023ex971.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 

Exhibit 97.1 

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
 and 
 COMPASS GROUP DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS LLC 
 
 CLAWBACK POLICY 
 
 Introduction 
 The Board of Directors (the Board of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its members, including Compass Diversified Holdings, a Delaware statutory trust Holdings and together with the Company, Compass Diversified ), and the beneficial owners of Holdings, to create and maintain a culture that emphasizes integrity and accountability. The Board has therefore adopted this policy which provides for the recoupment of certain executive compensation and other renumerations in the event of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under the federal securities laws (the Policy ). This Policy is designed to comply with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and the applicable rules of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ), including Section 303A.14 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, and amends and supersedes any previous policy of the Board with regard to recoupment of incentive compensation. 
 Administration 
 This Policy shall be administered by the Board or, if so designated by the Board, the compensation committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee ), in which case references herein to the Board shall be deemed references to the Compensation Committee. Any determinations made by the Board shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. 
 Covered Executives 
 This Policy applies to the Company s current and former executive officers, including any executive officer seconded to the Company pursuant to the Sixth Amended and Restated Management Service Agreement by and between the Company and Compass Group Management LLC (the Manager ), dated as of September 30, 2014 and originally effective as of May 16, 2006 (as amended from time to time, the MSA ), as determined by the Board in accordance with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and the listing standards of the NYSE, and such other senior executives who may from time to time be deemed subject to the Policy by the Board Covered Executives ). 

Recoupment Accounting Restatement 
 In the event Compass Diversified is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to Compass Diversified s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws (including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period), the Board will require reasonably prompt reimbursement or forfeiture of any excess Incentive Compensation (as hereinafter defined) received by any Covered Executive during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which Compass Diversified is required to prepare an accounting restatement. 
 Incentive Compensation 
 For purposes of this Policy, Incentive Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based, wholly or in part, on the attainment of a financial reporting measure of the Company or Holdings, whether such item is paid by Holdings or the Company as compensation or other renumerations directly or through reimbursement to the Manager pursuant to the MSA including 
 Annual bonuses and other short- and long-term cash incentives. 
 Share options. 
 Share appreciation rights. 
 Restricted shares. 
 Restricted share units. 
 Performance shares. 
 Performance units. 
 Financial reporting measures include 
 Holdings share price. 
 Total shareholder return. 
 Revenues or sales. 
 Net income. 
 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA ), or adjusted EBITDA. 
 Funds from operations. 
 Liquidity measures such as working capital or operating cash flow. 
 Return measures such as return on invested capital or return on assets. 
 Earnings measures such as earnings or adjusted earnings. 

Excess Incentive Compensation Amount Subject to Recovery 
 The amount to be recovered will be the excess of the Incentive Compensation paid to the Covered Executive based on the erroneous data over the Incentive Compensation that would have been paid to the Covered Executive had it been based on the restated results, as determined by the Board without regard to any taxes paid. 
 If the Board cannot determine the amount of excess Incentive Compensation received by the Covered Executive directly from the information in the accounting restatement, then it will make and document its determination based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the accounting restatement. 
 Method of Recoupment 
 The Board will determine, in its sole discretion, the method for recouping Incentive Compensation hereunder which may include, without limitation 
 (a) requiring reimbursement of cash Incentive Compensation previously paid 
 (b) seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer or other disposition of any equity-based awards 
 (c) offsetting the recouped amount from any compensation or other renumerations otherwise owed by the Company or Holdings to the Covered Executive or the Manager 
 (d) cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity awards and 
 (e) taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law, as determined by the Board. 
 No Indemnification 
 No Covered Executive shall be indemnified against the loss of any incorrectly awarded Incentive Compensation. 
 Interpretation 
 The Board is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate or advisable for the administration of this Policy. It is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or the NYSE. 
 Effective Date 
 This Policy shall be effective as of the date it is adopted by the Board (the Effective Date and shall apply to Incentive Compensation that is approved, awarded or granted to Covered Executives on or after that date. 
 Amendment Termination 
 The Board may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to reflect regulations adopted by the SEC under Section 10D of the Exchange Act and to comply with any rules or standards adopted by the NYSE. The Board may terminate this Policy at any time. Notwithstanding anything in this section to the contrary, no amendment or termination of this Policy shall be effective if such amendment or termination 

would (after taking into account any actions taken by the Compass Diversified contemporaneously with such amendment or termination) cause Compass Diversified to violate any federal securities laws, SEC rule or the rules of the NYSE. 
 Other Recoupment Rights 
 The Board intends that this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent of the law. The Board may require that any employment agreement, equity award agreement or similar agreement entered into on or after the Effective Date shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, require a Covered Executive to agree to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company or Holdings pursuant to the terms of any similar policy in any employment agreement, equity award agreement or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available to the Company or Holdings. 
 Impracticability 
 The Board shall recover any excess Incentive Compensation in accordance with this Policy unless such recovery would be impracticable, as determined by the Board in accordance with Rule 10D-1 of the Exchange Act and the listing standards of the NYSE. 
 Successors 
 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 codi-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 codi-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 codi-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 codi-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 codi-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

