<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240228_10-K_edgar_data_1968915_0001968915-24-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17605928</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>434505</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2718245</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7107201</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3641934</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3280550</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001968915-24-000007.hdr.sgml : 20240228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240228151019
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001968915-24-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		166
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PHINIA INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001968915
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41708
		FILM NUMBER:		24694375

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 UNIVERSITY DRIVE
		CITY:			AUBURN HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48326
		BUSINESS PHONE:		947-262-8147

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 UNIVERSITY DRIVE
		CITY:			AUBURN HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48326

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001968915-24-000007.txt : 20240228

10-K
 1
 phin-20231231.htm
 10-K

phin-20231231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 00 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 __________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2023, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the registrant s common stock was t listed on any exchange. The registrant s common stock began regular-way trading on the New York Stock Exchange on July 5, 2023. 
 As of February 23, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

PHINIA Inc 
 FORM 10-K 
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 
 INDEX 
 Page No. PART I. 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B . 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 
 I tem 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 27 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 27 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 Item 4 . 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 PART II. 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 Item 6 . 
 [Reserved] 
 30 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 97 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 97 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 98 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 98 
 PART III. 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 98 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 98 
 Item 12 . 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 98 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 99 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 99 
 PART IV. 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 99 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 99 

2 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (Form 10-K) to PHINIA, the Company, we, our or us refer to PHINIA Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are statements other than historical fact that provide current expectations or forecasts of future events based on certain assumptions and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements use words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, designed, effect, estimate, evaluate, expect, forecast, goal, initiative, intend, likely, may, outlook, plan, potential, predict, project, pursue, seek, should, target, when, will, would, or other words of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and factors relating to our business and operations, all of which are difficult to predict and which could cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Risks, uncertainties, and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 adverse changes in general business and economic conditions, including recessions, adverse market conditions or downturns impacting the vehicle and industrial equipment industries; 
 our ability to deliver new products, services and technologies in response to changing consumer preferences, increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, and acceleration of the market for electric vehicles; 
 competitive industry conditions; 
 failure to identify, consummate, effectively integrate or realize the expected benefits from acquisitions or partnerships; 
 pricing pressures from original equipment manufacturers (OEMs); 
 inflation rates and volatility in the costs of commodities used in the production of our products; 
 changes in U.S. administrative policy, including changes to existing trade agreements and any resulting changes in international trade relations; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property; 
 failure of or disruption in our information technology infrastructure, including a disruption related to cybersecurity; 
 our ability to identify, attract, retain and develop a qualified global workforce; 
 difficulties launching new vehicle programs; 
 failure to achieve the anticipated savings and benefits from restructuring and product portfolio optimization actions; 
 extraordinary events, including natural disasters or extreme weather events, political disruptions, terrorist attacks, pandemics or other public health crises, and acts of war; 
 risks related to our international operations; 
 the impact of economic, political, and market conditions on our business in China; 
 our reliance on a limited number of OEM customers; 
 supply chain disruptions; 
 work stoppages, production shutdowns and similar events or conditions; 
 governmental investigations and related proceedings regarding vehicle emissions standards; 
 current and future environmental and health and safety laws and regulations; 
 the impact of climate change and regulations related to climate change; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 liabilities related to product warranties, litigation and other claims; 
 compliance with legislation, regulations, and policies, investigations and legal proceedings, and new interpretations of existing rules and regulations; 
 tax audits and changes in tax laws or tax rates taken by taxing authorities; 
 volatility in the credit market environment; 
 impairment charges on goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets; 
 the impact of changes in interest rates and asset returns on our pension funding obligations; 
 the impact of restrictive credit agreement covenants and requirements on our financial and operating flexibility; 
 our ability to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve from the Spin-Off (as defined below); 
 a delay or inability to transition key infrastructure, services and solutions in connection with the Spin-Off; 
 a determination that the Spin-Off does not qualify as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
 restrictions under the Tax Matters Agreement (as defined below); 
 difficulty maintaining existing customer relationships and obtaining new customers as a result of being a smaller company following the Spin-Off; 
 our or BorgWarner Inc. s (BorgWarner) failure to perform under various transaction agreements executed in connection with the Spin-Off; 
 actual or potential conflicts of interests of certain of our employees related to their financial interests in BorgWarner; 
 our limited history as an independent, publicly traded company; and 
 other risks and uncertainties described in Item 1A, Risk Factors and in our other reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). 
 We caution readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 This Form 10-K contains information about PHINIA s financial results that is not presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). Such non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures in this Form 10-K. The provision of these comparable GAAP financial measures for 2023 is not intended to indicate that PHINIA is explicitly or implicitly providing projections on those GAAP financial measures, and actual results for such measures are likely to vary from those presented. The reconciliations include all information reasonably available to the Company at the date of this Form 10-K and the adjustments that management can reasonably predict. 
 Management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to management, investors, and banking institutions in their analysis of the Company's business and operating performance. Management also uses this information for operational planning and decision-making purposes. 
 Non-GAAP financial measures are not and should not be considered a substitute for any GAAP measure. Additionally, because not all companies use identical calculations, the non-GAAP financial measures as presented by PHINIA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 PHINIA Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the Company or PHINIA) is a Delaware corporation incorporated in 2023. The Company is a leader in the development, design and manufacture of integrated components and systems that are designed to optimize performance, increase efficiency and reduce emissions in combustion and hybrid propulsion for commercial vehicles and industrial applications (medium-duty and heavy-duty trucks, buses and other off-highway construction, marine, agricultural and industrial applications) and light vehicles (passenger cars, trucks, vans and sport-utility vehicles). We are a global supplier to most major original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) seeking to meet and exceed increasingly stringent global regulatory requirements and satisfy consumer demands for an enhanced user experience. Additionally, we offer a wide range of original equipment service (OES) solutions and remanufactured products as well as an expanded range of products for the independent (non-OEM) aftermarket. 
 Transition to Standalone Company 
 On December 6, 2022, BorgWarner Inc., a manufacturer and supplier of automotive industry components and parts (BorgWarner, or Former Parent) announced plans for the complete legal and structural separation of its Fuel Systems and Aftermarket businesses by the spin-off of its wholly-owned subsidiary, PHINIA, which was formed on February 9, 2023 (the Spin-Off). 
 On July 3, 2023, BorgWarner completed the Spin-Off in a transaction intended to qualify as tax-free to the Company s stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which was accomplished by the distribution of the outstanding common stock of PHINIA to holders of record of common stock of BorgWarner on a pro rata basis. Each holder of record of BorgWarner common stock received one share of PHINIA common stock for every five shares of BorgWarner common stock held on June 23, 2023, the record date. In lieu of fractional shares of PHINIA, BorgWarner stockholders received cash. As a result of these transactions, all of the assets, liabilities, and legal entities comprising BorgWarner s Fuel Systems and Aftermarket businesses are now owned directly, or indirectly through its subsidiaries, by PHINIA. PHINIA is an independent public company trading under the symbol PHIN on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Narrative Description of Reportable Segments 
 The Company reports its results under two reportable segments: Fuel Systems and Aftermarket. 
 Net sales by reportable segment were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2023 2022 2021 Fuel Systems 2,407 2,293 2,233 Aftermarket 1,329 1,284 1,218 Inter-segment eliminations (236) (229) (224) Net sales 3,500 3,348 3,227 
 The sales information presented above does not include the sales by the Company s unconsolidated joint venture (see sub-heading Joint Venture below). Such unconsolidated sales totaled approximately 228 million, 235 million, and 201 million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, the sales information for the year ended December 31, 2023 includes 50 million of certain contract manufacturing agreements with BorgWarner that were entered into at the time of the Spin-Off. 
 Fuel Systems 
 The Fuel Systems segment provides advanced fuel injection systems, fuel delivery modules, canisters, sensors, electronic control modules and associated software. Our highly engineered fuel injection systems portfolio includes pumps, injectors, fuel rail assemblies, engine control modules, and complete systems, including software and calibration services, that reduce emissions and improve fuel economy for traditional and hybrid applications. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Aftermarket 
 The Aftermarket segment sells products to independent aftermarket customers and OES customers. Its product portfolio includes a wide range of products as well as maintenance, test equipment and vehicle diagnostics solutions. The Aftermarket segment also includes sales of starters and alternators to OEMs. 
 Financial Information About Reportable Segments 
 Refer to Note 24, Reportable Segments and Related Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for financial information about the Company's reportable segments. 
 Joint Venture 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had one unconsolidated joint venture in which it exercises significant influence but has a less-than-100 ownership interest. Results from the unconsolidated joint venture are reported by the Company using the equity method of accounting pursuant to which the Company records its proportionate share of the joint venture s income or loss each period. 
 Management of the unconsolidated joint venture is shared with the Company s joint venture partner. Certain information concerning the Company's unconsolidated joint venture is set forth below: 
 Joint venture Products Year organized Percentage owned by the Company Location of operation Joint venture partner Delphi-TVS Diesel Systems Ltd Diesel fuel injection equipment 2001 52.5 India Cheema TVS Industrial Ventures Private Limited 
 Financial Information About Geographic Areas 
 The Company has a global presence. During the year ended December 31, 2023, approximately 29 of the Company s net sales were generated in the United States, and 71 were generated outside the United States. Refer to Note 24, Reportable Segments and Related Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional financial information about geographic areas. 
 Product Lines and Customers 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, approximately 44 of the Company s net sales were for light-vehicle applications; approximately 25 were for commercial vehicle and industrial applications; approximately 8 were for OES, and 23 for independent aftermarket customers. 
 The Company s worldwide net sales to General Motors Company during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were 16 and 12 , respectively. No other single customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company s consolidated net sales in any of the years presented. Sales to the Company s top five customers represented 35 of sales for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 The Company s products are generally sold directly to OEMs, substantially pursuant to negotiated annual contracts, long-term supply agreements or terms and conditions as may be modified by the parties. Deliveries are subject to periodic authorizations based upon OEM production schedules. The Company typically ships its products directly from its plants to the OEMs. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 The Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments each have their own sales function. Account managers for each of our businesses are assigned to serve specific customers for one or more of the businesses products. Account managers spend the majority of their time in direct contact with customers purchasing and engineering employees and are responsible for servicing existing business and for identifying and obtaining new business. Because of their close relationship with customers, account managers are able to identify and meet customers needs based upon their knowledge of our product design and manufacturing capabilities. Upon securing a new order, account managers participate in product launch team activities and serve as a key interface with customers. In addition, sales and marketing employees of our reportable segments often work together to explore cross-development opportunities where appropriate. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Seasonality 
 Our operations are directly related to the commercial vehicle and light vehicle industry. Consequently, our segments may experience seasonal fluctuations to the extent vehicle production slows, such as for OEM shutdowns in summer or winter, and for aftermarket parts depending on primary repair periods (summer for buses) or primary failure periods due to extreme heat or cold. 
 Research and Development 
 We have our own research and development (R D) organization, including engineers and technicians, engaged in R D activities at facilities around the globe. We also operate testing facilities such as prototype, measurement and calibration, life-cycle testing, dynamometer testing and validation laboratories. By working closely with OEMs and anticipating their future product needs, our R D employees conceive, design, develop, test and validate new proprietary components and systems. R D employees also work to improve current products and production processes. We believe our commitment to R D will allow us to continue to obtain new orders from our OEM customers. 
 Our net R D expenditures are primarily included in selling, general and administrative expenses of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Customer reimbursements are netted against gross R D expenditures as they are considered a recovery of cost. Customer reimbursements for prototypes are recorded net of prototype costs based on customer contracts, typically either when the prototype is shipped or when it is accepted by the customer. Customer reimbursements for engineering services are recorded when performance obligations are satisfied in accordance with the contract. Financial risks and rewards transfer upon shipment, acceptance of a prototype component by the customer or upon completion of the performance obligation as stated in the respective customer agreement. 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2023 2022 2021 Gross R D expenditures 188 200 247 Customer reimbursements (80) (96) (115) Net R D expenditures 108 104 132 
 Net R D expenditures as a percentage of net sales were 3.1 , 3.1 and 4.1 for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Intellectual property rights are important and valuable assets to our company. We have in the past and will continue in the future to file applications to protect our own rights, or to obtain licenses from third parties, when and where appropriate. We currently hold over 2,000 active pending and issued patents worldwide, and numerous pending and registered trademarks worldwide. Many of our trademarks are well-known in the markets in which we operate, and are key differentiators in particular for our aftermarket business. In certain instances, we also license some of our intellectual property assets to third parties, and in some cases, receive royalties in return. While we consider our intellectual property portfolio on the whole to be important, we do not consider our business to be materially dependent upon any one single intellectual property right or agreement. 
 Competition 
 We compete globally with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. Many of these competitors are larger, have more diverse product portfolios and have greater resources than us. Technological innovation, application engineering development, quality, price, delivery and program launch support are the primary methods of competition. 
 Our major competitors are Robert Bosch GmbH, Cummins Inc., Denso Corporation, Dorman Products, Inc., Hitachi Astemo, Ltd., Hyundai KEFICO, Marelli, Valeo, Schaeffler Group, SEG Automotive, Aisan Industry Co., Ltd., Tenneco, ZF Group, SMP Auto Inc., and Vitesco Technologies. 
 For many of our products, our competitors include suppliers in parts of the world that enjoy economic advantages such as lower labor costs, lower health care costs, lower tax rates and, in some cases, export subsidies and/or raw materials subsidies. Also, see Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital Management 
 Our ability to attract, retain and develop a highly skilled and diverse management team and workforce globally is critical to our sustained success and the growth of our business. We believe the skills, experiences, and industry knowledge of our talented employees advance our efforts in cultivating an inclusive culture, driving operational excellence, and providing innovative products and solutions designed to optimize performance, increase efficiency and solve our customers biggest challenges. 
 As of December 31, 2023, our workforce was composed of salaried and hourly employees in the following geographic regions as follows. 
 Americas 5,800 Asia 1,600 Europe 5,800 Total Employees 13,200 Salaried 4,600 Hourly 8,600 Total Employees 13,200 
 To achieve our human capital management strategies and objectives, we use an array of measures to attract, develop, engage and retain highly qualified talent. These measures are advanced through programs and initiatives focused on equity, diversity and inclusion (EDI), engagement and sentiment, education and development, and health and safety. 
 Equity, Diversity and Inclusion. Inclusivity, integrity and accountability are among the Company s core values. We strive to cultivate a culture where employees are treated with respect and their differences are valued. We regularly review our policies, programs and processes to promote an inclusive workforce and confirm alignment with our EDI strategy and efforts to foster a highly qualified talent and leadership pipeline consisting of individuals with diverse perspectives, skills and experiences. We recently began an initiative through our CONNECT channel, our employee communications platform, that shares educational content with employees to raise awareness of cultural events and celebrations. As a multinational organization, we believe recognition, and appreciation for, cultural differences is an important part of creating a greater understanding of each other at the Company. 
 Our Code of Ethical Conduct outlines our expectations for employees to act ethically and responsibly and sets the tone for employee interactions with each other and external stakeholders to create a respectful, inclusive and productive business environment. During 2023, we rolled out our inaugural annual Code of Ethical Conduct compliance training to our global workforce. This training includes promoting a diverse, inclusive and respectful workplace in addition to many other important topics. 
 Engagement and Sentiment. We actively deploy strategies to attract highly qualified talent and engage and retain our global workforce, including our YOU Matter total rewards program. We deliver culturally appropriate reward and recognition programs with competitive pay and benefit categories. Our team closely monitors employee turnover as part of our efforts to identify potential opportunities for improving employee retention. Additionally, we give our employees the opportunity to give back to their local communities, through community service, environmental initiatives, and educational involvement. 
 Globally, we provide comprehensive benefit programs through our various locations to support health and wellness, including disease prevention, management of chronic conditions, and emotional health resources. All full and part-time employees are eligible to participate in our retirement plans, family-friendly leave programs, and flexible work policies, unless precluded by collective bargaining agreements or national statutory plans. Our benefits toolkit is available to all global employees on our CONNECT channel to encourage health and wellness engagement and provide confidential access to our insurance and other benefit partners. 
 Additionally, our compensation infrastructure for salaried employees provides a globally consistent framework, with appropriate flexibility and country specific market data informing pay decisions and supporting our ability to provide market competitive compensation, which allows us to attract and retain highly qualified talent. We offer pay and 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 benefits that are competitive and consistent with employee positions, skill levels, experience, knowledge, and geographic location. 
 Employees at certain international facilities are unionized. We recognize that, in many of the locations where we operate, employees have freedom of association rights with third-party organizations such as labor unions. We respect and support those rights, including the right to collective bargaining, in accordance with local laws. 
 Education and Development. We provide formal development opportunities for our employees to enable them to build the skills needed to reach their short- and long-term career goals. These opportunities are delivered in a variety of formats to make our portfolio of education and development solutions flexible, accessible, scalable and translatable to meet the needs of our evolving global workplace and workforce. 
 Our formal performance appraisal system enables managers and employees the opportunity to provide formal feedback in the middle and at the end of the calendar year, as well as the ability to identify development opportunities and goals for the coming year. In 2023, our formal reverse mentoring program was launched, which paired early career talent with senior leadership. Finally, we have annual talent reviews and conduct succession planning for key roles within the Company. 
 Health and Safety . The safety of our employees is a top priority, and we are dedicated to continually improving safety performance through education, focusing our efforts on managing and mitigating risk and building a culture where safety comes first and is embedded as a value. We maintain safety management systems at all of our manufacturing facilities. Our manufacturing locations that supply directly to OEM customers are certified to the ISO 45001 Health and Safety Management standard. 
 We engage employees across different roles and geographies through ongoing workplace safety training and prevention initiatives, sharing best practices, hosting safety meetings, and sponsoring recognition programs. Since the Spin-Off, we have established our Global Safety Leadership Team, which is comprised of members of our management team and other senior leaders across the organization who are responsible for overseeing our safety performance and initiatives. We also created a health and safety page on our CONNECT channel and held our first annual PHINIA Global Safety Week in 2023. Each of these programs and policies aim to continually improve the safety of our work environments and foster safe and healthy practices among our employees. 
 Governance. Our human capital management measures, strategies and objectives are managed within a governance structure that is designed to enable broad engagement and appropriate oversight at various levels within the Company. This structure facilitates regular updates to our Chief Human Resource Officer (CHRO) and Strategy Board (consisting of our Chief Executive Officer (CEO), CHRO and other members of management), as well as periodic updates provided by the CHRO and other senior leaders to our Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee of the Board. Our Compensation Committee assists the Board in overseeing the Company s approach to human capital management, including EDI, and receives updates from members of our management team and other senior leaders regarding the Company s key strategies and initiatives. Our Compensation Committee also oversees our compensation philosophies governing our executive compensation plans and programs, with our full Board and Corporate Governance Committee overseeing management talent development and succession planning. 
 Raw Materials 
 We use a variety of raw materials in the production of our products including aluminum, copper, nickel, plastic resins, steel, certain alloy elements, and semiconductor chips. Manufacturing operations for each of our operating segments are dependent upon natural gas (including carbon dioxide and helium), fuel oil, and electricity. 
 We use a variety of measures to limit the impact of supply shortages and inflationary pressures. Our global procurement organization works to accelerate cost reductions, purchase from best-cost regions, optimize the supply base, mitigate risk, and collaborate on our buying activities. In addition, we use long-term contracts, cost sharing arrangements, design changes, customer buy programs, and limited financial instruments to help control costs wherever beneficial. The Company intends to use similar measures in 2024 and beyond. Refer to Note 16, Financial Instruments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for information related to the Company s hedging activities. 
 For 2024, the Company believes there will be continued inflationary pressures in certain raw materials, labor and energy. The Company also believes there will continue to be supply constraints related to semiconductor chips resulting in price increase pressure. Supplies of other raw materials are adequate and available from multiple sources to support its manufacturing requirements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Government Regulations 
 We are subject to extensive and varied laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including those relating to anti corruption and trade, anti-money laundering, environmental matters, import and export compliance, antitrust, data security and privacy, employment, public health and safety, intellectual property, transportation, zoning, and fire codes. Our policies mandate compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, and we operate our business in accordance with standards and procedures designed to comply with these laws and regulations. 
 Our practice is to identify potential regulatory and quality risks early in the design and development process and proactively manage them throughout the product lifecycle through the use of routine assessments, protocols, standards, performance measures and audits. New regulations and changes to existing regulations are managed in collaboration with our OEM customers and implemented through our global systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations. We demonstrate material content compliance through the International Material Data System (IMDS), which is the vehicle industry material data system. In the IMDS, all materials used for vehicle manufacturing are archived and maintained to meet the obligations placed on the vehicle manufacturers, and thus on their suppliers, by national and international standards, laws and regulations. 
 The Company works collaboratively with a number of stakeholder groups, including government agencies such as the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, our customers and our suppliers, to proactively engage in federal, state and international public policy processes. 
 Refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for a discussion of the impact of environmental regulations on the Company s business. Also, see Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Available Information 
 Through the Company s investor relations website (investors.phinia.com), the Company makes available, free of charge, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, all amendments to those reports, and other filings with the SEC as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed or furnished. 
 Dissemination of Company Information 
 The Company intends to make future announcements regarding Company developments and financial performance through its websites, www.phinia.com and investors.phinia.com, as well as through press releases, filings with the SEC, conference calls and webcasts. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 Set forth below are the names, ages, positions and certain other information concerning the executive officers of the Company as of February 28, 2024. 
 Name (Age) Present Position (Effective Date) Positions Held During the Past Five Years (Effective Date) Brady D. Ericson (52) 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (July 2023) 
 President and General Manager, Fuel Systems and Aftermarket BorgWarner (2022-July 2023) 
 President and General Manager, Morse Systems, BorgWarner (2019-2022) 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer, BorgWarner (2017-2019) 
 Chris P. Gropp (59) Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (July 2023) Vice President of Finance, Fuel Systems and Aftermarket, BorgWarner (2020-July 2023) 
 Vice President of Finance, Transmission Systems, BorgWarner (2014-2020) 
 Pedro Abreu (46) Vice President and General Manager, Fuel Systems Asia Pacific (July 2023) Vice President and General Manager Asia, Fuel Systems, BorgWarner (2021-July 2023) 
 Plant Manager Tulle, France, BorgWarner (2019-2021) 
 Plant Manager, Vigo Spain, BorgWarner (2017-2018) 
 Plant Manager, Portugal, BorgWarner (2015-2019) 
 
 Todd L. Anderson (54) Vice President and Chief Technology Officer (July 2023) Vice President and General Manager, Fuel Systems Europe, Middle East, Africa, BorgWarner (2021-July 2023) 
 Vice President and Managing Director, Diesel Fuel Injection Systems, BorgWarner (2020-2021) 
 Vice President and Managing Director, Diesel Fuel Injection Systems, Delphi Technologies (2019-2021) 
 Private Equity Advisor, Falfurrias Capital Partners (private capital investment firm) (2019) 
 Robert Boyle (44) Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary (July 2023) Vice President and General Counsel (Europe), BorgWarner (2020-July 2023) 
 Vice President, Corporate and Securities, and Assistant Secretary, Delphi Technologies (2018-2020) 
 Michael Coetzee (57) Vice President and General Manager, Fuel Systems Americas (July 2023) Vice President and General Manager, Morse Systems, Americas, BorgWarner (2020-July 2023) 
 Vice President and General Manager,Transmission Systems, Americas, BorgWarner (2016-2020) 
 Alisa Di Beasi (49) Vice President and Chief Human Resource Officer (July 2023) Vice President, Global Human Resources, Morse Systems, BorgWarner (2020-July 2023) 
 Global Vice President, Human Resources, Low Voltage, Smart Buildings and Smart Charging, ABB AG (power and automation technology manufacturer) (2016-2019) 
 Sebastian Dori (43) Vice President and Chief Purchasing Officer (July 2023) Vice President, Global Supply Management, Fuel Systems, BorgWarner (2021-July 2023) 
 Director, Global Supply Chain Management, Morse Systems, BorgWarner (2020-2021) 
 Supply Chain Director, Europe and South America, Turbo Systems, BorgWarner (2017-2020) 
 Christopher Gustanski (50) Vice President, Operational Excellence (July 2023) Vice President Manufacturing Strategy and Quality, BorgWarner (2020-July 2023) 
 Vice President Manufacturing Engineering, Powertrain Products and Corporate Manufacturing Engineering, Lean, and Footprint Planning, Delphi Technologies (2019-2020) 
 Director of Manufacturing Engineering Internal Combustion Engine, Delphi Technologies (2017-2019) 
 Neil Fryer (62) Vice President and General Manager, Global Aftermarket (July 2023) Vice President and General Manager, Global Aftermarket, BorgWarner (2022-July 2023) 
 Vice President Global Marketing, Product and Strategic Planning, Aftermarket, BorgWarner (2020-2022) 
 Vice President Global Marketing, Product and Strategic Planning Aftermarket, Delphi Technologies (2017-2020) 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 John Lipinski (56) Vice President and General Manager, Fuel Systems Europe (July 2023) Vice President, Global Manufacturing Engineering, PowerDrive Systems, BorgWarner (2022-July 2023) 
 Senior Director Global Manufacturing Engineering and Operations, PowerDrive Systems, BorgWarner (2020-2022) 
 Global Operations Senior Director, Delphi Technologies (automotive company) (2019-2020) 
 Europe Operations Director, Electrification and Electronics, Delphi Technologies (2018-2019) 
 Matthew Logar (48) Vice President and Chief Information Officer (July 2023) Chief Information Officer, Gentherm Incorporated (thermal management technologies company) (2020-July 2023) 
 Executive Director, Information Technology, Gentherm (2019-2020) 
 Vice President, Account Management, General Electric Co. (energy equipment, solutions, and services provider) (2019) 
 Vice President, Digital Operations Infrastructure, Enterprise Resource Planning, Apps. Ops., General Electric Company (2016 2018) 
 Samantha M. Pombier (42) Vice President and Controller (July 2023) Assistant Controller, BorgWarner (2020-July 2023) 
 Director, External Reporting, BorgWarner (2019-2020) 
 Plant Controller, Hungary, BorgWarner (2017-2019) 

12 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to PHINIA or that PHINIA currently deems immaterial that also may materially adversely affect us in future periods. Any of the risks and uncertainties described below could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations, including causing PHINIA s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. Although the risks are organized by heading, and each risk is described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. You should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. 
 Risks Related to Our Industry and Strategy 
 Adverse changes in general business and economic conditions, including recessions, adverse market conditions or downturns impacting the vehicle and industrial equipment industries, have in the past and may in the future adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations are sensitive to global and regional business and economic conditions, particularly those specific to the global vehicle and industrial equipment industries. Commercial vehicle, industrial application and light vehicle production and sales are cyclical and sensitive to general economic conditions and other factors including interest rates, consumer credit, and consumer spending and preferences. Economic declines resulting in significant reductions in commercial vehicle or light vehicle production have in the past and would in the future adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, including our sales to OEMs. 
 If we do not deliver new products, services and technologies in response to changing consumer preferences and increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, or if the market for electric vehicles grows faster than expected, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 The vehicle industry is focused on increased fuel efficiency and reduced emissions, including the development of hybrid and electric vehicles, largely as a result of changing consumer preferences and increasingly stringent global regulatory requirements related to the impacts of climate change. In recent years, electric vehicle adoption has increased, with some cities limiting access and a number of countries announcing plans to implement limits or phase outs on sales starting as early as 2030 for certain combustion powered vehicles. While rates of electric vehicle adoption and production have slowed recently due to decreased customer demand and other factors compared to prior expectations, we will continue to consider these trends and related shifts in the industry, including in the context of our product line, growth and innovation and development strategies. Through our products and solutions, we are focused on enhancing fuel efficiency and driving growth through our ability to capitalize on certain other potential trends, such as adoption of alternative fuels (e.g., ethanol, hydrogen and e-fuels). Given the early stages of development of some of these new products and solutions, there can be no guarantee of the future market acceptance and investment returns with respect to our planned products. The ongoing energy transition away from fossil fuels and the adoption of electrified powertrains in some market segments could result in lower demand for current products. If we do not continue to innovate and develop, or acquire, new and compelling products that gain acceptance with OEMs, if the market adoption for electric vehicles (particularly commercial vehicles) grows faster than expected, or if authorities implement additional or more stringent limits or phase-outs for combustion powered vehicles on a broad basis, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 We face strong competition. 
 We compete globally with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. Price, quality, delivery, technological innovation, engineering development and program launch support are the primary elements of competition. Our competitors include a large number of independent domestic and international suppliers. A number of our competitors are larger than us and have more diverse product portfolios, and some competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do. Our customers, faced with intense international competition, have continued to expand their global sourcing of components. As a result, we have experienced competition from suppliers in other parts of the world that enjoy economic advantages, such as lower labor costs, lower health care costs, lower tax rates and, in some cases, export or raw materials subsidies. Increased competition could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any of our competitors may foresee the course of market development more accurately than we do, develop products that are 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 superior to our products, produce similar products at a cost that is lower than our cost, or adapt more quickly than we do to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. As a result, our products may not be able to compete successfully with our competitors products, and we may not be able to meet the growing demands of customers. These trends may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, including our sales and the profit margins on our products. 
 The failure to identify, consummate, effectively integrate or realize the expected benefits from acquisitions or partnerships could adversely affect our growth and our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We periodically evaluate selective acquisitions, partnerships and strategic investments in connection with our growth strategy. The success of our growth strategy is dependent, in part, on our ability to identify suitable acquisition or partnership candidates, prevail against competing potential acquirers or partners and negotiate and consummate acquisitions or partnerships on terms attractive to us. It is also dependent on our ability to effectively integrate and realize the expected benefits from acquisitions or partnerships. 
 To realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or partnerships, both companies must be successfully combined. The combination of independent businesses is a complex, costly and time-consuming process that requires significant management attention and resources. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of our operations, the inability to maintain or increase our competitive presence, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, difficulties in achieving anticipated cost savings, synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects from the acquisition, the diversion of management s attention to integration matters, difficulties in the assimilation of operations, employees and corporate cultures, and/or the realization of unknown or inestimable liabilities relating to the acquired business or inaccurate assessment of undisclosed, contingent or other liabilities or problems. Any or all of these factors could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees, achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition at all or on the timeline expected, and could have an adverse effect on the combined company. In addition, many of these factors are outside of our control, and any one of these factors could result in additional or unforeseen costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and additional diversion of management s time and energy, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 We are under substantial pressure from OEMs to reduce the prices of our products. 
 There is substantial and continuing pressure on OEMs to reduce costs, including costs of products we supply. OEM customers expect annual price reductions in our business. To maintain our profit margins, we seek price reductions from our suppliers, improved production processes to increase manufacturing efficiency, and streamlined product designs to reduce costs. In recent years, however, many of our suppliers have sought to increase prices in order to offset inflationary and other costs and surcharges. Although we seek to recover inflationary and other costs and surcharges from our customers and have had some success in the past in recovering a portion of these costs and surcharges, our ability to pass through increased costs to our OEM customers is limited, with any cost recovery often less than 100 and often on a delayed basis, and there can be no assurance that such recoveries will continue in the future. Inability to reduce costs in an amount equal to annual price reductions, increases in raw material costs, increases in employee wages and benefits and other inflationary headwinds could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We continue to face volatile costs of commodities used in the production of our products and elevated levels of inflation. 
 We use a variety of commodities (including aluminum, copper, nickel, plastic resins, steel, other raw materials and energy) and materials purchased in various forms, such as castings, powder metal, forgings, stampings and bar stock, in the production of our products. In recent years, prices for many of these commodities have increased. We have sought to alleviate the impact of increasing costs by including a material pass-through provision in our customer contracts wherever possible and by selectively hedging certain commodity exposures. Customers frequently challenge these contractual provisions and rarely pay the full cost of any increases in the cost of materials. The discontinuation or lessening of our ability to pass through or hedge increasing commodity costs could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 From time to time, commodity prices may also fall rapidly. If this happens, suppliers may withdraw capacity from the market until prices improve, which may cause periodic supply interruptions. The same may be true of transportation 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 carriers and energy providers. If these supply interruptions occur, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, during 2023, many global economies, including the United States, experienced elevated levels of inflation more generally, which drove an increase in input costs. We reached pricing-related agreements with various customers in 2023, but these agreements do not enable us to recover 100 percent of our increased costs, and as a result, our operating margins have been negatively impacted. While we will continue to negotiate the pass through and recovery of higher costs with our customers, perpetuation of this trend could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in U.S. and foreign administrative policy, including changes to existing trade agreements and any resulting changes in international trade relations, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We manufacture, sell and service products globally and rely upon a global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems and parts that we need to manufacture and service our products. Changes in laws, regulations and government policies on foreign trade and investment can affect the demand for our products and services, cause non-U.S. customers to shift preferences towards domestically manufactured or branded products and impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries. Our business benefits from free trade agreements, such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement and efforts to withdraw from, or substantially modify such agreements or arrangements, in addition to the implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs (including, but not limited to, additional tariffs on the import of steel or aluminum and imposition of new or retaliatory tariffs against certain countries, such as based on developments in U.S. and China relations), import or export licensing requirements and exchange controls or new barriers to entry, could limit our ability to capitalize on current and future growth opportunities in international markets, impair our ability to expand the business by offering new technologies, products and services, and could adversely impact our production costs, customer demand and our relationships with customers and suppliers. Any of these consequences could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property or if a third party makes assertions against us or our customers relating to intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We own important intellectual property, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets, and are involved in numerous licensing arrangements. Our intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining our competitive position in a number of the markets that we serve. Our competitors may develop technologies that are similar or superior to our proprietary technologies or design around the patents we own or license. Further, as we expand our operations in jurisdictions where the enforcement of intellectual property rights is less robust, the risk of others duplicating our proprietary technologies increases, despite efforts we undertake to protect them. Our inability to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights or claims that we are infringing intellectual property rights of others could adversely affect our competitive position, as well as our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A failure of or disruption in our information technology infrastructure, including a disruption related to cybersecurity, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology systems and infrastructure, as well as certain information technology systems and infrastructure that BorgWarner continues to provide to us pursuant to transition services agreements following the Spin-Off. Information technology systems are vulnerable to disruptions, including those resulting from cybersecurity attacks, failures or vulnerabilities in third-party provided services and natural disasters or adverse weather events. Disruptions and attacks on our information technology systems, or on the information systems of third parties with which we engage, pose a risk to the security of our systems and data, including the data of our employees, customers and suppliers. Some cybersecurity attacks or incidents result from human error or manipulation, including phishing attacks or other schemes that use social engineering to gain access to systems or carry out disbursement of funds or other frauds, which increase the risks and costs associated with protecting against such attacks. We have implemented cybersecurity and data protection policies, processes and strategies that are informed by regulatory and business requirements and industry practices. These policies, processes and strategies are designed to help (i) identify, prevent and mitigate cybersecurity threats to the Company; (ii) preserve the confidentiality, security and availability of the information that we collect and store for use in operating our business; (iii) protect the Company s intellectual property; (iv) maintain the confidence of our 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 customers, suppliers, other business partners and employees; and (v) provide appropriate public disclosure of cybersecurity risks and incidents when required. 
 Despite these efforts, we have experienced targeted and non-targeted cybersecurity attacks and incidents in the past that have resulted in unauthorized persons gaining access to our information and systems, and we could in the future experience similar attacks. To date, no cybersecurity attack or incident, or any risk from cybersecurity threats, has materially affected or has been determined to be reasonably likely to materially affect the Company or our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Future cybersecurity attacks or incidents could potentially lead to the inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, including our intellectual property, improper use of our systems and networks, access to and manipulation and destruction of our or third-party data, production downtimes, lost revenues, inappropriate disbursement of funds, and both internal and external supply shortages. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by such attacks or incidents in the future. The consequences of a cybersecurity attack or incident could ultimately cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with our employees, customers, suppliers, and other business partners, lead to claims against us and ultimately adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to identify, attract, retain and develop a qualified global workforce could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to meet our strategic objectives and the needs of our customers. 
 Our continued success depends in part on our ability to identify, attract and onboard qualified candidates with the requisite education, background, skills and experience, and our ability to retain, develop and engage employees across our business, including our sales, manufacturing, research and development, information technology, corporate and other operations and functions. To the extent we are unable to remain competitive with our total rewards programs (which includes compensation and benefits programs and practices), human capital management strategies and objectives, or inclusive workplace culture, or if qualified candidates or employees become more difficult to attract or retain under reasonable terms, we may experience higher labor-related costs and significant employee turnover, and may be unable to attract and retain a qualified global workforce, including members of management and employees with engineering, technical and software capabilities, in numbers sufficient for our needs. These factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and impair our ability to meet our strategic objectives and the needs of our customers. 
 Our profitability and results of operations may be adversely affected by program launch difficulties. 
 The launch of a new vehicle program for a customer is a complex process, the success of which depends on a wide range of factors, including the production readiness of our manufacturing facilities and manufacturing processes and those of our suppliers as well as factors related to tooling, equipment, employees, initial product quality and other factors. Our failure to successfully launch vehicle programs, or our inability to accurately estimate the cost to design, develop and launch new vehicle programs, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 To the extent we are not able to successfully launch a new vehicle program, our customer s vehicle production could be significantly delayed or shut down. Such situations could result in significant financial penalties to us or a diversion of employees and financial resources to improving launches rather than investment in continuous process improvement or other growth initiatives and could result in our customers shifting work away from us to a competitor, all of which could result in loss of revenue or loss of market share and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We could incur restructuring charges as we execute restructuring and other actions in an effort to improve future profitability and competitiveness and to optimize our product portfolio, and may not achieve the anticipated savings and benefits from these actions. 
 We have initiated, and we may continue to initiate, restructuring and other measures designed to improve the competitiveness of our business and sustain our margin profile, optimize our product portfolio or global footprint, or create an optimal legal entity structure. We may not realize anticipated savings or benefits from past or future actions in full or in part or within the time periods we expect. We are also subject to the risks of labor unrest, negative publicity and business disruption in connection with our actions. Failure to realize anticipated savings or benefits from our actions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 The occurrence or threat of extraordinary events, including natural disasters or extreme weather events, political disruptions, terrorist attacks, pandemics or other public health crises, and acts of war, could significantly disrupt production or impact consumer spending or the demand for our products and solutions. 
 Extraordinary events, including natural disasters or extreme weather events, including those that may result from the impacts of climate change, political disruptions, terrorist attacks, pandemics or other public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and acts of war have in the past and may in the future disrupt our business, impact our supply chain and access to necessary raw materials, or adversely affect the global economy generally, resulting in a loss of sales and customers. Any of these disruptions or other extraordinary events outside of our control that impact our operations or the operations of our suppliers or customers could have a future adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, these types of events could negatively impact consumer spending or result in changes in the demand for certain products and solutions in the impacted regions or globally, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to risks related to our international operations. 
 We have manufacturing and technical facilities in many regions including Europe, Asia, and the Americas. For 2023, approximately 71 of our consolidated net sales were outside the United States. Consequently, our results could be affected by changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies, trade restrictions or prohibitions, import or other charges or taxes, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, limitations on the repatriation of funds, changing economic conditions, unreliable intellectual property protection and legal systems, insufficient infrastructures, social unrest, political instability and disputes, international terrorism, acts of war and other factors that may be discrete to a particular country or geography. Compliance with multiple and potentially conflicting laws and regulations of various countries is challenging, burdensome and expensive. 
 The financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are translated to U.S. Dollars using the period-end exchange rate for assets and liabilities and an average exchange rate for each period for revenues, expenses and capital expenditures. The local currency is typically the functional currency for our foreign subsidiaries. Significant foreign currency fluctuations and the associated translation of those foreign currencies could adversely affect our business. Additionally, significant changes in currency exchange rates, particularly the Euro, Chinese Renminbi, British Pound, Brazilian Real and Indian Rupee could cause fluctuations in the reported results of our businesses operations that could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Because we are a U.S. holding company, one significant source of our funds is distributions from our non-U.S. subsidiaries. Certain countries in which we operate have adopted or could institute currency exchange controls that limit or prohibit our local subsidiaries ability to convert local currency into U.S. Dollars or to make payments outside the country. This could subject us to the risks of local currency devaluation and business disruption. 
 Our business in China is subject to aggressive competition and is sensitive to economic, political, and market conditions. 
 Maintaining a strong position in the Chinese market is a key component of our global strategy. The vehicle and other equipment supply markets in China are highly competitive, with competition from many of the largest global manufacturers and numerous smaller domestic manufacturers. As the Chinese market evolves, we anticipate that market participants will act aggressively to increase or maintain their market share. Increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced margins and our inability to gain or hold market share. Our business in China is also sensitive to economic, political, social and market conditions that drive sales volumes in China. If we are unable to maintain our position in the Chinese market or if vehicle sales in China decrease, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, there continues to be significant uncertainty about the future relationships between the U.S. and China, including with respect to trade policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs. Any increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, particularly trade with China, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Customers and Suppliers 
 We face credit, operational and sales concentration risks related to our customers. 
 We rely on sales to OEMs around the world of varying credit quality and manufacturing demands. Supply to several of these customers requires significant investment by us. We base our growth projections, in part, on commitments made by our customers. These commitments by OEMs generally renew yearly during a program life cycle. Among other things, the level of production orders we receive is dependent on the ability of our OEM customers to design 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 and sell products that consumers desire to purchase. If actual production orders from our customers do not approximate such commitments due to a variety of factors including non-renewal of purchase orders, a customer s financial hardship or other unforeseen reasons, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have in the past and likely will in the future derive a significant portion of our net sales from a relatively limited number of OEM customers. For the year ended December 31, 2023, our top five customers accounted for approximately 35 of our net sales, with General Motors Company representing 16 . The loss of, or a significant decrease in business from, one or more of these customers could have a materially adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any consolidation among our top customers may further increase our customer concentration risk. 
 Disruptions in our supply chain have in the past and could in the future adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We obtain components and other products and services from numerous suppliers and other vendors throughout the world. In an effort to manage and reduce the cost of purchased products and services, we have been rationalizing aspects of our supply base, which has resulted in our dependence on fewer supply sources for certain components used in the manufacture of our products. We select suppliers based on a variety of factors, including price, quality, technology, production capacities, customer requirements, reliability, financial condition and geographic location. We expect our suppliers to deliver components in accordance with our stated written expectations. 
 Despite our expectations, the global economy and entire industries have experienced an increased risk of, and actual, global supply chain shortages and other disruptions, including due to labor or social unrest, natural disasters or extreme weather events, political disruptions, pandemics or other public health crises, terrorist attacks, acts of war, government actions (such as relating to trade laws and tariffs), cybersecurity attacks or incidents and other circumstances. For the automotive industry in particular, although global supply chains have continued to recover from the disruption caused by COVID-19 lockdowns, other circumstances (such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine in 2022, natural disasters and extreme weather events) have caused supply constraints for certain components that continue to impact global industry production levels. These circumstances and other rapidly changing industry conditions (such as volatile production volumes; credit tightness; changes in foreign currencies; raw material, commodity, tariffs, transportation and energy price escalation; drastic changes in consumer preferences; and other factors) have resulted or could in the future result in significant supply disruptions, supplier financial instability or distress, and commercial disputes with suppliers and customers. 
 If we experience a prolonged shortage of critical components from any of our suppliers and cannot procure such components from other sources, we may be unable to meet the production schedules for some of our key products and could miss customer delivery expectations. In certain instances, it would be difficult and expensive for us to change suppliers that are critical to our business. Such suppliers may perceive this reliance as greater leverage to seek higher prices from us at a time that we face substantial pressure from OEMs to reduce the prices of our products. 
 Further, we may provide financial support to distressed suppliers or take other measures to protect our supply lines. The circumstances and conditions described in this section have resulted or could in the future result in additional costs and adversely impact our relationships with customers or suppliers or our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Work stoppages, production shutdowns and similar events or conditions could significantly disrupt and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Because the vehicle and equipment industries rely heavily on just-in-time delivery of components during the assembly and manufacture of products, a work stoppage or production shutdown at one or more of our suppliers facilities, including as a result of a prolonged dispute with unionized employees at such facilities, could impact our ability to manufacture and assemble our products and solutions, or meet the needs of our customers, which could have significant adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, if one or more of our customers were to experience a work stoppage or production shutdown, that customer would likely halt or limit purchases of our products, which could result in the shutdown of the related manufacturing facilities. During 2023, the UAW launched strikes against Ford, General Motors Company, Stellantis North America, and Mack Truck, all of which are customers of PHINIA. While the automakers reached a deal with the UAW and there were limited impacts to our results during the third or fourth quarters of 2023, the automakers limited purchases of our products 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 during the strikes due to the halt of their own production. Any future strikes that continue for a prolonged period could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition to our suppliers and customers, a work stoppage or production shutdown at one or more of our manufacturing and assembly facilities, including as a result of a prolonged dispute with the unionized employees at certain of our international facilities, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, and Similar Matters 
 We are, and in the future may be, subject to governmental investigations and related proceedings regarding vehicle emissions standards. 
 In recent years within the vehicle industry, there have been governmental investigations and related proceedings relating to alleged or actual violations of vehicle emissions standards. Alleged or actual violations by us, or to our knowledge, our predecessor entities of emissions standards have in the past resulted in a government investigation and could in the future result in government investigations and other legal proceedings, including class actions and other private civil actions, the recall of one or more of our products, negotiated remedial actions, fines, disgorgement of profits, restricted product offerings, reputational harm or a combination of any of those items. Any of these actions or related costs that we incur could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As previously reported, German authorities announced a diesel defeat device investigation in 2022, which we believe is focused on engines sold by two of our light vehicle OEM customers prior to 2020, when BorgWarner acquired Delphi Technologies PLC. PHINIA is the indirect parent of the Delphi Technologies entity that supplied engine control units, software and calibration services to these OEM customers, and German authorities searched two of our facilities seeking information relating to software supplied to the customers. Under the Separation and Distribution Agreement we entered into with BorgWarner in connection with the Spin-Off, we are generally allocated responsibility for any consequences arising out of the German investigation and any similar investigations. We are cooperating with the German investigation, which is ongoing and has resulted, and will continue to result in, us incurring significant costs and could ultimately lead to any of the consequences we outline above. 
 We are subject to extensive environmental and health and safety laws and regulations that are subject to change and involve significant risks. 
 Our operations are subject to laws governing, among other things, emissions to air, discharges to waters, and the generation, management, transportation and disposal of waste and other materials. The operation of vehicle and industrial equipment parts manufacturing plants entails risks in these areas, and we may incur material costs or liabilities as a result. A number of our manufacturing facilities were acquired prior to the completion of the Spin-Off, and as a result, we may incur material costs and liabilities relating to activities that predate our ownership or the ownership of BorgWarner. In addition, potentially significant expenditures could be required to comply with evolving interpretations of existing environmental and health and safety laws and regulations or any new such laws and regulations (including concerns about global climate change and its impact) that may be adopted in the future. Costs associated with the failure to comply with such laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The impacts of climate change and regulations related to climate change may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The impacts of climate change continue to raise significant concern and attention worldwide, which has led to swift and stringent legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions. Our manufacturing plants use energy, including electricity and natural gas, and certain of our plants that emit greenhouse gas may be affected by these legislative and regulatory efforts. Greenhouse gas regulations could increase the price of the electricity we purchase, increase costs for use of natural gas, potentially restrict access to or the use of natural gas, require us to purchase allowances to offset our own emissions or result in an overall increase in costs of raw materials, any one of which could increase our costs, reduce competitiveness in a global economy, impact our reputation, or otherwise negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Many of our suppliers face similar risks. Supply disruptions relating to such regulations could result in increased costs, jeopardize the continuity of production, and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The physical and transitional impacts of climate change could also disrupt our operations, including by impacting the availability and cost of materials within our supply chain, and could also increase insurance and other operating costs. These factors may also impact our decisions to construct new facilities in certain geographic locations. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 From time to time, we establish strategies and expectations related to the impacts of climate change and other environmental matters. Our ability to achieve any such strategies or expectations is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such factors include, but are not limited to, evolving legal, regulatory and other standards, processes, and assumptions, the pace of scientific and technological developments, increased costs, the availability of requisite financing, and changes in carbon markets. Failures or delays (whether actual or perceived) in achieving our strategies or expectations related to climate change and other environmental matters could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and reputation, and increase the risk of litigation. 
 We have liabilities related to product warranties, litigation and other claims. 
 We provide product warranties to our customers for some of our products. Under these product warranties, we may be required to bear costs and expenses for the repair or replacement of these products. As suppliers become more integrally involved in the design of vehicles and equipment and assume more of the assembly functions, OEMs are increasingly looking to their suppliers for contribution when faced with recalls and product warranty claims. A recall claim or product warranty claim brought against us could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, a recall claim could require us to review our entire product portfolio to assess whether similar issues are present in other product lines, which could result in significant disruption to our business and could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Factors outside our control, including the quality of fuel in end user markets or our products operating under conditions not originally contemplated, may increase our exposure for warranty or recall claims. In addition, as we continue to develop and invest in products and solutions involving alternative fuels (such as hydrogen, ethanol and e-fuels) designed to enhance fuel efficiency and reduce emissions, we may experience an increase in fuel and product quality-related product warranty or other claims. We cannot assure that costs and expenses associated with these claims will not be material or that those costs will not exceed any amounts accrued for such claims in our financial statements. 
 In addition, we are currently, and may in the future become, subject to other commercial or contractual disputes and legal proceedings. These claims typically arise in the normal course of business and may include, but not be limited to, commercial or contractual disputes with our customers and suppliers, intellectual property matters, personal injury, product liability, environmental and employment claims. These claims may also arise under the Separation and Distribution Agreement we entered into with BorgWarner in connection with the Spin-Off, which allocated responsibility to us for various legacy matters, including certain items that are otherwise unrelated to our business. There is a possibility that any such claims may have an adverse impact on our business that is greater than we anticipate. While we maintain insurance for certain risks, the amount of insurance may not be adequate to cover all insured claims and liabilities. The incurring of significant liabilities for which there is no, or insufficient, insurance coverage could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Compliance with and changes in laws could be costly and could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have operations in multiple countries that can be impacted by expected and unexpected changes in the legal and business environments in which we operate. Compliance-related issues in certain countries associated with laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have internal policies and procedures relating to compliance with such laws; however, there is a risk that such policies and procedures will not always protect us from the improper acts of employees, agents, business partners, joint venture partners, or representatives, particularly in the case of recently acquired operations that may not have significant training in applicable compliance policies and procedures. Violations of these laws, which are complex, may result in criminal penalties, sanctions or fines that could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. 
 Changes that could impact the legal environment include new legislation, regulations, and policies, investigations and legal proceedings, and new interpretations of existing rules and regulations, in particular, changes in import and export control laws or exchange control laws, additional limitations on greenhouse gas emissions or other matters related to the impacts of climate change, and other changes in laws in countries where we operate or intend to operate. 
 Changes in tax laws or tax rates taken by taxing authorities and tax audits or similar processes could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in tax laws or tax rates, the resolution of tax assessments or audits or similar processes by various tax authorities, and the inability to fully utilize our tax loss carryforwards and tax credits could adversely affect our 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may periodically restructure our legal entity organization. If taxing authorities were to disagree with our tax positions in connection with any such restructurings, our effective tax rate could be materially affected. 
 Our tax filings for various periods are subject to audit by the tax authorities in most jurisdictions where we conduct business. We have received tax assessments from various taxing authorities and are currently at varying stages of appeals and/or litigation regarding these matters. These audits may result in assessment of additional taxes that are resolved with the authorities or through the courts. We believe these assessments may occasionally be based on erroneous and even arbitrary interpretations of local tax law. Although Mexico levies value added taxes and customs duties on temporary imports, in the course of the conduct of our manufacturing operations, we generally do not pay that tax due to a special certification, the availability of which depends upon our compliance with certain requirements and regulations, such as maintaining accurate records and providing periodic reports to authorities. We are aware of instances in which we may not have complied with those requirements and regulations and are pursuing voluntary processes with the relevant authorities to reconstruct records, which have resulted and may continue to result in value added taxes being assessed for periods in which we claimed an ability to not make payments and/or in the imposition of penalties, either of which could be material. Any tax liability is ultimately a BorgWarner responsibility under the Tax Matters Agreement to the extent it relates to any period prior to the distribution. To the extent we are unable to comply with those requirements and regulations after the distribution, any consequences would be our responsibility. Resolution of any tax matters involves uncertainties, and there are no assurances that the outcomes will be favorable. 
 Risks Related to Credit and Our Financials 
 Our business and that of our customers and suppliers may be adversely affected by the current credit market environment. 
 Macroeconomic and banking conditions (including uncertainties with respect to financial institutions and the global capital markets) have in the past resulted in and may in the future result in volatile or depressed capital and credit markets and liquidity issues for borrowers, investors, customers, and suppliers. If our customers or suppliers are not successful in generating sufficient revenue or are precluded from securing financing, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts receivable that are owed to us, or may not be able to meet their supply obligations to us, as applicable. Any inability of current and/or potential customers or suppliers to pay us for our products or meet supply obligations to us will adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Similarly, disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit markets, including as a result of a recession, may adversely impact our ability to access previously arranged credit and the availability and cost of credit to us in the future. We expect to access the capital markets to supplement our existing funds and cash generated from operations to satisfy our needs for working capital, to meet capital expenditure and debt service requirements, and for other business initiatives. However, challenging market conditions may limit our ability to replace, in a timely manner, maturing liabilities and access the capital necessary to grow and maintain our business. Accordingly, we may be forced to delay raising capital or pay unattractive interest rates, which could increase our interest expense, decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility, cash flows and market prices of our securities. Longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to liquidity needed for our business. Any disruption could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding for our business needs can be arranged. Such measures could include deferring capital expenditures and reducing or eliminating any planned distributions to shareholders or other discretionary uses of cash. Overall, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by disruptions in the credit markets. 
 Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are subject to periodic impairment evaluations, represent a significant portion of our total assets. An impairment charge on these assets could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets related to acquisitions. We periodically assess these assets to determine if they are impaired. Significant negative industry or macroeconomic trends, disruptions to our business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of the assets, dispositions, and market capitalization declines may impair these assets. 
 We review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment either annually or whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The risk of impairment to goodwill and 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 indefinite-lived intangible assets is higher during the early years following an acquisition. This is because the fair values of these assets align very closely with what was paid to acquire the reporting units to which these assets are assigned. As a result, the difference between the carrying value of the reporting unit and its fair value (typically referred to as headroom is smaller at the time of acquisition. Until this headroom grows over time, due to business growth or lower carrying value of the reporting unit, a relatively small decrease in reporting unit fair value can trigger impairment charges. When impairment charges are triggered, they tend to be material due to the size of the assets involved. Future acquisitions could present similar risks. Any charges relating to such impairments could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations in the periods recognized. 
 Changes in interest rates and asset returns could increase our pension funding obligations, which could reduce our profitability and cash flow and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In connection with the Spin-Off, BorgWarner transferred to us plan assets and obligations primarily associated with our active, retired, and other former BorgWarner employees in certain jurisdictions, and we will provide the benefits directly from the plan assets. The actual assumed net benefit plan obligations and related expenses could change significantly from our estimates. In particular, the valuation of our future payment obligations under these pension plans and the related plan assets is subject to significant adverse changes if the credit and capital markets cause interest rates and projected rates of return to decline. Such declines could also require us to make significant additional contributions to our pension plans in the future. Additionally, a material deterioration in the funded status of the plans could significantly increase our pension expenses and reduce profitability in the future. Each of the foregoing risks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For more information about our pension assets and liabilities, refer to Note 17, Retirement Benefit Plans, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Our Credit Agreement contains restrictive covenants and requirements that could limit our financial and operating flexibility and subject us to other risks. 
 In connection with the Spin-Off and becoming a newly public company, we entered into our Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement includes, and any debt we incur in the future may include, covenants limiting our ability to, among other things, pay cash dividends, redeem or repurchase stock, incur debt or liens, enter into transactions with affiliates, merge, dissolve, repay subordinated indebtedness, make investments and dispose of assets. We are also subject to total net leverage ratio and interest coverage ratio financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. In addition, our Credit Agreement requires, and any future debt may require, us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flows from operations to paying amounts due under the Credit Agreement, thereby reducing funds available for other corporate purposes. Any of these restrictions on our ability to operate could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations by, among other things, limiting our ability to adapt to changing economic, financial or industry conditions and to take advantage of corporate opportunities. Developments in our business or events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial, and industry conditions, could affect our ability to comply with the covenants and other requirements under the Credit Agreement. If we fail to comply with any covenants or other requirements, our lenders under the Credit Agreement may, among other things, terminate their obligation to make advances to us and declare any outstanding obligations immediately due and payable, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to the Spin-Off 
 We may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve from the Spin-Off. 
 We may be unable to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the separation and distribution, or such benefits may be delayed or not occur at all. The Spin-Off was expected to provide various benefits, including allowing us to more effectively focus on our own distinct operating priorities and strategies, enhance our ability to better address specific market dynamics and target innovation, create incentives for our management and employees that align more closely with our business performance and the interests of our stockholders, and articulate a clear investment proposition and tailored capital allocation policy to attract a long-term investor base best suited to our business needs. We may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits in the time we expect, if at all, for a variety of reasons, including: (1) compliance with the requirements of being an independent, publicly traded company will require significant amounts of our management s time and effort, which may divert management s attention from operating and growing our business; (2) we may be more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events than if we were still a part of BorgWarner; (3) our businesses will be less diversified than BorgWarner s businesses prior to the separation; and (4) under the terms of the Tax Matters Agreement, we are restricted from taking certain actions that could cause the Spin-Off or certain related 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 transactions to fail to qualify for their intended tax treatment and these restrictions may limit us for a period of time from pursuing strategic transactions and equity issuances or engaging in other transactions that may increase the value of our business. If we fail to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve as an independent company, or do not achieve them in the time we expect, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 A failure to meet internal control over financial reporting and other requirements to which we are subject following the Spin-Off could make our financial results inaccurate or untimely. 
 As a result of the Spin-Off, we are subject to reporting and other obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). As previously disclosed, the Company did not design and maintain effective controls over the determination and review of the calculation of cumulative translation adjustment in the Company s combined financial statements prepared on a carve-out basis. See Item 9A, Controls and Procedures for additional information. During 2023, we took steps to enhance the Company s internal control over financial reporting in response to the material weakness, and as of December 31, 2023, we concluded that the previously reported material weakness had been remediated. 
 Beginning with the Company s second required Annual Report on Form 10-K, we intend to comply with Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, which will require annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and a report by our independent registered public accounting firm on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, which is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes: maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of the financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that our receipts and expenditures of our assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to, and cannot, provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. If we do not maintain effective internal controls, our independent registered public accounting firm may provide an adverse opinion on our internal control over financial reporting. Furthermore, if we do not maintain effective internal controls, the market price of our common stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources and could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations and potentially harm our reputation with our key stakeholders, including stockholders, employees, customers and suppliers. 
 A delay or inability to transition key infrastructure, services and solutions in connection with the Spin-Off could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Since the Spin-Off, BorgWarner has provided us with certain transition and other services. The services currently provided do not include every service that we have received from BorgWarner in the past, and BorgWarner is only obligated to provide the transition services for limited periods following completion of the Spin-Off. Following the cessation of all transition services agreements, we will need to provide internally, or obtain from unaffiliated third parties, the services we will no longer receive from BorgWarner. 
 We have been installing and implementing information technology infrastructure to support certain of our business functions, including accounting and financial reporting, human resources, legal and compliance, communications, engineering, manufacturing and distribution, and sourcing. We may incur substantially higher costs than currently anticipated as we transition from existing transactional and operational systems and data centers we currently use through BorgWarner. We also may be unable to replace these services in a timely manner or on terms and conditions as favorable as those we receive from BorgWarner. If we are unable to transition effectively, we may incur temporary interruptions in business operations. Any delay in implementing, or operational interruptions suffered while implementing our new information technology infrastructure could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 If the Spin-Off were determined not to qualify as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we could have an indemnification obligation to BorgWarner, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Spin-Off was intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of Sections 368(a)(1)(D) and 355 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (Code). In connection with the Spin-Off, BorgWarner received a written opinion from Ernst Young, LLP to such effect. However, the opinion of Ernst Young, LLP will not be binding on the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) or the courts, and there can be no assurance that the IRS or a court will not take a contrary position. Notwithstanding the opinion of Ernst Young, LLP, the IRS could determine on audit that the Spin-Off or any of certain related transactions is taxable if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations, or undertakings are not correct or have been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinion. If the conclusions expressed in the opinion of Ernst Young, LLP are challenged by the IRS and the IRS prevails in such challenge, the tax consequences of the Spin-Off could be materially less favorable. 
 If, as a result of any of our representations being untrue or our covenants being breached, the Spin-Off were determined not to qualify for its intended tax-free treatment, we could be required by the Tax Matters Agreement to indemnify BorgWarner for the resulting taxes and related expenses. Those amounts could be material. Any such indemnification obligation could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to significant restrictions under the Tax Matters Agreement. 
 To preserve the tax-free nature of the Spin-Off and certain related transactions, we agreed in the Tax Matters Agreement to covenants and indemnification obligations that address compliance with the intended tax-free treatment of the Spin-Off and certain related transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes as well as for state, local and foreign tax purposes. These covenants include certain restrictions on our activity for a period of two years following the Spin-Off. Specifically, we are subject to certain restrictions on our ability to enter into acquisition, merger, liquidation, sale and stock redemption transactions with respect to our stock or assets, and we may be required to indemnify BorgWarner against any resulting tax liabilities even if we do not participate in or otherwise facilitate the acquisition. Furthermore, we are subject to specific restrictions on discontinuing the active conduct of our trade or business, the issuance or sale of stock or other securities (including securities convertible into our stock but excluding certain compensatory arrangements), and sales of assets outside the ordinary course of business. These covenants and indemnification obligations may limit our ability to pursue strategic transactions or engage in new businesses or other transactions that may maximize the value of our business, and might discourage or delay a strategic transaction that our stockholders may consider favorable. 
 We are a smaller company relative to BorgWarner, which could result in increased costs because of a decrease in our purchasing power and make it difficult to maintain existing customer relationships and obtain new customers. 
 Prior to the Spin-Off, we were able to take advantage of BorgWarner s size and purchasing power in procuring goods, technology and services, including insurance, employee benefit support and audit and other professional services. We are a smaller company than BorgWarner, and we cannot assure you that we will have access to financial and other resources comparable to those available to us prior to the Spin-Off. As a standalone company, we may be unable to obtain information technology infrastructure and services, office space, goods, and other services at prices or on terms as favorable as those available to us prior to the Spin-Off or pursuant to the transition services agreement with BorgWarner, which could increase our costs and reduce our profitability. Likewise, we may find it more difficult to attract and retain high-quality employees as a smaller company than we were operating within as a wholly owned subsidiary of BorgWarner, which could impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our future success also depends on our ability to develop and maintain relationships with customers. Our reduced relationship with BorgWarner and our smaller relative size as a result of the Spin-Off may make it more difficult to develop and maintain relationships with customers or recover increased costs or surcharges from customers, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We or BorgWarner may fail to perform under various transaction agreements that have been executed in connection with the separation. 
 In connection with the separation, and prior to the distribution, we and BorgWarner entered into various transaction agreements related to the Spin-Off, pursuant to which both we and BorgWarner have liabilities and performance obligations. All of these agreements also govern our relationship with BorgWarner following the Spin-Off. We rely on BorgWarner to satisfy its performance obligations under these agreements. If we or BorgWarner are unable to 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 satisfy our or its respective obligations under these agreements, including indemnification obligations, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Following the Spin-Off, certain of our employees may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their financial interests in BorgWarner or because of their previous positions with BorgWarner. 
 Because of their former positions with BorgWarner, certain of our executive officers own equity interests in both us and BorgWarner. Continuing ownership of BorgWarner shares could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest if we and BorgWarner face decisions that could have implications for both us and BorgWarner. For example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute between us and BorgWarner regarding the terms of the agreements governing the separation and distribution and our relationship with BorgWarner. Potential conflicts of interest may also arise out of any commercial arrangements that we or BorgWarner may enter into in the future. 
 We have only operated as an independent, publicly traded company since July 3, 2023, and our historical combined financial information is not necessarily representative of the results we would have achieved as an independent, publicly traded company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results. 
 We derived the historical financial information prior to July 3, 2023 included in this Form 10-K from BorgWarner s consolidated financial statements, and this information does not necessarily reflect the results of operations and financial position we would have achieved as an independent, publicly traded company during the periods presented, or those that we will achieve in the future. This is primarily because of the following factors: 
 Prior to the Spin-Off, we operated as part of BorgWarner, and BorgWarner performed various corporate functions for us. Our historical combined financial information reflects allocations of corporate expenses from BorgWarner for these functions. These allocations may not reflect the costs we will incur for similar services in the future as an independent, publicly traded company. 
 We entered into transactions with BorgWarner that did not exist prior to the Spin-Off, such as BorgWarner s provision of transition and other services, and undertook indemnification obligations, which caused us to incur new costs. 
 Our historical combined financial information does not reflect changes that we expect to experience in the future as a result of our separation from BorgWarner, including changes in the financing, cash management, operations, cost structure, and employee needs of our business. As part of BorgWarner, we enjoyed certain benefits from BorgWarner s operating diversity, reputation, size, purchasing power, ability to borrow, and available capital for investments, and we will lose these benefits after the Spin-Off. As an independent entity, we may be unable to purchase goods, services, and technologies, obtain insurance and health care benefits, computer software licenses, or other services or licenses, or access capital markets, on terms as favorable to us as those we obtained as part of BorgWarner prior to the Spin-Off, and our results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, our historical combined financial statements do not include an allocation of interest expense comparable to the interest expense we will incur as a result of the Internal Restructuring and the Spin-Off, including interest expense in connection with our incurrence of indebtedness. 
 Following the Spin-Off, we also face additional costs and demands on management s time associated with being an independent, publicly traded company, including costs and demands related to investor and public relations, public financial reporting and corporate governance, including board of director fees and expenses. For additional information about our past financial performance and the basis of presentation of our historical combined financial statements, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and our historical financial statements and the notes thereto. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 As part of our overall risk management system and processes, we assess, identify and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats through our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process. For a description of cybersecurity risks relevant to our business, see Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 The Company generally approaches cybersecurity threats through a cross-functional, multilayered approach, with the goals of: (i) identifying, preventing and mitigating cybersecurity threats to the Company; (ii) preserving the confidentiality, security and availability of the information we collect and store for use in operating our business; (iii) protecting the Company s intellectual property; (iv) maintaining the confidence of our customers, suppliers, other business partners and employees; and (v) providing appropriate disclosure of cybersecurity risks and incidents when required. Our cybersecurity and data protection policies, processes and strategies are informed by regulatory and business requirements, our prior experience addressing cybersecurity attacks and incidents (including with our former affiliates) and industry practices, and are periodically adjusted based on the results of assessments conducted through our ERM practices, third-party audits and independent reviews, and other processes. 
 Consistent with the Company s ERM practices, our cybersecurity policies, processes and layers of defense focus on the following areas: 
 Vigilance. The Company maintains 24/7 cybersecurity threat surveillance in conjunction with a managed security service that monitors system logs and network traffic for indicators of compromise and other suspicious activity, and conducts monthly external vulnerability assessments and annual penetration testing. 
 System Safeguards. The Company deploys system safeguards that are designed to protect the Company s information systems from cybersecurity threats, including early detection and response antivirus tools, data leak prevention tools and systems, vulnerability scans of data centers, firewalls, and anti-malware functionality and access controls. 
 Third-Party Collaboration. The Company utilizes collaboration mechanisms established with public and private entities, including intelligence and enforcement agencies, industry groups, and third-party service providers, to identify, assess and respond to cybersecurity risks. 
 Third-Party Risk Management. The Company has processes in place for identifying and overseeing cybersecurity risks presented by third-party users of the Company s systems, as well as third-party systems that could adversely impact our business in the event of a cybersecurity incident affecting those systems. 
 Training. The Company requires personnel to complete training regarding cybersecurity threats and incident reporting procedures, which reinforces the Company s information security policies and processes. We also require new hires to complete training regarding cybersecurity threats and acceptable use of our information systems. 
 Incident Response Planning. The Company has established and maintains a cybersecurity incident response plan that outlines an organized and timely approach for responding to and handling security incidents affecting the Company s systems or data, as well as taking appropriate action when the source of the intrusion or incident involved data from a third party. 
 A key part of the Company s strategy for managing risks from cybersecurity threats is the ongoing assessment and testing of the Company s policies and processes through audits, assessments, tabletop exercises, threat modeling, vulnerability testing and other exercises focused on evaluating the effectiveness of our cybersecurity controls and oversight. Third-party audits and independent reviews of our cybersecurity measures, information security control environment and operating effectiveness are conducted on at least an annual basis to assist us with enhancing, implementing and monitoring our cybersecurity risk management programs. 
 As a global company, we have experienced cybersecurity attacks and incidents in the past, and we could in the future experience similar attacks. To date, we have not experienced a cybersecurity incident or attack, or any risk from cybersecurity threats, that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect the Company or our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Governance 
 The Board, in coordination with the Audit Committee, oversees the Company s policies with respect to the assessment and management of risks from cybersecurity threats. The Board and Audit Committee receive regular updates regarding cybersecurity risks from the Company s Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) and Chief Information Officer (CIO), including with respect to the assessment and management of such risks and recent developments, trends and the general threat environment. 
 The Company s cybersecurity team, which is led by our CISO, is responsible for overseeing the Company s cybersecurity and data security operations, programs, policies and processes and their general effectiveness. The cybersecurity team, in coordination with other Incident Response Team members, works collaboratively across the Company to implement a program designed to protect the Company s information systems from cybersecurity threats and to promptly respond to any cybersecurity incident. The Company s Incident Response Team consists of our CISO and other senior leaders from the Company s cybersecurity (composed of information security and technology operations), compliance, legal, financial reporting and other key business and corporate functions. The CISO and other Incident Response Team members monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents in accordance with the incident response plan. The team also informs and coordinates with the Company s Disclosure Committee in timely reporting such incidents, as appropriate and depending on the severity of the incident, to the Strategy Board (consisting of our CEO, Chief Financial Officer (CFO), General Counsel, CIO and other members of management), Audit Committee and Board, and providing updates regarding such incidents until addressed. 
 We have experienced leaders responsible for assessing and managing risks arising from cybersecurity threats. Our CISO reports to the CIO and has served in various roles in information technology and information security for over 28 years, including most recently leading the Information Security Office of BorgWarner Inc. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Physics. The Company s CIO reports to our CEO and has served in various roles in information technology and information security for over 25 years, including most recently as CIO of Gentherm Incorporated. Our CIO holds a Bachelor of Science in Business, with a concentration in Computer Information Systems, and an MBA in Finance and Strategic Management. He is also a Digital Directors Network (DDN) Boardroom Certified Qualified Technology Expert (QTE). In addition, the Company s CEO, CFO and General Counsel each have experience overseeing the management of cybersecurity and other risks similar to those impacting the Company s business. 

Item 2. Properties 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had 24 principal manufacturing, assembly and technical facilities worldwide, including our global headquarters and excluding unconsolidated joint venture and administrative offices. Our global headquarters is located in a leased facility in Auburn Hills, Michigan. In general, we believe our facilities to be suitable and adequate to meet our current and reasonably anticipated needs and do not anticipate difficulty in renewing existing leases as they expire or finding alternative facilities. 
 The Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates operate principal manufacturing, assembly and technical facilities in the following regions: 
 Americas Europe Asia Total Number of principal manufacturing, assembly and technical facilities (1) 
 8 10 6 24 
 ___________ 
 (1) Excludes unconsolidated joint venture and administrative offices. 
 Of the 24 facilities, 16 are leased sites, four of which contain Company-owned building and infrastructure with land lease contracts. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 In the ordinary course of its business, the Company is involved in a number of lawsuits and claims, both actual and potential. Proceedings that were previously disclosed may no longer be reported because, as a result of rulings in the case, settlements, changes in our business, or other developments, in our judgment, they are no longer material to the Company s business, financial position or results of operations. See Note 20, Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 SEC regulations require disclosure of certain environmental matters when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings and such proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions that the Company reasonably believes will exceed a specified threshold. Pursuant to these regulations, the Company uses a threshold of 1 million for purposes of determining whether disclosure of any such proceedings is required. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The Company s common stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol PHIN. As of February 23, 2024, there were 1,262 holders of record of common stock. 
 While the Company currently expects that quarterly cash dividends will continue to be paid in the future at levels comparable to recent historical levels, the dividend policy is subject to review and change at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 
 The line graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return on the Company s Common Stock with the cumulative total return of companies on the Standard Poor s (S P) 600 Stock Index and S P s 600 Automotive Parts Equipment Index since the date the Company s stock began trading (July 5, 2023). 
 COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 ___________ 
 100 invested on July 5, 2023 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. 
 July 5, 2023 December 31, 2023 PHINIA Inc. 100 84 S P 600 Index 100 110 S P 600 Automotive Parts Equipment Index 100 98 
 Sale of Unregistered Securities 
 On February 16, 2023, the Company issued 100 shares of its common stock to BorgWarner pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. We did not register the issuance of the issued shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, because such issuance did not constitute a public offering. In consideration of these shares, BorgWarner contributed to PHINIA certain assets of BorgWarner s Fuel Systems and Aftermarket businesses. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides information about the Company s purchases of its equity securities that are registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act during the quarter ended December 31, 2023: 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under plans or programs (in millions) (2) 
 October 1, 2023 - October 31, 2023 Common Stock Repurchase Program 141 November 1, 2023 - November 30, 2023 Common Stock Repurchase Program 425,148 25.87 425,148 130 December 1, 2023 - December 31, 2023 Common Stock Repurchase Program 150,428 26.59 150,428 126 Employee transactions (1) 
 42,017 30.29 
 (1) An aggregate of 42,017 shares of the Company s common stock were withheld by the Company in connection with employees payment of taxes associated with the vesting of their restricted stock units granted under the PHINIA Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 (2) On August 31, 2023, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a 150 million share repurchase program. As of December 31, 2023, 126 million remained available for repurchase under this authorization. Repurchases under this program may be made using a variety of methods, which may include open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, or pursuant to one or more accelerated stock repurchase programs or Rule 10b5-1 plans in compliance with SEC requirements. The exact amount and timing of any purchases will depend on a number of factors, including trading price, trading volume, and general market conditions. The repurchase program has no expiration date and may be suspended, discontinued, or resumed at any time. Repurchased shares will be deemed common stock held in treasury and may subsequently be reissued. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 INTRODUCTION 
 PHINIA is a leader in the development, design and manufacture of integrated components and systems that are designed to optimize performance, increase efficiency and reduce emissions in combustion and hybrid propulsion for commercial vehicles and industrial applications (medium-duty and heavy-duty trucks, buses and other off-highway construction, marine, agricultural and industrial applications) and light vehicles (passenger cars, trucks, vans and sport-utility vehicles). We are a global supplier to most major OEMs seeking to meet and exceed increasingly stringent global regulatory requirements and satisfy consumer demands for an enhanced user experience. Additionally, we offer a wide range of OES solutions and remanufactured products as well as an expanded range of products for the independent (non-OEM) aftermarket. 
 Transition to Standalone Company 
 On December 6, 2022, BorgWarner announced plans for the complete legal and structural separation of its Fuel Systems and Aftermarket businesses by the spin-off of its wholly-owned subsidiary, PHINIA, which was formed on February 9, 2023. 
 On July 3, 2023, BorgWarner completed the Spin-Off in a transaction intended to qualify as tax-free to the Company s stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which was accomplished by the distribution of the outstanding common stock of PHINIA to holders of record of common stock of BorgWarner on a pro rata basis. Each holder of record of BorgWarner common stock received one share of PHINIA common stock for every five shares of BorgWarner common stock held on June 23, 2023, the record date. In lieu of fractional shares of PHINIA, BorgWarner stockholders received cash. As a result of these transactions, all of the assets, liabilities, and legal entities comprising BorgWarner s Fuel Systems and Aftermarket businesses are now owned directly, or indirectly through its subsidiaries, by PHINIA. PHINIA is an independent public company trading under the symbol PHIN on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Key Trends and Economic Factors 
 Commodities and Other Inflationary Impacts. Prices for commodities remain volatile, and since the beginning of 2021, the Company s business has experienced price increases for base metals (e.g., steel, aluminum and nickel) 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 and precious metals (e.g., palladium). In addition, many global economies are experiencing elevated levels of inflation more generally, which is driving an increase in other input costs. As a result, the Company has experienced, and is continuing to experience, higher costs. 
 In 2023, following non-contractual negotiations, the Company reached agreement for the pass through and recovery of higher costs with various customers. These agreements did not enable the Company to recover 100 percent of its increased costs, and as a result, the Company s operating margins have been negatively impacted. 

Outlook 
 We expect strong earnings and cash generation in 2024 as we continue to drive operational efficiencies, exit agreements with our Former Parent and grow our Aftermarket sales. On the original equipment (OE) side, industry-wide commercial vehicle (CV) volumes in 2024 are expected to decline mid to high single digits percent in North America and Europe, while other global CV markets are expected to be flat. Global light vehicle (LV) volumes are expected to be slightly down with engine production declining approximately 4 . Assuming constant foreign exchange rates, in 2024 PHINIA expects modest year-over-year growth driven by higher Aftermarket segment sales. 
 The Company maintains a positive long-term outlook for its global business and is committed to new product development and strategic investments to enhance its product leadership strategy. There are several trends that are driving the Company s long-term growth that management expects to continue, including market share expansion in the CV market, increased overall vehicle parc driving that supports aftermarket demand, adoption of product offerings enabling renewable fuels and hydrogen solutions for combustion vehicles to serve as a viable alternative to electrification or fuel cell solutions and increasingly stringent global emissions standards that support demand for the Company s products driving efficiency and reduced emissions. In addition, we believe we are well positioned to continue to expand differentiated offerings in electronics, software and complete systems capabilities. 
 Relationship with BorgWarner 
 Historically, we have relied on BorgWarner to provide various corporate functions. Following the Spin-Off, BorgWarner does not provide us with assistance other than the limited transition and other services described under Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions in our Information Statement furnished with the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12B/A filed on June 9, 2023. BorgWarner is only obligated to provide the transition services for limited periods following completion of the Spin-Off. Following the Spin-Off and the cessation of any transition services agreements, we will need to provide internally, or obtain from unaffiliated third parties, the services we will no longer receive from BorgWarner. We may be unable to replace these services in a timely manner or on terms and conditions as favorable as those we receive from BorgWarner. The Company entered into several agreements with BorgWarner that govern the relationship between the parties following the Spin-Off and are described in our Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023. 
 
 In connection with the Spin-Off, we have been installing and implementing information technology infrastructure to support certain of our business functions, including accounting and financial reporting, human resources, legal and compliance, communications, engineering, manufacturing and distribution, and sourcing. We may incur substantially higher costs than currently anticipated as we transition from the existing BorgWarner transactional and operational systems and data centers we currently use. If we are unable to transition effectively, we may incur temporary interruptions in business operations. Any delay in implementing, or operational interruptions suffered while implementing, our new information technology infrastructure could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 A detailed comparison of the Company s 2021 operating results to its 2022 operating results can be found in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section in the Company s final Information Statement filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 13, 2023. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents a summary of the Company s 2023 and 2022 operating results: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions, except per share data) 2023 2022 Net sales of net sales of net sales Fuel Systems 2,407 68.8 2,293 68.5 Aftermarket 1,329 38.0 1,284 38.4 Inter-segment eliminations (236) (6.7) (229) (6.8) Total net sales 3,500 100.0 3,348 100.0 Cost of sales 2,776 79.3 2,627 78.5 Gross profit 724 20.7 721 21.5 Selling, general and administrative expenses 413 11.8 407 12.2 Restructuring expense 12 0.3 11 0.3 Other operating expense (income), net 58 1.7 (15) (0.4) Operating income 241 6.9 318 9.5 Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax (10) (0.3) (11) (0.3) Interest expense 56 1.6 20 0.6 Interest income (13) (0.4) (6) (0.2) Other postretirement loss (income) 2 0.1 (32) (1.0) Earnings before income taxes 
 206 5.9 347 10.4 Provision for income taxes 104 3.0 85 2.5 Net earnings 102 2.9 262 7.8 Earnings per share diluted 2.17 5.57 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 totaled 3,500 million, an increase of 152 million, or 5 , from the year ended December 31, 2022. The change in net sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 was primarily driven by the following: 
 Customer pricing increased net sales by approximately 64 million. This includes an increase of approximately 57 million related to recoveries from the Company s customers for cost inflation arising from non-contractual commercial negotiations with those customers and normal contractual customer commodity pass-through arrangements. 
 Favorable volume, mix and net new business increased sales by approximately 56 million or 2 . This increase was primarily driven by higher demand for the Company s products, partially offset by lower commercial vehicle sales in China. 
 Sales increased 50 million related to certain contract manufacturing agreements with Former Parent that were entered into in connection with the Spin-Off. Sales from these agreements are expected to continue through 2024. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year decrease in sales of approximately 18 million primarily due to the weakening of the Chinese Renminbi relative to the U.S. Dollar, slightly offset by the strengthening of the Euro and British Pound relative to the U.S. Dollar. 
 
 Cost of sales and gross profit 
 Cost of sales and cost of sales as a percentage of net sales were 2,776 million and 79.3 , respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to 2,627 million and 78.5 , respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022. The change in cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 was primarily driven by the following: 
 Higher sales volume, mix and net new business increased cost of sales by approximately 50 million. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of sales increased 50 million related to certain contract manufacturing agreements with Former Parent that were entered into in connection with the Spin-Off. 
 Cost of sales was also impacted by higher supplier-related and inflationary costs of approximately 49 million, primarily driven by 87 million non-contractual commercial negotiations with the Company s suppliers and normal contractual supplier commodity pass-through arrangements partially offset by 30 million of net supply chain savings initiatives and other savings of 8 million. 
 Other manufacturing costs increased cost of sales by 13 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year decrease in cost of sales of approximately 13 million primarily due to the weakening of the Chinese Renminbi relative to the U.S. Dollar, slightly offset by the strengthening of the Euro relative to the U.S. Dollar. 
 Gross profit and gross margin were 724 million and 20.7 , respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 721 million and 21.5 , respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in gross margin was primarily due to the factors discussed above. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative (SG A) expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 were 413 million as compared to 407 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. SG A expenses as a percentage of net sales were 11.8 and 12.2 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The change in SG A expenses was primarily attributable to: 
 Employee-related costs were 138 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, an increase of 35 million, primarily related to additional corporate costs incurred as a stand-alone Company, incentive compensation and inflation. 
 IT costs incurred directly by the Company were 33 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, an increase of 6 million. 
 Research and development (R D) costs were 108 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, an increase of 4 million. R D costs, net of customer reimbursements, were 3.1 of net sales in the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to 3.1 of net sales in the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company will continue to invest in R D programs, which are necessary to support short- and long-term growth. The Company s current long-term expectation for R D spending is 3 of net sales. 
 Intangible amortization expense was 28 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 General expense allocations from BorgWarner, which ended subsequent to the Spin-off, were 16 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, a decrease of 37 million. 
 Other SG A expenses were 90 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, a decrease of 2 million . 
 Restructuring expense was 12 million and 11 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, primarily related to employee benefit costs. Refer to Note 3 Restructuring to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information. 
 Other operating expense (income), net was expense of 58 million and income of 15 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Other Operating Expense (Income), Net was comprised of the following: 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, separation and transaction costs were 80 million and 31 million, respectively, primarily related to professional fees associated with the Spin-Off. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized royalty income related to licensing of the Delphi Technologies trade name and product-related intellectual properties to other BorgWarner businesses in the amount of 17 million and 31 million, respectively. These royalty arrangements have not continued subsequent to the completion of the Spin-Off. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized income related to application testing and other R D services for other BorgWarner businesses of 2 million and 11 million, respectively. These services have not continued subsequent to the completion of the Spin-Off. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company recorded expense of 5 million related to the closure of operations in Russia, primarily for the impairment of an intangible asset related to this business. 
 Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax was 10 million and 11 million in the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. This line item is driven by the results of the Company s unconsolidated joint venture. 
 Interest expense was 56 million and 20 million in the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase was primarily related to the issuance of our Term Loan A Facility and Term Loan B Facility (each as defined below), as well as interest incurred on the drawdown of the Revolving Facility (as defined below). 
 Interest income was 13 million and 6 million in the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase was primarily due to increased cash and cash equivalents balances, as well as higher interest rates on cash and cash equivalents balances. 
 Other postretirement loss (income) was a loss of 2 million and income of 32 million in the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The decrease in other postretirement loss (income) for the year ended December 31, 2023 was primarily due to higher interest and inflationary costs in 2023. 
 Provision for income taxes was 104 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 resulting in an effective tax rate of 50 . This compared to 85 million or 24 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company s effective tax rate increased compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of a change in the jurisdictional mix of pre-tax earnings, most notably an increase in pre-tax losses where no tax benefit is recognized. In addition, the Company recognized increases in its U.S. taxes on foreign earnings based on the post Spin-Off structure. During 2023, the Company recognized discrete tax benefits of 2 million, primarily due to structural changes concluded in the fourth quarter. 
 During 2022, the Company recognized discrete tax benefits of 7 million, primarily due to certain unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest related to a matter for which the statute of limitations had lapsed. 
 For further details, see Note 6, Income Taxes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form10-K. 
 Adjusted earnings per diluted share 
 The Company defines adjusted net earnings per diluted share as net earnings per share adjusted to exclude the tax-effected impact of restructuring expense, separation and transaction costs, intangible asset amortization, impairment charges, other net expenses, and other gains, losses and tax amounts not reflective of the Company s ongoing operations. Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Net earnings per diluted share 2.17 5.57 Separation and transaction costs 1.57 0.66 Intangibles amortization expense 0.53 0.60 Restructuring expense 0.19 0.23 Royalty income from Former Parent (0.36) (0.66) Asset impairments and lease modifications 0.11 Tax adjustments 0.03 Adjusted net earnings per diluted share 4.13 6.51 
 Results by Reportable Segment 
 The Company s business is aggregated into two reportable segments: Fuel Systems and Aftermarket. 
 Segment Adjusted Operating Income (AOI) is the measure of segment income or loss used by the Company. Segment AOI is comprised of segment operating income adjusted for restructuring, separation and transaction costs, intangible asset amortization expense, impairment charges and other items not reflective of ongoing 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 operating income or loss. The Company believes Segment AOI is most reflective of the operational profitability or loss of its reportable segments. 
 Segment AOI excludes certain corporate costs, which primarily represent corporate expenses not directly attributable to the individual segments. Corporate expenses not allocated to Segment AOI were 64 million and 79 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The decrease in corporate expenses in 2023 is primarily due to lower allocations from BorgWarner prior to the completion of the Spin-Off. 
 The following table presents net sales and Segment AOI for the Company s reportable segments: Year Ended December 31, 2023 Year Ended December 31, 2022 (in millions) Net sales to customers Segment AOI margin Net sales to customers Segment AOI margin Fuel Systems 2,177 215 9.9 2,072 252 12.2 Aftermarket 1,323 196 14.8 1,276 191 15.0 Totals 3,500 411 3,348 443 
 The Fuel Systems segment s net sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased 105 million, or 5 , and Segment AOI decreased 37 million, or 14.7 , from the year ended December 31, 2022. Foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year decrease in sales of approximately 18 million primarily due to the weakening of the Chinese Renminbi, partially offset by the strengthening of the Euro and British Pound relative to the U.S. Dollar. The increase excluding the impact of foreign currencies was primarily due to approximately 43 million from non-contractual commercial negotiations with the Company s customers and normal contractual customer commodity pass-through arrangements, 50 million related to certain contract manufacturing agreements with BorgWarner, and approximately 30 million of volume, mix and net new business driven by higher weighted average market production compared to the prior year. Segment Adjusted Operating margin was 9.9 in the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to 12.2 in the year ended December 31, 2022. The Segment Adjusted Operating margin decrease was primarily due to product mix and higher supplier costs. 
 The Aftermarket segment s net sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased 47 million, or 4 , and Segment AOI increased 5 million, or 2.6 , from the year ended December 31, 2022. Foreign currencies did not have a significant impact on year-over-year sales. The increase was primarily due to approximately 26 million of volume, mix and net new business driven by increased demand for the Company s products and approximately 21 million of pricing. Segment Adjusted Operating margin was 14.8 in the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to 15.0 in the year ended December 31, 2022. The Segment Adjusted Operating margin decreased slightly primarily due to inflationary cost increases. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Borrowing Facilities and Long-Term Debt 
 On July 3, 2023, the Company entered into a 1.225 billion Credit Agreement consisting of a 500 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility ), a 300 million Term Loan A Facility (the Term Loan A Facility and a 425 million Term Loan B Facility (the Term Loan B Facility together with the Revolving Facility and the Term Loan A Facility, collectively, the Facilities in connection with the Spin-Off that occurred on the same date. Subject to extension by the lenders, at their option, upon the Company s request, the Facilities mature on July 3, 2028; [provided, however, that if earlier, the Revolving Facility and the Term Loan A Facility will mature 91 calendar days prior to the scheduled maturity of the Term Loan B Facility or any refinancing or replacement thereof in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 100 million that is secured pari passu with the Revolving Facility and the Term Loan A Facility and matures on or prior to July 3, 2028. 
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at varying rates, depending on the type of loan and, in some cases, the rates of designated benchmarks and the Company s related election. For borrowings under the Credit Agreement, the Company may choose among the following interest rates: (i) solely in the case of U.S. dollar-denominated loans, an interest rate equal to the highest of (1) the prime rate in effect from time to time, (2) the federal funds effective rate in effect from time to time plus 0.5 , (3) adjusted term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (which includes a 0.10 credit spread adjustment to term SOFR) for a one month interest period plus 1.00 , and (4) 1.00 , in each case plus a rate (x) with respect to the Revolving Facility and the Term Loan A Facility, ranging from 1.50 to 2.00 depending on the Company s consolidated net leverage ratio or (y) with respect to the Term Loan B Facility, 3.00 ; or (ii) an interest rate equal to (1) solely in the case of U.S. dollar- 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 denominated loans, adjusted term SOFR, (2) solely in the case of euro-denominated loans, Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), or (3) solely in the case of pound sterling-denominated loans, adjusted Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate (SONIA) (which includes a 0.0326 credit spread adjustment to SONIA), as applicable, in each case for the applicable interest period plus a rate (x) with respect to adjusted term SOFR for the Revolving Facility and the Term Loan A Facility, EURIBOR and SONIA, ranging from 2.50 to 3.00 depending on our consolidated net leverage ratio, and (y) with respect to adjusted term SOFR for the Term Loan B Facility, 4.00 . Additionally, the Company will pay a quarterly commitment fee based on the actual daily amount of the available Revolving Facility commitment. 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had 75 million of outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Facility. The Credit Agreement contains customary covenants relating to us and our subsidiaries concerning, among other things, investments, dispositions of assets, indebtedness, liens on assets, and dividends and other distributions. Solely in respect of the Revolving Facility and the Term Loan A Facility, the Credit Agreement also contains financial covenants requiring (i) the consolidated net leverage ratio of the Company, determined as of the end of each fiscal quarter, not to exceed 3.00 to 1.00 (or, at our election and subject to certain conditions, 3.50 to 1.00 for the period in which such election is made and the next succeeding testing period and, thereafter, 3.25 to 1.00 for the next two succeeding testing periods) and (ii) the consolidated interest coverage ratio of the Company, determined as of the end of each fiscal quarter, to be at least 3.00 to 1.00. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of December 31, 2023. 
 Other Sources of Liquidity and Capital 
 To manage liquidity and fund operations prior to the Spin-Off, we participated in BorgWarner s cash pooling arrangements and BorgWarner has participated in our cash pooling arrangements. Any balances owed to the Company from BorgWarner as a result of these cash arrangements that were anticipated to be settled in cash were reflected as Receivables, net and Investments and long-term receivables. Any balances due from the Company to BorgWarner as a result of these cash arrangements that were anticipated to be settled in cash were reflected as Other non-current liabilities. Certain other cash pooling balances that were not anticipated to be settled in cash are presented within Former Parent investment in our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 We utilize certain arrangements with various financial institutions to sell eligible trade receivables from certain customers in North America and Europe. We may terminate any or all of these arrangements at any time subject to prior written notice. While we do not depend on these arrangements for our liquidity, if we elected to terminate these arrangements, there would be a one-time unfavorable timing impact on the collection of the outstanding receivables. 
 As of December 31, 2023 the Company had cash and cash equivalent balance of 365 million, of which 347 million was held by our subsidiaries outside of the United States. We believe our existing cash and cash flows generated from operations and indebtedness incurred in conjunction with the Spin-Off discussed below will be responsive to the needs of our current and planned operations for at least the next 12 months and the foreseeable future thereafter. 
 On August 31, 2023 and November 15, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors declared quarterly cash dividends of 0.25 per share of common stock. These dividends were paid on September 22, 2023 and December 15, 2023, respectively. On February 1, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors declared quarterly cash dividends of 0.25 per share of common stock, payable on March 15, 2024. 
 The Company has a credit rating of BB+ from Standard Poor's and Ba1 from Moody's. The current outlook from both Standard Poor s and Moody s is stable. None of the Company s debt agreements require accelerated repayment in the event of a downgrade in credit ratings. 
 Cash Flows 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 250 million and 303 million in the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared with the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily due to lower net earnings, partially offset by improved working capital. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 150 million and 105 million in the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As a percentage of sales, capital expenditures were 4.3 and 3.2 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 20 million during the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to net cash used in financing activities of 185 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. Net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2023 was primarily related to external borrowings, largely offset by payments to Former Parent. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The Company s significant cash requirements for contractual obligations as of December 31, 2023, primarily consisted of the principal and interest payments on its notes payable and long-term debt, non-cancelable lease obligations, and capital spending obligations. The principal amount of revolving credit facility, notes payable and long-term debt was 822 million as of December 31, 2023. The projected interest payments over the terms of that debt were 343 million as of December 31, 2023. Refer to Note 13, Notes Payable and Debt, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information. 
 As of December 31, 2023, non-cancelable lease obligations were 70 million. Refer to Note 21, Leases and Commitments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information. Capital spending obligations were 48 million as of December 31, 2023. 
 Management believes that the combination of cash from operations, cash balances, and available credit facilities will be sufficient to satisfy the Company s cash needs for its current level of operations and its planned operations for the foreseeable future. Management will continue to balance the Company s needs for organic growth, inorganic growth, debt reduction, cash conservation and return of cash to shareholders. 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Employee Benefits 
 The Company s policy is to fund its defined benefit pension plans in accordance with applicable government regulations and to make additional contributions when appropriate. At December 31, 2023, all legal funding requirements had been met. The Company contributed 5 million and 3 million to its defined benefit pension plans in the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 The Company expects to contribute a total of 4 million to 8 million into its defined benefit pension plans during 2024. Of the 4 million to 8 million in projected 2024 contributions, 2 million are contractually obligated, while any remaining payments would be discretionary. 
 The funded status of all pension plans was a net unfunded position of 133 million and 79 million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in the net unfunded position was a result of lower asset returns, partially offset by higher discount rates. 
 The Company believes it will be able to fund the requirements of these plans through cash generated from operations or other available sources of financing for the foreseeable future. 
 Refer to Note 17, Retirement Benefit Plans, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information regarding costs and assumptions for employee retirement benefits. 

OTHER MATTERS 
 Contingencies 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is party to various commercial and legal claims, actions and complaints, including matters involving warranty claims, intellectual property claims, general liability and other risks. It is not possible to predict with certainty whether or not the Company will ultimately be successful in any of these commercial and legal matters or, if not, what the impact might be. The Company s management does not expect that an adverse outcome in any of these commercial and legal claims, actions and complaints that are currently pending will have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, financial position or cash flows. An adverse outcome could, nonetheless, be material to the results of operations or cash flows. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). In preparing these financial statements, management has made its best estimates and judgments of certain amounts included in the financial statements, giving due consideration to materiality. Critical accounting policies are those that are most important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results of operations. Some of these policies require management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments in the preparation of the financial statements and accompanying notes. Management makes estimates and assumptions about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain, relating to the reporting of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The Company s most critical accounting policies are discussed below. 
 Impairment of long-lived assets, including definite-lived intangible assets The Company reviews the carrying value of its long-lived assets, whether held for use or disposal, including other amortizing intangible assets, when events and circumstances warrant such a review under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 360. In assessing long-lived assets for an impairment loss, assets are grouped with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. In assessing long-lived assets for impairment, management generally considers individual facilities to be the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent. A recoverability review is performed using the undiscounted cash flows if there is a triggering event. If the undiscounted cash flow test for recoverability identifies a possible impairment, management will perform a fair value analysis. Management determines fair value under ASC Topic 820 using the appropriate valuation technique of market, income or cost approach. If the carrying value of a long-lived asset is considered impaired, an impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. 
 Management believes that the estimates of future cash flows and fair value assumptions are reasonable; however, changes in assumptions underlying these estimates could affect the valuations. Significant judgments and estimates used by management when evaluating long-lived assets for impairment include (1) an assessment as to whether an adverse event or circumstance has triggered the need for an impairment review; (2) undiscounted future cash flows generated by the asset; and (3) fair valuation of the asset. Events and conditions that could result in impairment in the value of long-lived assets include changes in the industries in which the Company operates, particularly the impact of a downturn in the global economy, as well as competition and advances in technology, adverse changes in the regulatory environment, or other factors leading to reduction in expected long-term sales or profitability. 
 Goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets The Company s goodwill is tested for impairment annually in the fourth quarter for all reporting units, and more frequently if events or circumstances warrant such a review. The Company first assesses qualitative factors, such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, relevant events and financial trends, that may impact a reporting unit's fair value. Using this qualitative assessment, the Company determines whether it is more-likely-than-not the reporting unit's fair value exceeds its carrying value. If it is determined that it is not more-likely-than-not the reporting unit's fair value exceeds the carrying value, or upon consideration of other factors, including recent acquisition, restructuring or disposal activity or to refresh the fair values, the Company performs a quantitative goodwill impairment analysis. In addition, the Company may test goodwill in between annual test dates if an event occurs or circumstances change that could more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. 
 The Company has definite-lived intangible assets related to developed technology and customer relationships. The Company amortizes definite-lived intangible assets over their estimated useful lives. The Company also has intangible assets related to acquired trade names that are classified as indefinite-lived when there are no foreseeable limits on the periods of time over which they are expected to contribute cash flows. Costs to renew or extend the term of acquired intangible assets are recognized as expense as incurred. 
 Similar to goodwill, the Company can elect to perform the impairment test for indefinite-lived intangibles other than goodwill (trade names) using a qualitative analysis, considering similar factors as outlined in the goodwill discussion in order to determine if it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the intangibles are less than the respective carrying values. If the Company elects to perform or is required to perform a quantitative analysis, the test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to the carrying value of the asset as of the impairment testing date. The Company estimates the fair value of indefinite-lived intangibles using the relief-from-royalty method, which it believes is an appropriate and widely used valuation technique for such assets. The fair value derived from the relief-from-royalty method is measured as the discounted cash flow savings realized from owning such trade names and not being required to pay a royalty for their use. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Refer to Note 11, Goodwill and Other Intangibles, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information regarding goodwill. 
 Product warranties The Company provides warranties on some, but not all, of its products sold to OEMs. The warranty terms are typically from one to three years. Provisions for estimated expenses related to product warranty are made at the time products are sold. These estimates are established using historical information about the nature, frequency and average cost of warranty claim settlements as well as product manufacturing and industry developments and recoveries from third parties. Management actively studies trends of warranty claims and takes action to improve product quality and minimize warranty claims. Costs of product recalls, which may include the cost of the product being replaced as well as the customer s cost of the recall, including labor to remove and replace the recalled part, are accrued as part of the Company s warranty accrual at the time an obligation becomes probable and can be reasonably estimated. Management believes that the warranty accrual is appropriate; however, actual claims incurred could differ from the original estimates, requiring adjustments to the accrual: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2023 2022 Net sales 3,500 3,348 Warranty provision 41 41 Warranty provision as a percentage of net sales 1.2 1.2 
 The sensitivity to a 25 basis-point change (as a percentage of net sales) in the assumed warranty trend on the Company s accrued warranty liability was approximately 9 million. 
 At December 31, 2023, the total accrued warranty liability was 56 million. The accrual is represented as 30 million in Other current liabilities and 26 million in Other non-current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Refer to Note 12, Product Warranty, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information regarding product warranties. 
 Pension The Company provides pension benefits to a number of its current and former employees. The Company s defined benefit pension plans are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 715. The determination of the Company s obligation and expense for its pension is dependent on certain assumptions used by actuaries in calculating such amounts. Certain assumptions, including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rate and rates of increase in compensation are described in Note 18, Retirement Benefit Plans, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. The effects of any modification to those assumptions, or actual results that differ from assumptions used, are either recognized immediately or amortized over future periods in accordance with GAAP. 
 The primary assumptions affecting the Company s accounting for employee benefits under ASC Topic 715 as of December 31, 2023 are as follows: 
 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets : The expected long-term rate of return is used in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost. The required use of the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets may result in recognized returns that are greater or less than the actual returns on those plan assets in any given year. Over time, however, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is designed to approximate actual earned long-term returns. The expected long-term rate of return for pension assets has been determined based on various inputs, including historical returns for the different asset classes held by the Company s trusts and its asset allocation, as well as inputs from internal and external sources regarding expected capital market return, inflation and other variables. The Company also considers the impact of active management of the plans invested assets. In determining its pension expense for the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company used long-term rates of return on plan assets ranging from 2.3 to 7.8 . 
 Actual returns on U.K. pension assets were 2.4 and (35.3) for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, compared to the expected rate of return assumption of 5.5 and 4.3 , respectively, for the same years ended. 
 Discount rate : The discount rate is used to calculate pension obligations. In determining the discount rate, the Company utilizes a full-yield approach in the estimation of service and interest components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. For its significant plans, the Company used discount rates ranging from 2.0 to 23.3 to determine its pension obligations as of December 31, 2023, including weighted average discount rates of 5.0 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 (including 4.6 in the U.K.). The U.K. discount rate reflects the fact that the pension plan has been closed for new participants. 
 While the Company believes that these assumptions are appropriate, significant differences in actual experience or significant changes in these assumptions may materially affect the Company's pension and its future expense. 
 The sensitivity to a 25 basis-point change in the assumptions for discount rate related to 2023 pre-tax pension expense for Company sponsored pension plans is expected to be negligible. 
 The following table illustrates the sensitivity to a change in assumptions for expected rate of return on assets related to 2023 pre-tax pension expense and on its pension obligations for Company sponsored pension plans: 
 (in millions) Impact on expected return on plan assets Impact on PBO 25 basis point decrease in discount rate 2 31 25 basis point increase in discount rate (2) (29) 
 Refer to Note 17, Retirement Benefit Plans, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information regarding the Company s retirement benefit plans. 
 Income taxes The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance ASC Topic 740 (ASC 740). Income taxes as presented in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements have been allocated in a manner that is systematic, rational, and consistent with the broad principles of ASC 740. For periods ended on or prior to July 3, 2023, the Company s operations have been included in the Former Parent s U.S. federal consolidated tax return, certain foreign tax returns, and certain state tax returns. For the purposes of these financial statements, the Company s income tax provision was computed as if the Company filed separate tax returns (i.e., as if the Company had not been included in the consolidated income tax return group with the Former Parent). The separate-return method applies ASC 740 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of each member of a consolidated tax group as if the group member were a separate taxpayer. As a result, actual tax transactions included in the consolidated financial statements of the Former Parent may not be included in these Consolidated Financial Statements. Further, the Company s tax results as presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements may not be reflective of the results that the Company expects to generate in the future. Also, the tax treatment of certain items reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements may not be reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements and tax returns of the Former Parent. Items such as net operating losses, other deferred taxes, income taxes payable, liabilities for uncertain tax positions and valuation allowances may exist in the Consolidated Financial Statements that may or may not exist in the Former Parent s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For periods subsequent to July 3, 2023, these items are reported based on tax filings and tax attributes of the Company s legal entities. Indemnification assets and liabilities have been reported for amounts payable to or recoverable from the Former Parent under the Tax Matters Agreement for taxes associated with the period prior to the Spin-Off. The Tax Matters Agreement generally governs our and the Former Parent s respective rights, responsibilities and obligations after the distribution with respect to taxes for any tax period ending on or before the distribution date, as well as tax periods beginning before and ending after the distribution date. Generally, the Former Parent is liable for all pre-distribution U.S. income taxes, foreign income taxes, certain non-income taxes attributable to our business, and liabilities for taxes that were incurred as a result of restructuring activities undertaken to effectuate the separation. The Company is generally liable for all other taxes attributable to its business. 
 In accordance with ASC 740, the Company s income tax expense is calculated based on expected income and statutory tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which the Company operates and requires the use of management s estimates and judgments. Accounting for income taxes is complex, in part because the Company conducts business globally and, therefore, files income tax returns in numerous tax jurisdictions. Management judgment is required in determining the Company s worldwide provision for income taxes and recording the related assets and liabilities, including accruals for unrecognized tax benefits and assessing the need for valuation allowances. 
 The determination of accruals for unrecognized tax benefits includes the application of complex tax laws in a multitude of jurisdictions across the Company s global operations. Management judgment is required in determining the gross unrecognized tax benefits related liabilities. In the ordinary course of the Company s business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is less than certain. Accruals for unrecognized tax benefits are established when, despite the belief that tax positions are supportable, there remain certain positions that do not meet the minimum probability threshold, which is a tax position that is more-likely-than- 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority. The Company has certain U.S. state income tax returns and certain non-U.S. income tax returns that are currently under various stages of audit by applicable tax authorities. At December 31, 2023, the Company had a liability for tax positions the Company estimates are not more-likely-than-not to be sustained based on the technical merits, which is included in other non-current liabilities. Nonetheless, the amounts ultimately paid, if any, upon resolution of the issues raised by the taxing authorities may differ materially from the amounts accrued for each year. 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. 
 The Company records valuation allowances to reduce the carrying value of deferred tax assets to amounts that it expects are more-likely-than-not to be realized. The Company assesses existing deferred tax assets, net operating losses, and tax credits by jurisdiction and expectations of its ability to utilize these tax attributes through a review of past, current and estimated future taxable income and tax planning strategies. 
 Estimates of future taxable income, including income generated from prudent and feasible tax planning strategies resulting from actual or planned business and operational developments, could change in the near term, perhaps materially, which may require the Company to consider any potential impact to the assessment of the recoverability of the related deferred tax asset. Such potential impact could be material to the Company s consolidated financial condition or results of operations for an individual reporting period. 
 The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has a framework to implement a global minimum corporate tax of 15 for companies with global revenues and profits above certain thresholds (referred to as Pillar 2), with certain aspects of Pillar 2 effective January 1, 2024 and other aspects effective January 1, 2025. While it is uncertain whether the U.S. will enact legislation to adopt Pillar 2, certain countries in which the Company operates have adopted legislation, and other countries are in the process of introducing legislation to implement Pillar 2. The Company does not expect Pillar 2 to have a material impact on its effective tax rate or our consolidated results of operation, financial position or cash flows. 
 Refer to Note 6, Income Taxes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information regarding income taxes. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information regarding new applicable accounting pronouncements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The Company s primary market risks include fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates. The Company is also affected by changes in the prices of commodities used or consumed in its manufacturing operations. Some of its commodity purchase price risk is covered by supply agreements with customers and suppliers. Other commodity purchase price risk is occasionally addressed by hedging strategies, which include forward contracts. The Company enters into derivative instruments only with high-credit-quality counterparties and diversifies its positions across such counterparties to reduce its exposure to credit losses. The Company does not engage in any derivative instruments for purposes other than hedging specific operating risks. 
 The Company has established policies and procedures to manage sensitivity to interest rate, currency exchange rate and commodity purchase price risk, which include monitoring the level of exposure to each market risk. For quantitative disclosures about market risk, refer to Note 16, Financial Instruments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for information with respect to interest rate risk, currency exchange rate risk and commodity purchase price risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk refers to the possibility that the Company may incur economic losses due to adverse changes in interest rates. The Company manages its interest rate risk by monitoring its exposure to fixed and variable rates while attempting to optimize its interest costs. The Company maintains a written policy that permits the use of 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 financial derivative instruments to mitigate the financial impact attributable to changes in interest rates. At December 31, 2023, the Company had no outstanding derivative transactions related to interest rate risk management. A 50 basis points increase or decrease in the interest rates on our variable rate debt outstanding at December 31, 2023 would be a 4 million increase or decrease in interest expense. For information regarding the levels of indebtedness subject to interest rate fluctuation, refer to Note 13, Notes Payable and Debt, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 Currency exchange rate risk refers to the possibility that the Company may incur economic losses due to adverse changes in currency exchange rates. The Company operates globally and transacts in multiple currencies in addition to its reporting currency, the U.S. dollar. Although the Company generally uses the national or regional currency as the functional currency of its local entities, the Company has a significant amount of transactions in non-functional currency denominations including U.S. Dollar, Euro, Chinese Renminbi, Great British Pound and Mexico Peso. Foreign currency exposures are reviewed periodically, and any natural offsets are considered prior to entering into a derivative financial instrument. The Company mitigates its currency exchange rate risk by establishing local production facilities and related supply chain participants in the markets it serves, by invoicing customers in the same currency as the source of the products and by funding some of its investments in foreign markets through local currency loans. 
 In addition, the Company executed an intercompany loan designated as a net investment hedge to mitigate specific exchange rate translation risk. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company deferred a pre-tax loss of million and million, respectively, for the designated net investment hedge within the cumulative translation account within accumulated other comprehensive income, a component of total shareholders equity. 
 Currency translation adjustments, including the impact of the net investment hedges discussed above, during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, are shown in the following tables, which provide the percentage change in U.S. Dollars against the respective currencies and the approximate impacts of these changes recorded within other comprehensive income (loss) for the respective periods. 
 (in millions, except for percentages) December 31, 2023 Euro 3 58 British Pound 5 28 Brazilian Real 9 14 India Rupee 1 7 Chinese Renminbi (3) (14) 
 (in millions, except for percentages) December 31, 2022 British Pound (11) (45) Chinese Renminbi (8) (28) Euro (6) (14) India Rupee (10) (8) Brazilian Real 5 8 
 For additional information regarding the level of business outside the United States, which is subject to foreign currency exchange rate market risk, refer to Note 24, Reportable Segments and Related Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 Commodity price risk is the possibility that the Company will incur economic losses due to adverse changes in the cost of raw materials used in the production of its products. The Company uses long-term contracts, cost sharing arrangements, design changes, customer buy programs, and limited financial instruments to help control costs wherever beneficial. Commodity forward and option contracts are occasionally executed to offset exposure to potential change in prices mainly for various non-ferrous metals and natural gas consumption used in the manufacturing of vehicle components. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had no outstanding commodity swap contracts. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 The matters discussed in this Item 7 include forward looking statements. See Forward Looking Statements at the beginning of this Form 10-K. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Page No. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 45 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 49 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 51 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 52 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of PHINIA Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PHINIA Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessment - Fuel Systems Reporting Unit 
 As described in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s net goodwill balance was 499 million as of December 31, 2023, and the net goodwill associated with the Fuel Systems reporting unit was 61 million. Management has determined that each of the reportable segments are each also a reporting unit. Management tests goodwill for impairment annually in the fourth quarter for all reporting units, and more frequently if events or circumstances warrant such a review. Management performed the two-step impairment testing during the fourth quarter of 2023 to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. The estimated fair value was determined using a combined income and market approach. The primary assumptions affecting management s quantitative impairment review are the discount rates, EBITDA margins, revenue growth rates, and market multiples. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessment of the Fuel Systems reporting unit is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the Fuel Systems reporting unit; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the discount rate and EBITDA margins; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included, among others (i) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate of the Fuel Systems reporting unit; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the income and market valuation approaches used by management; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the income and market valuation approaches; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to the discount rate and EBITDA margins. Evaluating management s assumption related to EBITDA margins involved evaluating whether the assumption used by management was reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the Fuel Systems reporting unit; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether the assumption was consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the income and market valuation approaches and (ii) the reasonableness of the discount rate assumption. 
 
 /s/ 

February 28, 2024 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 PHINIA INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, (in millions, except share and per share amounts) 2023 2022 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Inventories Prepayments and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Investments and long-term receivables Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Retirement-related liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Capital stock: Common stock, par value; authorized shares: ; issued shares: (2023 - ); outstanding shares: (2023 - 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Former Parent investment Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost: (2023 - shares) 
 ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

PHINIA INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions, except per share amounts) 2023 2022 2021 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Restructuring expense Other operating expense (income), net ) ) Operating income Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax ) ) ) Interest expense Interest income ) ) ) Other postretirement expense (income) ) ) Earnings before income taxes and noncontrolling interest Provision for income taxes Net earnings Net earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest, net of tax Net earnings attributable to PHINIA Inc. Earnings per share attributable to PHINIA Inc. basic Earnings per share attributable to PHINIA Inc. diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 PHINIA INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2023 2022 2021 Net earnings attributable to PHINIA Inc. 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income Foreign currency translation adjustments 1 
 ) ) ) Defined benefit postretirement plans 1 
 ) ) Hedge instruments 1 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income attributable to PHINIA, Inc. ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to PHINIA Inc. Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest, net of tax Comprehensive income 
 ____________________________________ 
 1 
 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 PHINIA INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2023 2022 2021 OPERATING Net cash provided by operating activities (see Note 25) INVESTING Capital expenditures, including tooling outlays ) ) ) Payments for investment in equity securities ) Proceeds from asset disposals and other, net Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net of discount Payments for debt issuance costs ) Borrowings under Revolving Facility Repayments of debt, including current portion ) ) Cash outflows related to debt due to Former Parent ) ) ) Cash inflows related to debt due from Former Parent Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) Dividends paid to PHINIA Inc. stockholders ) Payments for purchase of treasury stock ) Net transfers (to) from Former Parent ) ) Net decrease in notes payable to Former Parent ) Payments for stock-based compensation items ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 PHINIA INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 Number of Shares PHINIA Inc. Stockholders Equity (in millions, except share data) Issued common stock Common stock held in treasury Issued common stock Additional paid-in-capital Treasury stock Retained earnings Former Parent investment Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Non-controlling interests Total Equity Balance, January 1, 2021 ) Net transfers from Former Parent Net earnings Other comprehensive income Balance, December 31, 2021 Net transfers to Former Parent ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Net transfers from Former Parent Spin-Off related adjustments Reclassification of Former Parent's net investment and issuance of ordinary shares in connection with Spin-Off ) Share-based compensation expense Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Net issuance of executive stock plan ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) ) 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

share of PHINIA common stock for every shares of BorgWarner common stock held on June 23, 2023, the record date. In lieu of fractional shares of PHINIA, BorgWarner stockholders received cash. As a result of these transactions, all of the assets, liabilities, and legal entities comprising BorgWarner s Fuel Systems and Aftermarket businesses are now owned directly, or indirectly through its subsidiaries, by PHINIA. PHINIA is an independent public company trading under the symbol PHIN on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 1 
 million. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net corporate allocation expenses totaled million and million, respectively. Corporate allocation expenses were primarily included in Selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

unconsolidated joint venture which was acquired as part of the acquisition of Delphi Technologies on October 1, 2020: Delphi-TVS Diesel Systems Ltd (D-TVS), of which the Company owns . This joint venture is a non-controlled affiliate in which the Company exercises significant influence but does not have a controlling financial interest and, therefore, is accounted for under the equity method. Although the Company is the majority owner, it does not have the ability to control significant decisions or management of the entity. The Company evaluated this investment under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 810 and based on the following factors the Company does not have the power to control the significant decisions of the entity and therefore does not have a controlling financial interest. 
 Both partners appoint a managing director and these directors jointly manage all of the affairs of D-TVS, subject to supervision by the board of directors; 
 The Company has only a representation on the board of directors; and 
 The construct of the board of directors prevents either party from having power/control as described in ASC Topic 810 because both parties lack the ability to directly and/or indirectly control governance and management of D-TVS through either its ownership interest or the board representation. 
 Generally, under the equity method, the Company s original investment is recorded at cost and subsequently adjusted by the Company s share of equity in income or losses. The carrying value of the Company s investment was million and million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company monitors its equity method investments for indicators of other-than-temporary declines in fair value on an ongoing basis. If such a decline has occurred, an impairment charge is recorded, which is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair value. The Company s investment in this non-controlled affiliate is included within Investments and long-term receivables in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company s share of equity in income or losses is included in Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The Company also has certain investments for which it does not have the ability to exercise significant influence (generally when ownership interest is less than ). The Company s investment in these equity securities is included within Investments and long-term receivables in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Interests in privately held companies that do not have readily determinable fair values are accounted for using the measurement alternative under ASC Topic 321, which includes monitoring on an ongoing basis for indicators of impairments or upward adjustments. These equity securities are measured at cost less impairments, adjusted for observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer. If the Company determines that an indicator of impairment or upward adjustment is present, an adjustment is recorded, which is measured as the difference between carrying value and estimated fair value. Estimated fair value is generally determined using an income approach on discounted cash flows or negotiated transaction values. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Refer to Note 2, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 Refer to Note 7, Receivables, Net, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 Refer to Note 8, Inventories, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 . Costs for molds, dies and other tools used to make products sold on long-term supply arrangements for which the Company has a contractual guarantee for lump sum reimbursement from the customer are capitalized in Prepayments and other current assets. 
 , and useful lives for machinery and equipment range from three to . For income tax purposes, accelerated methods of depreciation are generally used. Refer to Note 10, Property, Plant and Equipment, Net, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

. Provisions for estimated expenses related to product warranty are made at the time products are sold. These estimates are established using historical information about the nature, frequency and average cost of warranty claim settlements as well as product manufacturing and industry developments and recoveries from third parties. Management actively studies trends of warranty claims and takes action to improve product quality and minimize warranty claims. Costs of product recalls, which may include the cost of the product being replaced as well as the customer s cost of the recall, including labor to remove and replace the recalled part, are accrued as part of the Company s warranty accrual at the time an obligation becomes probable and can be 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Refer to Note 12, Product Warranty, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 Refer to Note 20, Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded government grant related liabilities of million in Other current liabilities and million in Other non-current liabilities in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded million and million of government grant-related credits in Selling, general and administrative expenses, respectively, and million and million in Cost of sales, respectively, in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 Refer to Note 16, Financial Instruments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 Refer to Note 19, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Refer to Note 17, Retirement Benefit Plans, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 Refer to Note 3, Restructuring, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 Refer to Note 6, Income Taxes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 2 
 million and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, for these arrangements. These amounts are reflected in Prepayments and other current assets in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 In limited instances, certain customers have provided payments in advance of receiving related products, typically at the onset of an arrangement prior to the beginning of production. These contract liabilities are reflected as Other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and were million at December 31, 2023 and million at December 31, 2022. These amounts are reflected as revenue over the term of the arrangement (typically three to as the underlying products are shipped and represent the Company s remaining performance obligations as of the end of the period. 
 Europe Asia Total 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Europe Asia Total 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 (In millions) Fuel Systems Aftermarket Total Americas Europe Asia Total 

NOTE 3 
 Restructuring expense, net Cash payments ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment and other ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 Restructuring expense, net Cash payments ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment and other Balance, December 31, 2023 Less: Non-current restructuring liability Current restructuring liability at December 31, 2023 
 During 2023, the Company approved individual restructuring actions that primarily related to reductions in headcount in the Fuel Systems segment and recorded million of restructuring expense related to these actions. 
 In 2019, the Company announced a restructuring plan to reshape and realign its global technical center footprint and reduce salaried and contract staff. The Fuel Systems segment recorded charges of million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily for the statutory minimum benefits and 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 4 
 Customer reimbursements ) ) ) Net R D expenditures 
 Net R D expenditures as a percentage of net sales were , and for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

NOTE 5) ) ) R D income from Former Parent ) ) ) Separation and transaction costs Asset impairments Other operating income, net ) ) ) Other operating expense (income), net ) ) 
 Royalty income from Former Parent: The Company participated in royalty arrangements with BorgWarner businesses prior to the Spin-Off, which involved the licensing of the Delphi Technologies trade name and product-related intellectual properties. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million, million and million, respectively. Refer to Note 23, Related Party," for further information. 
 R D income from Former Parent: The Company provided application testing and other R D services for other BorgWarner businesses prior to the Spin-Off. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized income related to these services of million, million and million, respectively. Refer to Note 23, "Related Party," for further information. 
 Separation and transaction costs: During the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded separation costs of million and million, respectively, primarily related to professional fees associated with the intended separation of the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded transaction costs of million primarily related to professional fees associated with the acquisition, integration and other support of the Company's acquisition of Delphi Technologies. 
 Asset impairments: During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company wound down its Aftermarket operation in Russia and recorded an impairment expense of million for the impairment of an intangible asset related to this business. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company performed a quantitative impairment test over an indefinite-lived trade name in the Aftermarket segment. The impairment test indicated that the fair value was less than the carrying value due to a decrease in expected revenues associated with the trade name. Therefore, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million. Refer to Note 11 Goodwill and Other Intangibles, to the Consolidated Financial Statement for more information. 

NOTE 6) Non-U.S. Total Provision for income taxes: Current: Federal State Foreign Total current expense Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) Total deferred expense (benefit) ) Total provision for income taxes 
 The provision for income taxes resulted in an effective tax rate of approximately , and for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Increases (decreases) resulting from: Valuation allowance adjustments, net Net tax on remittance of foreign earnings Non-deductible transaction costs Changes in accounting methods and filing positions ) ) U.S. tax on foreign earnings Foreign rate differentials ) ) Impact of tax law and rate changes ) ) State taxes, net of federal benefit ) ) Tax holidays ) ) ) Enhanced research and development deductions ) ) ) Reserve adjustments, settlements and claims ) ) Non-taxable interest income ) ) ) Other, net ) Provision for income taxes, as reported 
 The Company s effective tax rate was impacted beneficially by certain entities in China with the High and New Technology Enterprise (HNTE) status. The income tax benefit for HNTE status was approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. HNTE status is granted for periods, and the Company seeks to renew such status on a regular basis. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company s effective tax rate increased compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of a change in the jurisdictional mix of pre-tax earnings, most notably an increase in pre-tax losses where no tax benefit is recognized. In addition, the Company recognized increases in its U.S. taxes on foreign earnings based on the post Spin-Off structure. During 2023, the Company recognized discrete tax benefits of million, primarily due to structural changes concluded in the fourth quarter. 
 During 2022, the Company recognized discrete tax benefits of million, primarily due to certain unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest related to a matter for which the statute of limitations had lapsed. 
 In 2021, the Company recognized a discrete tax benefit of million related to an increase in its deferred tax assets as a result of an increase in the United Kingdom tax rate from to . This rate change was enacted in June 2021 and became effective April 2023. 
 The Company recognizes taxes due under the Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (GILTI) provision as a current period expense. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Additions based on tax positions related to current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for lapse in statute of limitations ) Reductions for closure of tax audits and settlements ) ) Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) (Distributions) Acquisitions ) Translation adjustment ) ) Balance, December 31 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. For each of the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized approximately million. The Company has an accrual of approximately million and million for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, approximately million represents the amount that, if recognized, would affect the Company's effective income tax rate in future periods. The Company estimates that it is reasonably possible there could be a decrease of less than million in unrecognized tax benefits and interest in the next 12 months related to the closure of an audit and the lapse in statute of limitations subsequent to the reporting period from certain taxing jurisdictions. 
 The Company and/or one of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in the U.S. federal, various state jurisdictions and various foreign jurisdictions. In certain tax jurisdictions, the Company may have more than one taxpayer. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Interest limitation carryforwards Accrued expenses Pension Employee compensation Warranty Unrecognized tax benefits Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowances ) ) Net deferred tax asset Deferred tax liabilities: Goodwill and intangible assets ) ) Unremitted foreign earnings ) ) Unrealized gain on equity securities ) ) Fixed assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred taxes 
 As of December 31, 2023, certain non-U.S. operations had net operating loss carryforwards totaling million available to offset future taxable income. Of the total million, million expire at various dates from 2024 through 2043, and the remaining million have no expiration date. The Company has a valuation allowance against million of certain non-U.S. net operating loss carryforwards. 
 The Company reviews the likelihood that the benefit of its deferred tax assets will be realized and, therefore, the need for valuation allowances on a quarterly basis. The Company assesses existing deferred tax assets, net operating loss carryforwards, and tax credit carryforwards by jurisdiction and expectations of its ability to utilize these tax attributes through a review of past, current, and estimated future taxable income and tax planning strategies. If, based upon the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not the deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is recorded. Due to recent restructurings, the Company concluded that the weight of the negative evidence outweighs the positive evidence in certain foreign jurisdictions. As a result, the Company believes it is more-likely-than-not that the net deferred tax assets in certain foreign jurisdictions that include entities in Luxembourg and the U.K. will not be realized in the future. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Establishment of new allowances 1 
 Net change to existing allowances 2 
 Opening balance sheet equity/other 3 
 ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Ending balance, December 31 
 _____________________________ 
 1 Reflects valuation allowances initially established as a result of a change in management s judgment regarding the realizability of deferred tax assets. 
 2 Reflects movements in previously established valuation allowances, which increase or decrease as the related deferred tax assets increase or decrease. Such movements occur as a result of a change in management s judgment regarding previously established valuation allowances, remeasurement due to a tax rate change and changes in the underlying attributes of the deferred tax assets, including expiration of the attribute and reversal of the temporary difference that gave rise to the deferred tax asset. 
 3 Reflects movements in previously established valuation allowances primarily recorded to equity as result of the Spin-Off. 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company recorded deferred tax liabilities of million with respect to foreign unremitted earnings. The Company did not provide deferred tax liabilities with respect to certain book versus tax basis differences not represented by undistributed earnings of approximately million as of December 31, 2023, because the Company continues to assert indefinite reinvestment of these basis differences. These basis differences would become taxable upon the sale or liquidation of the foreign subsidiaries. Based on the Company's structure, it is impracticable to determine the unrecognized deferred tax liability on these earnings. Actual tax liability, if any, would be dependent on circumstances existing when a repatriation, sale, or liquidation occurs. 

NOTE 7 
 Indirect taxes Due from Former Parent Other Gross receivables Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total receivables, net 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) Provision ) ) ) Write-offs Translation adjustment and other Ending balance, December 31 ) ) ) 
 Factoring 
 The Company has arrangements with various financial institutions to sell eligible trade receivables from certain customers in North America and Europe. These arrangements can be terminated at any time subject to prior written notice. The receivables under these arrangements are sold without recourse to the Company and are, therefore, accounted for as true sales. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company sold million, million and million of receivables, respectively, under these arrangements. Additionally, during the same periods, expenses of million, million and million, respectively, were recognized within interest expense. 

NOTE 8 
 Work-in-progress Finished goods Inventories 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 9 
 Customer return assets Prepaid software Prepaid engineering Deposits Prepaid customer tooling Prepaid insurance Other Total prepayments and other current assets Investments and long-term receivables: Investment in equity affiliates Due from Former Parent Long-term receivables Investment in equity securities Total investments and long-term receivables Other non-current assets: Operating leases (Note 21) Deferred income taxes (Note 6) Customer incentive payments Other Total other non-current assets 

NOTE 10 
 Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Total property, plant and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation Property, plant and equipment, net, excluding tooling Tooling, net of amortization Property, plant and equipment, net 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 11 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Accumulated impairment losses, January 1 ) ) Net goodwill balance, January 1 Goodwill during the year: Translation adjustment ) Net goodwill balance, December 31 
 - 
 Customer relationships - 
 Total amortized intangible assets Unamortized trade names Total other intangible assets 
 Amortization of other intangible assets was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company utilizes the straight-line method of amortization recognized over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The estimated future annual amortization expense, primarily for acquired intangible assets, is million for each of the years 2024 through 2028 and million thereafter. 
 Impairment 1 
 ) ) Amortization Translation adjustment ) Ending balance, December 31 
 _____________________________ 
 1 In 2022, the Company wound down its business in Russia. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 12 
 Provisions for current period sales Adjustments of prior estimates ) Payments ) ) Other, primarily translation adjustment ) Ending balance, December 31 
 The product warranty liability is classified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows: 
 December 31, (in millions) 2023 2022 Other current liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total product warranty liability 

NOTE 13 
 Long-term debt Senior notes due 10/1/2025 million par value) 
 Term Loan A Facility (net of unamortized issuance costs) 
 Term Loan B Facility (net of unamortized issuance costs and unamortized discount) 
 Total long-term debt Less: current portion Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 The Company utilizes its committed revolving credit facility for short-term working capital requirements. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had million in borrowings under these facilities, which are reported in Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The weighted average interest rate on short-term borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2023 was . The weighted average interest rate on all borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 
 Credit Agreement 
 On July 3, 2023, the Company entered into a billion Credit Agreement consisting of a million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility ), a million Term Loan A Facility (the Term Loan A Facility and a million Term Loan B Facility (the Term Loan B Facility together with the Revolving Facility and the Term Loan 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million that is secured pari passu with the Revolving Facility and the Term Loan A Facility and matures on or prior to July 3, 2028. 
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at varying rates, depending on the type of loan and, in some cases, the rates of designated benchmarks and the Company s related election. For borrowings under the Credit Agreement, the Company may choose among the following interest rates: (i) solely in the case of U.S. dollar-denominated loans, an interest rate equal to the highest of (1) the prime rate in effect from time to time, (2) the federal funds effective rate in effect from time to time plus , (3) adjusted term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (which includes a credit spread adjustment to term SOFR) for a one month interest period plus , and (4) , in each case plus a rate (x) with respect to the Revolving Facility and the Term Loan A Facility, ranging from to depending on the Company s consolidated net leverage ratio or (y) with respect to the Term Loan B Facility, ; or (ii) an interest rate equal to (1) solely in the case of U.S. dollar-denominated loans, adjusted term SOFR, (2) solely in the case of euro-denominated loans, Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), or (3) solely in the case of pound sterling-denominated loans, adjusted Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate (SONIA) (which includes a credit spread adjustment to SONIA), as applicable, in each case for the applicable interest period plus a rate (x) with respect to adjusted term SOFR for the Revolving Facility and the Term Loan A Facility, EURIBOR and SONIA, ranging from to depending on our consolidated net leverage ratio, and (y) with respect to adjusted term SOFR for the Term Loan B Facility, . Additionally, the Company will pay a quarterly commitment fee based on the actual daily amount of the available Revolving Facility commitment. 
 Proceeds of the Term Loan A Facility and the Term Loan B Facility were used only for certain payments in connection with the Spin-Off and the Credit Agreement. Proceeds of the Revolving Facility were used for certain payments in connection with the Spin-Off and the Credit Agreement and for working capital and general corporate purposes. 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had million of outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Facility. The Credit Agreement contains customary covenants relating to us and our subsidiaries concerning, among other things, investments, dispositions of assets, indebtedness, liens on assets, and dividends and other distributions. Solely in respect of the Revolving Facility and the Term Loan A Facility, the Credit Agreement also contains financial covenants requiring (i) the consolidated net leverage ratio of the Company, determined as of the end of each fiscal quarter, not to exceed to 1.00 (or, at our election and subject to certain conditions, to 1.00 for the period in which such election is made and the next succeeding testing period and, thereafter, to 1.00 for the next succeeding testing periods) and (ii) the consolidated interest coverage ratio of the Company, determined as of the end of each fiscal quarter, to be at least to 1.00. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of December 31, 2023. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total payments Add: unamortized premiums, net of discount ) Total 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million, which is million higher than carrying value for the same period. As of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the Company s senior unsecured notes totaled million, which was million lower than carrying value for the same period. Fair market values of the long-term debt are developed using observable values for similar debt instruments, which are considered Level 2 inputs as defined by ASC Topic 820. The carrying values of the Company s other debt facilities approximate fair value. The fair value estimates do not necessarily reflect the values the Company could realize in the current markets. 

NOTE 14 
 Payroll and employee related Income taxes payable Product warranties (Note 12) Accrued freight Operating leases (Note 21) Supplier related Employee termination benefits (Note 3) Other non-income taxes Deferred engineering Deferred income Legal and professional fees Notes payable and accrued interest due to Former Parent Other Total other current liabilities Other non-current liabilities: Deferred income taxes (Note 6) Operating leases (Note 21) Product warranties (Note 12) Deferred income Uncertain tax positions Due to Former Parent Other Total other non-current liabilities 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 15 
 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2023. 
 A Liabilities: Foreign currency contracts ) ) A 
 A Equity securities A, C Cash A Real estate and other A, C 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 A Equity securities A Cash A Real estate and other C 
 _____________________________ 
 1 Certain assets that are measured at fair value using the Net Asset Value (NAV) per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. These amounts represent investments in commingled and managed funds that have underlying assets in fixed income securities, equity securities, and other assets. 
 
 Purchases, sales and settlements ) Realized gains Unrealized gains on assets still held at the reporting date Translation adjustment ) Balance, December 31, 2022 Purchases, sales and settlements Unrealized losses on assets still held at the reporting date ) Translation adjustment Balance, December 31, 2023 
 The fair value of real estate properties is estimated using an appraisal provided by the administrator of the property or infrastructure investment. The fair value of equity securities is estimated using the mark-to-model method. Management believes these are appropriate methodologies to obtain the fair value of these assets. 
 Refer to Note 17, Retirement Benefit Plans, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more detail surrounding the defined benefit plan s asset investment policies and strategies, target allocation percentages and expected return on plan asset assumptions. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 16 
 million. These amounts were primarily related to Euro and British Pound denominated hedging contracts. 
 Other current liabilities 
 Effectiveness for cash flow hedges is assessed at the inception of the hedging relationship and quarterly, thereafter. Gains and losses arising from these contracts that are included in the assessment of effectiveness are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI) and reclassified into income as the underlying operating transactions are recognized. The realized gains or losses offset the hedged transaction and are recorded on the same line in the statement of operations. The initial value of any component excluded from the assessment of effectiveness is recognized in income using a systematic and rational method over the life of the hedging instrument. Any difference between the change in fair value of the excluded component and amounts recognized in income under that systematic and rational method are recognized in AOCI. 
 Effectiveness for net investment hedges is assessed at the inception of the hedging relationship and quarterly, thereafter. Gains and losses arising from these contracts that are included in the assessment of effectiveness are deferred into foreign currency translation adjustments and only released when the subsidiary being hedged is sold or substantially liquidated. The initial value of any component excluded from the assessment of effectiveness is recognized in income using a systematic and rational method over the life of the hedging instrument. Any difference 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) 
 Derivative instruments designated as hedging instruments as defined by ASC Topic 815 recognized in Other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 were a loss of million, a gain of million, and a loss of million, respectively. No gains or losses were recorded in Net earnings for the periods presented. 
 The gains or losses recorded in income related to components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness for derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges were immaterial for the periods presented.) ) 
 ) Foreign Currency Selling, general and administrative expenses ) 

NOTE 17 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Defined benefit pension expense (income) ) ) Total ) ) 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Service cost Interest cost Plan amendments ) Settlement and curtailment ) ) Actuarial loss (gain) ) Currency translation ) Other Spin-Off Benefits paid ) ) Projected benefit obligation, December 31 1 
 Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets, January 1 Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contribution Settlements ) ) Currency translation ) Spin-Off Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets, December 31 Funded status ) ) Amounts in the Consolidated Balance Sheets consist of: Non-current assets Current liabilities ) ) Non-current liabilities ) ) Net amount ) ) Amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss consist of: Net actuarial loss Net prior service credit ) ) Net amount ) Total accumulated benefit obligation for all plans 
 _____________________________ 

79 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) Plan assets Deficiency ) ) Pension deficiency by country: United Kingdom ) ) France ) ) Mexico ) ) Other ) ) Total pension deficiency ) )) ) Plan assets Deficiency ) ) Pension deficiency by country: United Kingdom ) ) France ) ) Mexico ) ) Other ) ) Total pension deficiency ) ) 
 - 
 Fixed income securities - 
 Equity securities - 
 
 The Company s investment strategy is to maintain actual asset weightings within a preset range of target allocations. The Company believes these ranges represent an appropriate risk profile for the planned benefit payments of the plans based on the timing of the estimated benefit payments. In each asset category, separate portfolios are maintained for additional diversification. Investment managers are retained in each asset category to manage each portfolio against its benchmark. Each investment manager has appropriate investment guidelines. In addition, the entire portfolio is evaluated against a relevant peer group. The defined benefit pension plans did not hold any Company securities as investments as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. A portion of pension assets is invested in common and commingled trusts. 
 The Company expects to contribute a total of million to million into its defined benefit pension plans during 2024. Of the million to million in projected 2024 contributions, million are contractually obligated, while any remaining payments would be discretionary. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of unrecognized gain ) Settlements, curtailments and other ) Net periodic cost (income) ) ) 
 The components of net periodic benefit cost other than the service cost component are included in Other postretirement income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 ________________ 
 1 Includes and for the U.K. pension plans for December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 The Company s weighted average assumptions used to determine the net periodic benefit cost(income) for its defined benefit pension plans were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (percent) 2023 2022 2021 Discount rate 1 
 Effective interest rate on benefit obligation Expected long-term rate of return on assets 2 
 Average rate of increase in compensation 
 ________________ 
 1 Includes , and for the U.K. pension plans for December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 2 Includes , and for the U.K. pension plans for December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company's approach to establishing the discount rate is based upon the market yields of high-quality corporate bonds, with appropriate consideration of each plan's defined benefit payment terms and duration of the liabilities. In determining the discount rate, the Company utilizes a full-yield approach in the estimation of service and interest components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029-2033 

NOTE 18 
 million shares. Approximately million shares were available for future issuance as of December 31, 2023. 
 BorgWarner granted restricted stock and performance share units as long-term incentive awards to employees and non-employee directors under the BorgWarner Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (2018 Plan). BorgWarner s Board of Directors adopted the 2018 Plan in February 2018, and the BorgWarner stockholders approved the 2018 Plan at the annual meeting of stockholders on April 25, 2018. As discussed further below, outstanding awards under the 2018 Plan were replaced with PHINIA equity awards. 
 Stock-based compensation expense within the consolidated financial statements for periods prior to the Spin-Off was allocated to PHINIA based on the awards and terms previously granted to PHINIA employees while part of BorgWarner and includes the cost of PHINIA employees who participated in the 2018 Plan, as well as an allocated portion of the cost of the BorgWarner corporate employee awards. 
 In connection with the Spin-Off, outstanding equity awards to executives and non-employee directors under the 2018 Plan were replaced with PHINIA equity awards using a formula designed to maintain the economic value of the awards immediately before and after the Spin-Off. Accordingly, the number of restricted stock underlying each unvested award outstanding as of the date of the Spin-Off was multiplied by a factor of , which resulted in increase in the intrinsic value of awards outstanding. The replaced restricted stock awards continue to vest in accordance with their original vesting period. These replacement awards did not result in additional compensation expense to the Company. 
 Restricted Stock: The value of restricted stock is determined by the market value of the Company s common stock at the date of grant. In 2023, BorgWarner granted restricted stock in the amount of approximately thousand shares to employees and PHINIA granted restricted stock in the amount of approximately thousand shares and thousand shares to employees and non-employee directors, respectively. The value of the awards is recognized as compensation expense ratably over the restriction periods, generally two or for employees and one year for non-employee directors. As of December 31, 2023, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock that will be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Restricted stock compensation expense, net of tax 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Converted 1 
 Nonvested at December 31, 2023 1 
 
 1 Reflects the replacement of outstanding equity awards to executives under the Former Parent Plan with PHINIA equity awards in conjunction with the Spin-Off. Outstanding equity awards to executives were multiplied by the conversion rate of . 
 
 Performance share units: BorgWarner granted performance share units to members of senior management that were scheduled to vest at the end of periods based on the metrics outlined below. These awards allowed for a payout between and of the target performance share units based on BorgWarner s performance against the metrics in the table below. At Spin-Off, these performance share units were replaced with PHINIA restricted stock unit awards (RSUs), based on their target performance, as agreed upon by the BorgWarner Compensation Committee considering performance through the date of the Spin-Off, and then multiplied by the conversion rate of , as discussed above. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Relative revenue growth 2 
 N/A N/A N/A Adjusted earnings per share 3 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A eProducts revenue mix 4 
 N/A N/A Cumulative free cash flow 5 
 N/A N/A eProducts revenue 6 
 N/A N/A N/A ________________ 
 1 Total stockholder return was measured based on BorgWarner s market performance in terms of total shareholder return relative to a peer group of automotive companies. 
 2 Relative revenue growth was measured based on BorgWarner s performance in terms of revenue growth relative to the vehicle market over performance period. 
 3 Adjusted earnings per share was based on BorgWarner s earnings per share adjusted for certain one-time items and non-operating gains and losses against a pre-defined target measured in the third year of the performance period. 
 4 eProducts revenue mix was based on BorgWarner s total revenue derived from eProducts in relation to its total proforma revenue in the third year of the performance period. 
 5 Cumulative free cash flow was based on BorgWarner s performance in terms of its operating cash flow, less capital expenditures, over the performance period. 
 6 eProducts revenue was based on the amount of BorgWarner s total revenue derived from eProducts in the third year of the performance period. 
 Other Performance-Based Total 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 Granted Vested ) ) Converted 1 
 ) ) Nonvested at December 31, 2023 1 
 ________________ 
 1 Reflects the conversion of outstanding equity awards to executives under the Former Parent Plan into PHINIA equity awards in conjunction with the Spin-Off. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 19 
 ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Income taxes associated with comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Ending Balance December 31, 2021 ) Comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) ) Income taxes associated with comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications Ending Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications 1 
 ) ) ) Income taxes associated with comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Ending Balance December 31, 2023 ) ) ) 
 _____________________________ 
 1 The increase in the defined benefit postretirement plans comprehensive income before reclassifications is primarily due to actuarial gains during the period. Refer to Note 17 Retirement Benefit Plans, for more information. 

NOTE 20 

NOTE 21 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Total lease assets Liabilities Current Operating leases Other current liabilities Non-current Operating leases Other non-current liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 Total lease obligations 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 After 2028 Total (undiscounted) lease payments Less: Imputed interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 In the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded operating lease expense of million, million and million, respectively. 
 In the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the operating cash flows for operating leases were million, million and million, respectively. 
 In the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded short-term lease costs of million, million and million, respectively. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 for the periods presented. 
 ASC Topic 842 requires that the rate implicit in the lease be used if readily determinable. Generally, implicit rates are not readily determinable in the Company s agreements, so the incremental borrowing rate is used instead for such lease arrangements. The incremental borrowing rates are determined using rates specific to the term of the lease, economic environments where lease activity is concentrated, value of lease portfolio, and assuming full collateralization of the loans. The following table presents the terms and discount rates: Weighted average discount rate Operating leases 

NOTE 22 
 million PHINIA ordinary shares outstanding immediately following the Spin-Off. The same number of shares was used to calculate basic and diluted earnings per share in those periods since no PHINIA equity awards were outstanding prior to the Spin-Off. 
 The dilutive impact of stock-based compensation is calculated using the treasury stock method. The treasury stock method assumes that the Company uses the assumed proceeds from the exercise of awards to repurchase common stock at the average market price during the period. The assumed proceeds under the treasury stock method include the purchase price that the grantee will pay in the future and compensation cost for future service that the Company has not yet recognized. 
 Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding Basic earnings per share of common stock Diluted earnings per share: Net earnings attributable to PHINIA Inc. Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding Effect of stock-based compensation Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding including dilutive shares Diluted earnings per share of common stock 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 23 
 million, all of which were incurred prior to the Spin-Off. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net corporate allocation expenses totaled million and million, respectively. These expenses were primarily included in Selling, general and administrative expenses and Other operating expense (income), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Royalty Income from Former Parent and R D Income from Former Parent 
 The Company participated in royalty arrangements and provided applications testing and other R D services to the Former Parent prior to the Spin-Off. See Note 5, Other Operating Expense (Income), Net for additional information. 
 Due from Former Parent 
 In the Consolidated Balance Sheets, the Company presents million within Accounts receivable and million within Investments and long-term receivables as of December 31, 2022. These amounts for December 31, 2022 were previously presented as Due from Former Parent, current and Due from Former Parent, non-current, respectively. 
 Due to Former Parent 
 In the Consolidated Balance Sheets, the Company presents million within Accounts payable and million within Other current liabilities as of December 31, 2022. These amounts for December 31, 2022 were previously presented as Due to Former Parent, current. In addition, the Company presents million within Other non-current liabilities as of December 31, 2022. These amounts for December 31, 2022 were previously presented as Due to Former Parent, non-current. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) ) Cash pooling and other equity settled balances with Former Parent ) ) Related-party notes converted to equity Corporate allocations Research and development income from Former Parent ) ) ) Total net transfers from Former Parent ) Exclude non-cash items: Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Other non-cash activities with Former Parent, net ) ) ) Related-party notes converted to equity ) ) Cash pooling and intercompany financing activities with Former Parent, net Total net transfers to Former Parent per Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow ) ) 

NOTE 24 
 reportable segments, which are further described below. These segments are strategic business groups, which are managed separately as each represents a specific grouping of related automotive components and systems. 
 Fuel Systems. This segment provides advanced fuel injection systems, fuel delivery modules, canisters, sensors, electronic control modules and associated software. Our highly engineered fuel injection systems portfolio includes pumps, injectors, fuel rail assemblies, engine control modules, and complete systems, including software and calibration services, that reduce emissions and improve fuel economy for traditional and hybrid applications. 
 Aftermarket. Through this segment, the Company sells products to independent aftermarket customers and OES customers. Its product portfolio includes a wide range of products as well as maintenance, test equipment and vehicle diagnostics solutions. The Aftermarket segment also includes sales of starters and alternators to OEMs. 
 Segment Adjusted Operating Income (AOI) is the measure of segment income or loss used by the Company. Segment AOI is comprised of segment operating income adjusted for restructuring, separation and transaction costs, intangible asset amortization expense, impairment charges, other net expenses and other items not reflective of ongoing operating income or loss. The Company believes Segment AOI is most reflective of the operational profitability or loss of its reportable segments. Segment AOI excludes certain corporate costs, which primarily represent corporate expenses not directly attributable to the individual segments. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Aftermarket Inter-segment eliminations ) ) Total Corporate 2 
 Consolidated 
 2022 Segment information Net sales Year-end assets Depreciation/ amortization Long-lived asset expenditures 1 
 (in millions) Customers Inter-segment Net Fuel Systems Aftermarket Inter-segment eliminations ) ) Total Corporate 2 
 Consolidated 
 2021 Segment information Net sales Year-end assets Depreciation/ amortization Long-lived asset expenditures 1 
 (in millions) Customers Inter-segment Net Fuel Systems Aftermarket Inter-segment eliminations ) ) Total Corporate 2 
 Consolidated 
 _______________ 
 1 Long-lived asset expenditures include capital expenditures and tooling outlays. 
 2 Corporate assets include cash and cash equivalents, investments and long-term receivables, and deferred income taxes. 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Aftermarket Segment AOI Corporate, including stock-based compensation Royalty income from Former Parent ) ) ) Intangible asset amortization expense Separation and transaction costs Restructuring expense (Note 3) Asset impairments, write offs and lease modifications Other non-comparable items Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax ) ) ) Interest expense Interest income ) ) ) Other postretirement expense (income) ) ) Earnings before income taxes and noncontrolling interest Provision for income taxes Net earnings Net earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest, net of tax Net earnings attributable to PHINIA Inc. 
 Geographic Information 
 During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, approximately , and of the Company s consolidated net sales were outside the U.S., respectively, attributing sales to the location of production rather than the location of the customer. Outside the United States, no countries other than those presented below exceeded 5 of consolidated net sales during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. The Company s investments in equity securities are excluded from the definition of long-lived assets, as are goodwill and certain other non-current assets. 
 Europe: United Kingdom Romania France Poland Other Europe Total Europe China Mexico Other foreign Total 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Such sales consisted of a variety of products to a variety of customer locations and regions. No other single customer accounted for more than 10 of consolidated net sales in any of the years presented. 
 Sales by Product Line 
 Sales of products for commercial vehicle and industrial applications represented approximately , and of consolidated net sales for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Sales of products for light vehicles represented approximately , and of consolidated net sales for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Sales of aftermarket products represented approximately , , and of consolidated net sales for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 25 
 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and tooling amortization Intangible asset amortization Restructuring expense, net of cash paid Stock-based compensation expense Asset impairments Deferred income tax provision (benefit) ) Other non-cash adjustments ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities Changes in assets and liabilities, excluding foreign currency translation adjustments: Receivables ) Inventories ) ) ) Prepayments and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable and other current liabilities ) ) Prepaid taxes and income taxes payable Other assets and liabilities ) ) ) Retirement plan contributions ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid during the year for: Interest, net Income taxes, net of refunds Non-cash investing transactions: Period end accounts payable related to property, plant and equipment purchases 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 26 
 Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Other operating expense (income), net ) ) ) Operating income Earnings before income taxes Net earnings (loss) ) Earnings (loss) per share - basic ) Earnings (loss) per share - diluted ) 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Other operating expense (income), net Operating income ) ) Earnings before income taxes ) ) Net earnings (loss) ) ) ) Earnings (loss) per share - basic ) ) ) Earnings (loss) per share - diluted ) ) ) 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions) As Previously Reported Adjustment As Revised As Previously Reported Adjustment As Revised Net earnings (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions) As Previously Reported Adjustment As Revised Net earnings (loss) ) Other non-cash adjustments ) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet September 30, 2023 (in millions) As Previously Reported Adjustment As Revised Retained Deficit ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. However, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. 
 The Company has adopted and maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act, such as this Form 10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to provide reasonable assurance that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required under Exchange Act Rule 13a-15, the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2023, the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2023. 
 Remediation of Previously Reported Material Weakness 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 As previously disclosed, the Company did not design and maintain effective controls over the determination and review of the calculation of cumulative translation adjustment in the Company s combined financial statements prepared on a carve-out basis. This material weakness resulted in a material adjustment to Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and Parent company investment at December 31, 2021, and Other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, all of which were recorded prior to the issuance of the combined financial statements. 
 During 2023, the Company took steps to enhance our internal control over financial reporting in response to the material weakness. Subsequent to the Spin-Off, the Company ceased preparing its financial statements on a carve-out basis and moved to a system-based calculation of cumulative translation adjustment. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had tested the effectiveness of the systematic control activities around the calculation of cumulative translation adjustment and concluded that the previously reported material weakness had been remediated. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 This Form 10-K does not include a report of management's assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of the Company's independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 Trading Arrangements 
 None of the Company s directors or officers, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act, , modified, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K, during the Company s fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information regarding our directors, director nominees, changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors, and the Audit Committee and its financial experts will appear in the Company s proxy statement for its 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (Proxy Statement) under the headings Proposal 1: Election of Directors, Our Director Nominees, Board Committees, Compensation Committee Report and Code of Ethical Conduct, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Information regarding our executive officers is set forth under the heading Information About Our Executive Officers in Part I of this Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Code of Ethical Conduct 
 The Company maintains a Code of Ethical Conduct that is applicable to all directors, officers, and employees of the Company, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. The Code of Ethical Conduct is posted on the Company s website at investors.phinia.com. The Company intends to disclose any amendments to, or waivers from, a provision of the Code of Ethical Conduct that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions on its website at investors.phinia.com. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Information regarding director and executive compensation will appear in the Company s Proxy Statement under the headings Non-Employee Director Compensation, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Executive Compensation Tables, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management. related stockholders matters, and the Company s equity compensation plans will appear in the Company s Proxy Statement under the 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 headings Beneficial Ownership of Company Stock and Equity Compensation Plan Information and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information regarding certain relationships and related party transactions and director independence that will appear in the Company s Proxy Statement under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Information regarding principal accountant fees and services will appear in the Company s Proxy Statement under the heading Independent Auditor s Fees and is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 The information required by Section (a)(3) of Item 15 is set forth on the Exhibit Index that precedes the Signatures page of this Form 10-K. The information required by Section (a)(1) of Item 15 is set forth above in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. All financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Form 10-K. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Not applicable. 
 
 99 

Exhibit Index 
 2.1 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2023, by and between BorgWarner and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023) 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of PHINIA Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2023) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of PHINIA Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2023) 
 4.1 Description of Securities 
 10.1 Transition Services Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2023, by and between BorgWarner and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023) 
 10.2 Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2023, by and between BorgWarner and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023) 
 10.3 Employee Matters Agreement, effective as of July 2, 2023, by and between BorgWarner and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023) 
 10.4 Intellectual Property Cross-License Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2023, by and among BorgWarner, Delphi Technologies IP Limited, PHINIA Technologies, Inc. and BorgWarner Luxembourg Operations S.A.R.L (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023) 
 10.5 Electronics Collaboration Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2023, by and between BorgWarner PDS (USA) Inc. and PHINIA Technologies Inc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023) 
 10.6 Contract Manufacturing Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2023, by and between BorgWarner Propulsion Systems LLC, BorgWarner Luxembourg Operations SARL and BorgWarner Propulsion II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023) 
 10.7 Contract Manufacturing Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2023, by and between BorgWarner (Shanghai) Automobile Fuel Systems Co., Ltd. and BorgWarner Automotive Components (Ningbo) , Co., Ltd (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023) 
 10.8 Contract Manufacturing Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2023, by and between BorgWarner (Shanghai) Automobile Fuel Systems Co., Ltd. and BorgWarner Poland sp. z o.o (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023) 
 10.9 Contract Manufacturing Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2023, by and between BorgWarner (Shanghai) Automobile Fuel Systems Co., Ltd. and BorgWarner Automotive Components (Ningbo), Co. Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023) 
 10.10 Contract Manufacturing Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2023, by and between BorgWarner eMobility Poland sp. z o.o and BorgWarner Mobility Poland sp. z o.o. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023) 
 10.11 ECU Supply Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2023, by and between BorgWarner Singapore Holdings Pte. Ltd. and BorgWarner France SAS (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023) 
 
 100 

10.12 ECU Supply Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2023, by and between BorgWarner Singapore Holdings Pte. Ltd. and BorgWarner India Private Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023) 
 10.13 ECU Supply Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2023, by and between BorgWarner Singapore Holdings Pte. Ltd. and BorgWarner Fuel Systems (Yantai) Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023) 
 10.14 ECU Supply Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2023, by and between BorgWarner PowerDrive Systems (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. and BorgWarner (Shanghai) Automobile Fuel Systems Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 7 , 2023) 
 10.15 ECU Supply Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2023, b y and between BorgWarner PowerDrive Systems (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. and BorgWarner Fuel Systems (Yantai) Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023) 
 10.16 ECU Supply Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2023, by and between BorgWarner PowerDrive Systems (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. and BorgWarner Industria E Comercio Brasil Ltda (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023) 
 10.17 Credit Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2023, by and among the Company, as borrower, the other loan parties from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, a swingline lender and an L/C issuer, and the other swingline lenders and L/C issuers from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023) 
 10.18 PHINIA Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on June 30, 2023) + 
 10.19 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the PHINIA Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 7, 2023) + 
 10.20 Form of Conversion Award Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees under the PHINIA Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 6 , 2023) + 
 10.21 Form of Conversion Award Stock Unit Award Agreement for U.S. Employees under the PHINIA Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Company's Form 10-Q filed on November 6 , 2023) + 
 10.22 Form of Conversion Award Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-U.S. Employees under the PHINIA Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of the Company's Form 10-Q filed on November 6 , 2023) + 
 10.23 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees under the PHINIA Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of the Company's Form 10-Q filed on November 6, 2023) + 
 10.24 Form of Stock Unit Award Agreement for U.S. Employees under the PHINIA Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 2 of the Company's Form 10-Q filed on November 6 , 2023) + 
 10.25 Form of Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-U.S. Employees under the PH INIA Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of the Company's Form 10-Q filed on November 6 , 2023) + 
 
 101 

10.26 PHINIA Inc. Management Incentive Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 7, 2023)+ 
 10.27 Form of Change of Control Employment Agreement + 
 10.28 Amendment to Form of Change of Control Agreement + 
 10.29 PHINIA Inc. Amended and Restated Retirement Savings Excess Benefit Plan + 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Company 
 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 24.1 Powers of Attorney 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 97.1 PHINIA Inc. Compensation Recovery Policy + 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ____________ 
 Certain schedules, exhibits, and appendices have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish copies of any omitted schedule, exhibit, or appendix to the SEC upon request. 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 + Indicates management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K. 
 102 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 PHINIA INC. 
 By: /s/ Brady D. Ericson Brady D. Ericson President and Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date: February 28, 2024 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following person on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 28th day of February, 2024. 
 Signature Title /s/ Brady D. Ericson President and Chief Executive Officer, Director Brady D. Ericson (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Chris P. Gropp 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Chris P. Gropp 
 (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Samantha M. Pombier Vice President and Controller Samantha M. Pombier (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Rohan S. Weerasinghe Rohan S. Weerasinghe Non-Executive Chair and Director /s/ Samuel R. Chapin Samuel R. Chapin Director /s/ Robin Kendrick Robin Kendrick Director /s/ Latondra Newton Latondra Newton Director /s/ D aun Norman D aun Norman Director /s/ Roger J. Wood Roger J. Wood Director 
 103 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 phinia-10xkex41description.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

Exhibit 4.1 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions of the securities of PHINIA Inc. (the Company that are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and relevant provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). This description does not purport to be complete. It is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the applicable provisions of the DGCL, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), and our Amended and Restated By-Laws (the Bylaws ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws, and the applicable provisions of the DGCL for additional information. 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 We are authorized to issue a total of 201,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of 200,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share Common Stock ), and 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share Preferred Stock ). 
 Common Stock 
 Dividend Rights 
 Holders of our Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board in its discretion out of funds legally available therefor. The timing, declaration, amount, and payment of future dividends depend on the Company s financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, preferences of any Preferred Stock, and debt service obligations, as well as legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, and other factors that the Board deems relevant. The Board makes all decisions regarding the payment of dividends from time to time in accordance with applicable law. 
 Voting Rights 
 Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or by applicable law, each holder of our Common Stock is entitled to one vote per share and is entitled to vote on all matters presented to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Holders of our Common Stock have no cumulative voting rights. 
 Subject to any voting rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock or any other series or class of stock to elect directors under specified circumstances, a nominee for director will be elected to the Board if the votes cast for such nominee s election exceed the votes cast against such nominee s election provided, however, that directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at any meeting of stockholders for which (i) the Secretary receives a notice that a stockholder has nominated a person for election to the Board in compliance with the advance notice requirements for stockholder nominees for director set forth in the Bylaws and (ii) such nomination has not been withdrawn by such stockholder on or prior to the 10th day before the date the Company first mails its notice of meeting for such meeting to the stockholders. 
 The Bylaws may be amended by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock of the Company at any meeting of stockholders if such action is contained in the notice for such meeting, or by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Whole Board (as defined below) at any meeting of the Board as described in the Bylaws. 
 Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or the Bylaws, all matters other than the election of directors submitted to the stockholders at any meeting will be decided by a majority of the votes cast affirmatively or negatively with respect thereto. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the affairs of the Company, after payment has been made to the holders of our Preferred Stock of the full amount to which they are entitled, the holders of our Common Stock will be entitled, to the exclusion of the holders of our Preferred Stock, to share, ratably according to the number of shares of our Common Stock held by them, in all remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders. 

Other Rights 
 Holders of our Common Stock have no preemptive rights to purchase or subscribe for any stock or other securities. In addition, there are no conversion, redemption, or sinking fund provisions that apply to our Common Stock. Our Common Stock is not liable to further call or assessment by the Company or subject to any restriction on alienability, except as required by law. 
 Preferred Stock 
 The rights of holders of our Common Stock may be materially limited or qualified by the rights of holders of our Preferred Stock that may be issued in the future. 
 Under the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board has the authority by resolution to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock from time to time on such terms as it may determine. The Board has the authority to divide the Preferred Stock into one or more series and, in connection with the creation of any such series, to determine and fix the distinguishing designations, dividend rights, redemption terms and prices, retirement or sinking fund provisions, conversion rights, liquidation rights, relative preferences, voting rights, and other rights of each such series of Preferred Stock. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Certain Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Certain provisions of the DGCL and our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws summarized below may delay, defer, discourage, or prevent a change in control of the Company, the removal of our management or directors, or an offer by a potential acquirer to our stockholders. These provisions include 
 Certain Effects of Authorized but Unissued Stock . The Company may issue additional shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock without stockholder approval, subject to applicable rules of the New York Stock Exchange and the DGCL, for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public or private offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions, and for employee benefit plans and equity grants, all of which may result in additional dilution to existing holders. The existence of unissued and unreserved Common Stock and Preferred Stock may enable the Company to issue shares that could discourage an attempt to obtain control of the Company by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger, or otherwise. 
 Undesignated Preferred Stock . Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the Board to issue shares of Preferred Stock and set the voting powers, designations, preferences, and other rights related to that Preferred Stock without stockholder approval. 
 Vacancies . Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock or any other series or class of stock to elect directors under specified circumstances, newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors and any vacancies on the Board resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, removal, or other cause will be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, even if less than a quorum of the Board is present. Any director elected to fill a vacancy will hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and will continue to hold office until such director s successor has been elected and qualified. 
 Removal . Our Certificates of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock or any other series or class of stock to elect directors under specified circumstances, any director may be removed from office at any time, with or without cause, but only by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock, voting together as a single class. 
 Special Meeting of Stockholders . Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, our Bylaws provide that special meetings of the stockholders may only be called by the Board by resolution of the Board adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of the total number of directors that the Company would have if there were no vacancies (the Whole Board or by any person or committee expressly so authorized by the Board by resolution of the Board adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of the Whole Board. 
 No Stockholder Action By Written Consent . Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that no action that is required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Company at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders may be effected by consent of stockholders in lieu of a meeting. 
 2 

Stockholder Advance Notice Procedures . Our Bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination by stockholders of candidates for election as directors. These provisions may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Certain Provisions of Delaware Law 
 We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL, which generally may have an anti-takeover effect for transactions not approved in advance by the Board, including discouraging attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for our Common Stock. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder unless 
 the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder is approved by the corporation s board of directors prior to the time the interested stockholder obtained such status 
 upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than stock held by directors who are also officers or by specified employee stock plans or 
 at or subsequent to such time, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 For purposes of Section 203, a business combination is broadly defined to include mergers, consolidations, sales, and other dispositions of assets having an aggregate market value equal to 10 or more of the consolidated assets of the corporation, and other specified transactions resulting in financial benefits to the interested stockholder. In general, an interested stockholder is a person who owns (or is an affiliate or associate of the corporation and, within the prior three years, did own) 15 or more of the corporation s voting stock. 
 
 3 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.27>
 3
 phinia-ex1027formofchangeo.htm
 EX-10.27

Document 

Exhibit 10.27 
 
 CHANGE OF CONTROL EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 AGREEMENT by and between PHINIA Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company and _____________ (the Executive dated as of the ___ of _______ 2023. 
 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to assure that the Company will have the continued dedication of the Executive, notwithstanding the possibility, threat, or occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined below) of the Company. The Board believes it is imperative to diminish the distraction from the Executive s personal uncertainties and risks created by a pending or threatened Change of Control and to encourage the Executive s full attention and dedication to the Company, and to provide the Executive with satisfactory and competitive compensation and benefits arrangements upon a Change of Control. 
 WHEREAS, because the Executive will obtain intimate and valuable knowledge and experience concerning the Company, as well as technical, financial, customer and other confidential information, as a condition to the Company s willingness to enter into this Agreement, the Company has required and the Executive has delivered a non-compete agreement in a form determined by the Company (the Employee Agreement ), pursuant to which Executive has agreed not to compete with the Company or solicit the Company s employees and customers during Executive s employment with the Company and during a specified period following Executive s termination of employment with the Company. 
 WHEREAS, the Company would not have entered into this Agreement but for Executive s execution of the Employee Agreement and, accordingly the Executive and the Company have entered into the Employee Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS 
 1. Certain Definitions . (a) The Effective Date shall mean the first date during the Change of Control Period (as defined in Section 1(b)) on which a Change of Control (as defined in Section 2) occurs. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if (i) the Executive s employment with the Company is terminated by the Company, (ii) the Date of Termination is before the date on which a Change of Control occurs, and (iii) it is reasonably demonstrated by the Executive that such termination of employment (A) was at the request of a third party that has taken steps reasonably calculated to effect a Change of Control or (B) otherwise arose in connection with or anticipation of a Change of Control, then for all purposes of this Agreement, the Effective Date shall mean the date immediately prior to such Date of Termination. 
 (a) The Change of Control Period shall mean the period commencing on the date hereof and ending on the third anniversary of the date hereof provided , however , that commencing on the date one year after the date hereof, and on each annual anniversary of such date (such date and each annual anniversary thereof shall be hereinafter referred to as the Renewal Date ), unless previously terminated, the Change of Control Period shall be automatically extended so as to terminate three years from such Renewal Date, unless at least 60 days prior to the Renewal Date the Company shall give notice to the Executive that the Change of Control Period shall not be so extended. 
 2. Change of Control . Under this Agreement, a Change of Control shall mean an event listed below occurring after the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Separation and Distribution Agreement by and between PHINIA Inc. and the Company 
 (a) The acquisition by any individual, entity, or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) (a Person of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 20 or more of either 
 (i) the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (the Outstanding Company Common Stock or 
 
 1 

(ii) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities 
 provided , however , that for purposes of this subsection (a), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control 
 W. any acquisition directly from the Company, 
 X. any acquisition by the Company, 
 Y. any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any entity controlled by the Company, or 
 Z. any acquisition pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of subsection (c) of this Section 2 
 (b) Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board provided , however , that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board 
 (c) Consummation by the Company of a reorganization, statutory share exchange, merger or consolidation or similar transaction involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (each of the foregoing, a Business Combination ), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination, 
 (i) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities that were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 60 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent securities) and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent governing body), as the case may be, of the entity resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, an entity which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, 
 (ii) no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 20 or more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent securities) of the entity resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such entity except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination and 
 (iii) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent governing body) of the entity resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination or 
 (d) Approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 
 3. Effect of Change of Control on Outstanding Awards . If the Executive holds any outstanding awards Awards under the Company s 2023 Stock Incentive Plan or any successor incentive 
 
 2 

plan thereto (any Plan at the Effective Date, then, unless the applicable award agreement provides a more favorable result for the Executive, the following will apply 
 (a) The successor or purchaser in the Change of Control transaction may assume such Awards or provide replacement awards with terms and conditions at least as favorable as the terms and conditions in effect prior to the Change of Control, provided that any such assumed Award or replacement award shall 
 (i) have substantially equivalent economic value to the Award (as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board as constituted immediately prior to the Change of Control (the Committee )) 
 (ii) relate to a class of equity that is (or will be within five (5) business days following the Change of Control) listed to trade on a recognized securities market 
 (iii) provide the Executive with rights and entitlements substantially equivalent to or better than the rights and entitlements applicable under such Award, including, but not limited to, an identical or better exercise or vesting schedule and identical or better timing and methods of payment (to the extent consistent with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), if applicable), including all provisions applicable in respect of such Award that provide for accelerated vesting 
 (iv) with respect to Awards that vest upon the attainment of one or more performance goals, if the Change of Control occurs during the course of a performance period applicable to the Award, then (A) the performance goals shall be deemed to have been satisfied at the target level specified in the Executive s award agreement or, if greater, as otherwise specified by the Committee at or after grant, and (B) any assumed or substituted award shall not include a performance objective, unless otherwise determined by the Committee and 
 (v) have terms and conditions providing that, if within two (2) years following a Change of Control either (x) the successor or purchaser in the Change of Control transaction (or any affiliate thereof) terminates the Executive s employment or service without Cause or (y) the Executive terminates the Executive s employment for Good Reason, then the following provisions shall apply to any assumed Awards or replacement awards described herein 
 (A) Effective upon the date of the Executive s termination of employment or service, all of the Executive s outstanding Awards or replacement awards automatically shall vest (assuming, for any Award the vesting of which is subject to performance goals for which the performance period had not been completed as of the date of such termination, that such goals had been met at the target level) and 
 (B) If the assumed Award or replacement award relates to a class of equity that is not then listed to trade on a recognized securities market, then, at the election of the Executive, at the time of exercise or settlement of such Awards or replacement awards, the Executive may elect to receive, in lieu of the issuance of such equity, a cash payment equal to the fair market value of the equity otherwise issuable thereunder (such payment calculated using the definition of Fair Market Value (or similar definition) under the Plan as applied to the equity otherwise issuable under the assumed Award or replacement award). 
 (b) If the successor or purchaser in the Change of Control does not assume the Awards or issue replacement awards as provided in Section 3(a), then immediately prior to the date of the Change of Control 
 (i) Any stock options and stock appreciation rights outstanding as of the date such Change of Control is determined to have occurred and not then exercisable and vested shall become fully exercisable and vested to the full extent of the original grant. 
 (ii) The restrictions applicable to any outstanding restricted stock shall lapse as of the date such Change of Control is determined to have occurred, and such restricted stock shall become free of all restrictions and become fully vested and transferable to the full extent of the original grant. 
 
 3 

(iii) The restrictions applicable to any outstanding stock units shall lapse as of the date such Change of Control is determined to have occurred, and such stock units shall become free of all restrictions and become fully vested. Payment for stock units that have vested as a result of this Section 3(b)(iii) shall occur on the time(s) or event(s) otherwise specified in the applicable award agreement. 
 (iv) The restrictions applicable to any outstanding performance units and performance shares shall lapse as of the date such Change of Control is determined to have occurred, the performance goals of all such outstanding performance units and performance shares shall be deemed to have been achieved at target levels, the relevant performance period shall be deemed to have ended on the effective date of the Change of Control, and all other terms and conditions thereto shall be deemed to have been satisfied. If, due to a Change of Control, a performance period is shortened, then the target performance award initially established for such performance period shall be prorated by multiplying the initial target performance award by a fraction, the numerator of which is the actual number of whole months in the shortened performance period and the denominator of which is the number of whole months in the original performance period. Payment for such performance units and performance shares that vest as a result of the Change of Control shall be made in cash or shares of the Company s common stock (as determined by the Committee) as promptly as is practicable upon such vesting, but in no event later than March 15 of the year following the year in which the performance units and performance shares shall have vested pursuant to this Section 3(b)(iv). Payment for performance units and performance shares that have vested prior to the Change of Control as a result of the Committee s waiver of payment limitations prior to the date of the Change of Control shall be made in cash or shares of the Company s common stock (as determined by the Committee) 
 (A) in the year following the year in which the performance period would have otherwise ended absent a Change of Control, or 
 (B) if earlier, as soon as practicable in the year in which the Executive has a separation from service provided, however, that if the Executive is a specified employee (within the meaning of Code Section 409A) at the time of the Executive s separation from service and the Executive becomes entitled to payment of performance units or performance shares under this Section 3(b)(iv) by reason of such separation from service, payment shall be made on the first day of the seventh month following the month in which such separation from service occurs, or, if earlier, the date of the Executive s death. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if an Award is considered deferred compensation subject to the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, and if a payment under such Award would otherwise be triggered upon a Change of Control, then the definition of Change of Control shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code. 
 4. Employment Period . The Company agrees to continue the Executive in its employ, and the Executive agrees to remain in the employ of the Company subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, from the Effective Date and ending on the second anniversary of such date (the Employment Period ). The Employment Period shall terminate upon the Executive s termination of employment for any reason. 
 5. Terms of Employment . (a) Position and Duties . (i) During the Employment Period, (A) the Executive s position (including status, offices, titles and reporting requirements), authority, duties and responsibilities shall be at least commensurate in all material respects with the most significant of those held, exercised and assigned to the Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date and (B) the Executive s services shall be performed at the location where the Executive was employed immediately preceding the Effective Date or any office or location less than 35 miles from such location. 
 (ii) During the Employment Period, and excluding any periods of vacation and sick leave to which the Executive is entitled, the Executive agrees to devote reasonable attention and time during normal business hours to the business and affairs of the Company and, to the extent necessary to discharge the responsibilities assigned to the Executive hereunder, to use the Executive s reasonable best efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently such responsibilities. During the Employment Period it shall not be a violation of this Agreement for the Executive to (A) serve on corporate, civic, or charitable boards or committees, (B) deliver lectures, fulfill speaking engagements, or teach at educational institutions and (C) manage personal investments, so long as such activities do not significantly interfere with the 
 
 4 

performance of the Executive s responsibilities as an employee of the Company in accordance with this Agreement. It is expressly understood and agreed that to the extent that any such activities have been conducted by the Executive prior to the Effective Date, the continued conduct of such activities (or the conduct of activities similar in nature and scope thereto) after the Effective Date shall not thereafter be deemed to interfere with the performance of the Executive s responsibilities to the Company. 
 (b) Compensation . (i) Base Salary . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall receive an annual base salary Annual Base Salary ), which shall be paid at an annual rate, at least equal to twelve times the highest monthly base salary paid or payable, including any base salary which has been earned but deferred, to the Executive by the Company and its affiliated companies in respect of the twelve-month period immediately preceding the month in which the Effective Date occurs. The Annual Base Salary shall be paid at such intervals as the Company pays executive salaries generally. During the Employment Period, the Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed no more than 12 months after the last salary increase awarded to the Executive prior to the Effective Date and thereafter at least annually. Any increase in Annual Base Salary shall not serve to limit or reduce any other obligation to the Executive under this Agreement. During the Employment Period, Annual Base Salary shall not be reduced after any such increase and the term Annual Base Salary as utilized in this Agreement shall refer to Annual Base Salary as so increased. As used in this Agreement, the term affiliated companies shall include any company controlled by, controlling or under common control with the Company. 
 (ii) Annual Bonus . The Executive shall be awarded, for each fiscal year ending during the Employment Period, an annual bonus (the Annual Bonus in cash at least equal to the average of the bonuses paid or payable to the Executive under the Company s Management Incentive Bonus Plan, or any comparable annual bonus under any predecessor or successor plan, in respect of the last three full fiscal years prior to the Effective Date (or, if the Executive was first employed by the Company after the beginning of the earliest of such three fiscal years, the average of the bonuses paid or payable under such plan(s) in respect of the fiscal years ending before the Effective Date during which the Executive was employed by the Company, with such bonus being annualized with respect to any such fiscal year if the Executive was not employed by the Company for the whole of such fiscal year) (the Recent Average Bonus ). For the purposes of this section, if the Executive was employed by PHINIA Inc. or its affiliates immediately prior to the consummation of the Company s separation from PHINIA Inc., then any comparable annual bonus under any predecessor plan shall include any annual bonus earned by the Executive while so employed during the applicable prior three year period. If the Executive has not been eligible to earn such a bonus for any period prior to the Effective Date, the Recent Average Bonus shall mean the Executive s target annual bonus for the year in which the Effective Date occurs. Each such Annual Bonus shall be paid no later than two and a half months after the end of the fiscal year for which the Annual Bonus is awarded, unless the Executive shall elect to defer the receipt of such Annual Bonus pursuant to an arrangement that meets the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 (iii) Incentive, Savings and Retirement Plans . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all incentive, savings and retirement plans, practices, policies and programs applicable generally to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies, but in no event shall such plans, practices, policies and programs provide the Executive with incentive opportunities (measured with respect to both regular and special incentive opportunities, to the extent, if any, that such distinction is applicable and, with respect to regular incentive opportunities, taking into account annual bonuses pursuant to Section 5(b)(ii)), savings opportunities and retirement benefit opportunities, in each case, less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of those provided by the Company and its affiliated companies for the Executive under such plans, practices, policies and programs as in effect at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or if more favorable to the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the Effective Date to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies. 
 (iv) Welfare Benefit Plans . During the Employment Period, the Executive and or the Executive s family, as the case may be, shall be eligible for participation in and shall receive all benefits under welfare benefit plans, practices, policies and programs provided by the Company and its affiliated companies (including, without limitation, medical, prescription, dental, disability, salary continuance, employee life, group life, accidental death and travel accident insurance plans and programs) Company Welfare Benefit Plans to the extent applicable generally to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies, but if the Company Welfare Benefit Plans provide the Executive with benefits which are less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of such plans, practices, policies and programs in effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date (the Former Company Welfare Benefit Plans ), the Company shall provide the Executive with supplemental arrangements (such as individual insurance coverage purchased by the Company for the Executive) such that the Company Welfare Benefit Plans together with such supplemental 
 
 5 

arrangements provide the Executive with benefits which are at least as favorable, in the aggregate, as those provided by the Former Company Welfare Benefit Plans. 
 (v) Expenses . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive in accordance with the most favorable policies, practices and procedures of the Company and its affiliated companies in effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies. 
 (vi) Fringe Benefits . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to fringe benefits, including, without limitation, tax and financial planning services, payment of club dues, and, if applicable, use of an automobile and payment of related expenses, in accordance with the most favorable plans, practices, programs and policies of the Company and its affiliated companies in effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies provided , that such fringe benefits may be provided in cash or in kind, so long as the after-tax benefits to the Executive of such fringe benefits are not diminished in the aggregate. 
 (vii) Office and Support Staff . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to an office or offices of a size and with furnishings and other appointments, and to personal secretarial and other assistance, at least equal to the most favorable of the foregoing provided to the Executive by the Company and its affiliated companies at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as provided generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies. 
 (viii) Vacation . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation as well as paid days off for the period between Christmas and January 1, in each case in accordance with the most favorable plans, policies, programs and practices of the Company and its affiliated companies as in effect for the Executive at any time during the 365-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies. 
 6. Termination of Employment . (a) Death or Disability . The Executive s employment shall terminate automatically upon the Executive s death. If the Company determines in good faith that the Disability of the Executive has occurred during the Employment Period (pursuant to the definition of Disability set forth below), it may give to the Executive written notice in accordance with Section 13(b) of its intention to terminate the Executive s employment. In such event, the Executive s employment with the Company shall terminate effective on the 30th day after receipt of such notice by the Executive (the Disability Effective Date ), provided that, within the 30 days after such receipt, the Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of the Executive s duties. Under this Agreement, Disability shall mean the absence of the Executive from the Executive s duties with the Company on a full-time basis for 180 consecutive business days (or for 180 business days in any consecutive 365 days) as a result of incapacity due to mental or physical illness which is determined to be total and permanent by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers and acceptable to the Executive or the Executive s legal representative. 
 (b) Cause . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment during the Employment Period with or without Cause. Under this Agreement, Cause shall mean 
 (i) the willful and continued failure of the Executive to perform substantially the Executive s duties with the Company or one of its affiliates (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness or following the Executive s delivery of a Notice of Termination for Good Reason), after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to the Executive by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company which specifically identifies the manner in which the Board or Chief Executive Officer of the Company believes that the Executive has not substantially performed the Executive s duties, or 
 (ii) the willful engaging by the Executive in illegal conduct or gross misconduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company. 
 
 6 

For purposes of this provision, no act or failure to act, on the part of the Executive, shall be considered willful unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the Executive s action or omission was in the best interests of the Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board, or if the Company is not the ultimate parent entity and is not publicly-traded, the board of directors (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent governing body) of the ultimate parent of the Company (the Applicable Board )or upon the instructions of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or a senior officer of the Company or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. The cessation of employment of the Executive shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters of the entire membership of the Applicable Board (excluding the Executive if the Executive is a member of the Applicable Board) at a meeting of the Applicable Board called and held for such purpose (after reasonable notice is provided to the Executive and the Executive is given an opportunity, together with counsel for the Executive, to be heard before the Applicable Board), finding that, in the good faith opinion of the Applicable Board, the Executive is guilty of the conduct described in subsection (i) or (ii), and specifying the particulars thereof in detail. 
 (c) Good Reason . The Executive s employment may be terminated by the Executive for Good Reason or by the Executive voluntarily without Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean 
 (i) the assignment to the Executive of any duties inconsistent in any respect with the Executive s position (including status, offices, titles and reporting requirements), authority, duties or responsibilities as contemplated by Section 5(a), or any other diminution in such position, authority, duties or responsibilities (whether or not occurring solely as a result of the Company s ceasing to be a publicly traded entity), excluding for this purpose an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the Executive 
 (ii) any failure by the Company to comply with any of the provisions of Section 5(b), other than an isolated, insubstantial, and inadvertent failure not occurring in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the Executive 
 (iii) the Company s requiring the Executive to be based at any office or location other than as provided in Section 5(a)(i)(B) or the Company s requiring the Executive to travel on Company business to a substantially greater extent than required immediately prior to the Effective Date 
 (iv) any purported termination by the Company of the Executive s employment otherwise than as expressly permitted by this Agreement or 
 (v) any failure by the Company to comply with and satisfy Section 12(c). 
 For purposes of this Section 6(c), any good faith determination of Good Reason made by the Executive shall be conclusive. 
 (d) Incapacity . The Executive s mental or physical incapacity following the occurrence of an event described in clauses (i) through (v) of Section 6(c) shall not affect the Executive s ability to terminate employment for Good Reason and the Executive s death following delivery of a Notice of Termination for Good Reason shall not affect the entitlement of the estate of the Executive to severance payments or benefits provided hereunder upon a termination of employment for Good Reason. 
 (e) Notice of Termination . Any termination of employment by the Company for Cause, or by the Executive for Good Reason, shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 13(b). For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination means a written notice which (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive s employment under the provision so indicated and (iii) if the Date of Termination (as defined below) is other than the date of receipt of such notice, specifies the Date of Termination (which date shall be not more than thirty days after 
 
 7 

the giving of such notice). The failure by the Executive or the Company to set forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Good Reason or Cause shall not waive any right of the Executive or the Company, respectively, hereunder or preclude the Executive or the Company, respectively, from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the Executive s or the Company s rights hereunder. 
 (f) Date of Termination . Date of Termination means (i) if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, or by the Executive for Good Reason, the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination or any later date specified therein, as the case may be, (ii) if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause or Disability, the date on which the Company notifies the Executive of such termination, (iii) if the Executive resigns without Good Reason, the date on which the Executive notifies the Company of such termination and (iv) if the Executive s employment is terminated by reason of death or Disability, the date of death of the Executive or the Disability Effective Date, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Date of Termination occur until the Executive experiences a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the date on which such separation from service takes place shall be the Date of Termination. 
 7. Obligations of the Company upon Termination . (a) Good Reason Other Than for Cause, Death or Disability . If, during the Employment Period, the Company shall terminate the Executive s employment other than for Cause, Death or Disability or the Executive shall terminate employment for Good Reason 
 (i) the Company shall pay to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days after the Date of Termination the aggregate of the following amounts 
 (A) the sum of (1) the Executive s Annual Base Salary through the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid, (2) the Executive s business expenses that are reimbursable pursuant to Section 5(b)(v) but have not been reimbursed by the Company as of the Date of Termination (3) the Executive s Annual Bonus for the fiscal year immediately preceding the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs, if such bonus has been determined but not paid as of the Date of Termination (4) any accrued vacation pay to the extent not theretofore paid (the sum of the amounts described in subclauses (1), (2), (3) and (4), the Accrued Obligations and (5) an amount equal to the product of (x) the Recent Average Bonus and (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the current fiscal year through the Date of Termination, and the denominator of which is 365 (the Pro Rata Bonus provided , that notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Executive has made an irrevocable election under any deferred compensation arrangement subject to Section 409A of the Code to defer any portion of the Annual Base Salary or the Annual Bonus described in clauses (1) or (3), then for all purposes of this Section 7 (including, without limitation, Sections 7(b) through 7(e)), such deferral election, and the terms of the applicable arrangement shall apply to the same portion of the amount described in such clause (1) or clause (3), and such portion shall not be considered as part of the Accrued Obligations but shall instead be an Other Benefit (as defined below) and 
 (B) the amount equal to the product of (1) two and (2) the sum of (x) the Executive s Annual Base Salary and (y) the Recent Average Bonus and 
 (C) an amount equal to the product of (1) two and (2) the sum of (a) the Company Retirement Contributions (as defined in the PHINIA Inc. Retirement Savings Plan RSP )) that would have been made under the RSP for the first Plan Year (as defined in the RSP) ending after the Date of Termination if there had been no Limitations (as defined below) on such Company Retirement Contributions and (b) an amount equal to the Company Matching Contributions (as defined in the RSP) that would have been made under the RSP in the first Plan Year after the Date of Termination if there had been no Limitations on such Company Matching Contributions, and assuming for these purposes that the Executive had elected to defer the maximum amount of Compensation (as defined in the RSP) permitted by the RSP (without regard to any Limitations on such deferral), and assuming for purposes of calculating the amounts in clauses (a) and (b) that the Executive had remained employed by the Company through the end of such Plan Year with compensation equal to that required by Section 5(b)(i) and 
 
 8 

Section 5(b)(ii) Limitations meaning limitations contained in the RSP, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ERISA or the Code) 
 (ii) for eighteen months following the Date of Termination (the Benefits Period ), the Company shall provide the Executive and his eligible dependents with medical and dental insurance coverage (the Health Care Benefits and life insurance benefits no less favorable to those which the Executive and his spouse and eligible dependents were receiving immediately prior to the Date of Termination or, if more favorable to such persons, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and the Affiliated Companies provided , however , that the Health Care Benefits shall be provided during the Benefits Period in such a manner that such benefits are excluded from the Executive s income for federal income tax purposes provided , further , however , that if the Executive becomes re-employed with another employer and is eligible to receive health care benefits under another employer-provided plan, the health care benefits provided hereunder shall be secondary to those provided under such other plan during such applicable period of eligibility. The receipt of the Health Care Benefits shall be conditioned upon the Executive continuing to pay the Applicable COBRA Premium with respect to the level of coverage that the Executive has elected for the Executive and the Executive s spouse and eligible dependents e.g. , single, single plus one, or family). During the portion of the Benefits Period in which the Executive and his eligible dependents continue to receive coverage under the Company s Health Care Benefits plans, the Company shall pay to the Executive a monthly amount equal to the Applicable COBRA Premium in respect of the maximum level of coverage that the Executive could have elected to receive for the Executive and the Executive s spouse and eligible dependents if the Executive were still an employee of the Company during the Benefits Period e.g. , single, single plus one, or family) regardless of what level of coverage is actually elected, which payment shall be paid in advance on the first payroll day of each month, commencing with the month immediately following the Executive s Date of Termination. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that, following the end of the Benefit Period, the Executive and the Executive s spouse and eligible dependents shall be eligible to elect continued health coverage pursuant to Section 4980B of the Code or other applicable law COBRA Coverage ), as if the Executive s employment with the Company had terminated as of the end of such period. For purposes of determining eligibility (but not the time of commencement of benefits) of the Executive for retiree welfare benefits pursuant to the Company s retiree welfare benefit plans, if any, the Executive shall be considered to have remained employed until the end of the Benefit Period and to have retired on the last day of such period. For purposes of this Provision, Applicable COBRA Premium means the monthly premium in effect from time to time for coverage provided to former employees under Section 4980B of the Code and the regulations thereunder with respect to a particular level of coverage e.g. , single, single plus one, or family). 
 (iii) the Company shall, at its sole expense as incurred, provide the Executive with outplacement services the scope and provider of which shall be selected by the Executive in the Executive s sole discretion, but the cost thereof shall not exceed 40,000 provided , further , that such outplacement benefits shall end not later than the last day of the second calendar year that begins after the Date of Termination and 
 (iv) except as otherwise set forth in the last sentence of Section 8, to the extent not theretofore paid or provided, the Company shall timely pay or provide to the Executive any other amounts or benefits required to be paid or provided or which the Executive is eligible to receive under any plan, program, policy or practice or contract or agreement of the Company and its affiliated companies (such other amounts and benefits shall be hereinafter referred to as the Other Benefits in accordance with the terms of the underlying plans or agreements. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 7(a)(i) and Section 7(a)(ii), in the event that the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code (as determined in accordance with the methodology established by the Company as in effect on the Date of Termination) (a Specified Employee ), amounts that constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code that would otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided under Section 7(a)(i) or Section 7(a)(ii) during the six-month period immediately following the Date of Termination (other than the Accrued Obligations) shall instead be paid, with interest on any delayed payment at the applicable federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code Interest determined as of the Date of Termination, or provided on the first business day after the date that is six months following the Executive s Date of Termination (the Delayed Payment Date 
 
 9 

(b) Death . If the Executive s employment is terminated by reason of the Executive s death during the Employment Period, the Company shall provide the Executive s estate or beneficiaries with the Accrued Obligations and the Pro Rata Bonus and the timely payment or delivery of the Other Benefits, and shall have no other severance obligations under this Agreement. The Accrued Obligations (subject to the proviso set forth in Section 7(a)(1)(A) to the extent applicable) and the Pro Rata Bonus shall be paid to the Executive s estate or beneficiary, as applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination. With respect to the provision of the Other Benefits, the term Other Benefits as utilized in this Section 7(b) shall include, without limitation, and the Executive s estate and or beneficiaries shall be entitled to receive, benefits (either pursuant to a plan, program, practice or policy or an individual arrangement) at least equal to the most favorable benefits provided by the Company and the affiliated companies to the estates and beneficiaries of peer executives of the Company and such affiliated companies under such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to death benefits, if any, as in effect with respect to other peer executives and their beneficiaries at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive s estate and or the Executive s beneficiaries, as in effect on the date of the Executive s death with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies and their beneficiaries. 
 (c) Disability . If the Executive s employment is terminated by reason of the Executive s Disability during the Employment Period, the Company shall provide the Executive with the Accrued Obligations and Pro Rata Bonus and the timely payment or delivery of the Other Benefits in accordance with the terms of the underlying plans or agreements, and shall have no other severance obligations under this Agreement. The Accrued Obligations (subject to the proviso set forth in Section 7(a)(1)(A) to the extent applicable) and the Pro Rata Bonus shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination, provided , that in the event that the Executive is a Specified Employee, the Pro Rata Bonus shall be paid, with Interest, to the Executive on the Delayed Payment Date. With respect to the provision of the Other Benefits, the term Other Benefits as utilized in this Section 7(c) shall include, and the Executive shall be entitled after the Disability Effective Date to receive, disability and other benefits (either pursuant to a plan, program, practice or policy or an individual arrangement) at least equal to the most favorable of those generally provided by the Company and the affiliated companies to disabled executives and or their families in accordance with such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to disability, if any, as in effect generally with respect to other peer executives and their families at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive and or the Executive s family, as in effect at any time thereafter generally with respect to other peer executives of the Company and the affiliated companies and their families. 
 (d) Cause . If the Executive s employment is terminated for Cause during the Employment Period, the Company shall provide the Executive with the Executive s Annual Base Salary (subject to the proviso set forth in Section 7(a)(1)(A) to the extent applicable) through the Date of Termination, and the timely payment or delivery of the Other Benefits, and shall have no other severance obligations under this Agreement. 
 (e) Other than for Good Reason . If the Executive voluntarily terminates employment during the Employment Period, excluding a termination for Good Reason, the Company shall provide to the Executive the Accrued Obligations and the Pro Rata Bonus and the timely payment or delivery of the Other Benefits and shall have no other severance obligations under this Agreement. In such case, all the Accrued Obligations (subject to the proviso set forth in Section 7(a)(1)(A) to the extent applicable) and the Pro Rata Bonus shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination, provided , that in the event that the Executive is a Specified Employee, the Pro Rata Bonus shall be paid, with Interest, to the Executive on the Delayed Payment Date. 
 8. Non-exclusivity of Rights . Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or limit the Executive s continuing or future participation in any plan, program, policy, or practice provided by the Company or any of its affiliated companies and for which the Executive may qualify, nor, subject to Section 13(f), shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights as the Executive may have under any other contract or agreement with the Company or any of its affiliated companies. Amounts which are vested benefits or which the Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, policy, practice, or program of or any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its affiliated companies at or subsequent to the Date of Termination shall be payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program or contract or agreement except as explicitly modified by this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Executive s resignation under this Agreement with or without Good Reason, shall in no way affect the Executive s ability to terminate employment by reason of the Executive s retirement under any compensation and benefits plans, programs or arrangements of the affiliated companies, including without limitation any retirement or pension plans or arrangements or to be eligible to receive benefits under any compensation or benefit plans, programs or arrangements of the Company or 
 
 10 

any of its affiliated companies, including without limitation any retirement or pension plan or arrangement of the Company or any of its affiliated companies or substitute plans adopted by the Company or its successors, and any termination which otherwise qualifies as Good Reason shall be treated as such even if it is also a retirement for purposes of any such plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Executive receives payments and benefits pursuant to Section 7(a), the Executive shall not be entitled to any severance pay or benefits under any severance plan, program or policy of the Company and the affiliated companies, unless otherwise specifically provided therein in a specific reference to this Agreement. 
 9. Full Settlement Legal Fees . The Company s obligation to make the payments provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense, or other claim, right or action which the Company may have against the Executive or others. In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and except as specifically provided in Section 7(a)(ii), such amounts shall not be reduced whether or not the Executive obtains other employment. The Company agrees to pay as incurred (within 10 days following the Company s receipt of an invoice from the Executive), at any time from the Effective Date through the Executive s remaining lifetime (or, if longer, through the 20th anniversary of the Effective Date) to the full extent permitted by law, all legal fees and expenses which the Executive may reasonably incur as a result of any contest (regardless of the outcome thereof) by the Company, the Executive or others of the validity or enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement or any guarantee of performance thereof whether such contest is between the Company and the Executive or between either of them and any third party, and (including as a result of any contest by the Executive about the amount of any payment pursuant to this Agreement), plus in each case Interest determined as of the date such legal fees and expenses were incurred. In order to comply with Section 409A of the Code, in no event shall the payments by the Company under this Section 9 be made later than the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which such fees and expenses were incurred, provided that the Executive or the Executive s estate shall have submitted an invoice for such fees and expenses at least 10 days before the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which such fees and expenses were incurred. The amount of such legal fees and expenses that the Company is obligated to pay in any given calendar year shall not affect the legal fees and expenses that the Company is obligated to pay in any other calendar year, and the Executive s right to have the Company pay such legal fees and expenses may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit. 
 10. Certain Reduction of Payments by the Company . 
 (a) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event the independent accounting firm then used by the Company or such other nationally recognized certified public accounting firm as may be designated by the Executive (the Accounting Firm shall determine that receipt of all payments, distributions or benefits provided by the Company or the affiliated companies in the nature of compensation to or for the Executive s benefit, whether paid or payable pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise (a Payment ), would subject the Executive to the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, the Accounting Firm shall determine whether to reduce any of the Payments paid or payable pursuant to this Agreement (the Agreement Payments to the Reduced Amount (as defined below). The Agreement Payments shall be reduced to the Reduced Amount only if the Accounting Firm determines that the Executive would have a greater Net After-Tax Receipt (as defined below) of aggregate Payments if the Executive s Agreement Payments were reduced to the Reduced Amount. If the Accounting Firm determines that the Executive would not have a greater Net After-Tax Receipt of aggregate Payments if the Executive s Agreement Payments were so reduced, the Executive shall receive all Agreement Payments to which the Executive is entitled under this Agreement. 
 (b) If the Accounting Firm determines that aggregate Agreement Payments should be reduced to the Reduced Amount, the Company shall promptly give the Executive notice to that effect and a copy of the detailed calculation thereof. All determinations made by the Accounting Firm under this Section 10 shall be binding upon the Company and the Executive and shall be made as soon as reasonably practicable and in no event later than fifteen (15) days following the Date of Termination. For purposes of reducing the Agreement Payments to the Reduced Amount, only amounts payable under this Agreement (and no other Payments) shall be reduced. The reduction hereunder of the amounts payable, if applicable, shall be made by reducing the Payments in the following order to the extent such Payments have not already been made at the time the reductions hereunder have become applicable (i) the Payment with the higher ratio of the parachute payment value (as determined for purposes of Code Section 280G) to present economic value (determined using reasonable actuarial assumptions) shall be reduced or eliminated before a Payment with a lower ratio (ii) the Payment with the later possible payment date shall be reduced or eliminated before a Payment with an earlier payment date and (iii) cash Payments shall be reduced prior to non-cash benefits provided that if the foregoing order of reduction or elimination would violate Section 
 
 11 

409A of the Code, then the reduction shall be made pro rata among the Payments on the basis of the relative present value of the Payments. All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company. 
 (c) As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section 4999 of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the Accounting Firm hereunder, it is possible that amounts will have been paid or distributed by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive pursuant to this Agreement which should not have been so paid or distributed Overpayment or that additional amounts which will have not been paid or distributed by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive pursuant to this Agreement could have been so paid or distributed Underpayment ), in each case, consistent with the calculation of the Reduced Amount hereunder. In the event that the Accounting Firm, based upon the assertion of a deficiency by the Internal Revenue Service against either the Company or the Executive which the Accounting Firm believes has a high probability of success determines that an Overpayment has been made, the Executive shall pay any such Overpayment to the Company together with Interest provided , however , that no amount shall be payable by the Executive to the Company if and to the extent such payment would not either reduce the amount on which the Executive is subject to tax under Section 1 and Section 4999 of the Code or generate a refund of such taxes. In the event that the Accounting Firm, based upon controlling precedent or substantial authority, determines that an Underpayment has occurred, any such Underpayment shall be paid promptly (and in no event later than 60 days following the date on which the Underpayment is determined) by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive together with Interest. 
 (d) For purposes hereof, the following terms have the meanings set forth below 
 (i) Reduced Amount shall mean the greatest amount of Agreement Payments that can be paid that would not result in the imposition of the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code if the Accounting Firm determines to reduce Agreement Payments pursuant to Section 10(a). 
 (ii) Net After-Tax Receipt shall mean the present value (as determined in accordance with Sections 280G(b)(2)(A)(ii) and 280G(d)(4) of the Code) of a Payment net of all taxes imposed on the Executive with respect thereto under Sections 1 and 4999 of the Code and under applicable state and local laws, determined by applying the highest marginal rate under Section 1 of the Code and under state and local laws which applied to the Executive s taxable income for the immediately preceding taxable year, or such other rate(s) as the Accounting Firm determined to be likely to apply to the Executive in the relevant tax year(s). 
 (e) To the extent requested by the Executive, the Company shall cooperate with the Executive in good faith in valuing, and the Accounting Firm shall take into account the value of, services provided or to be provided by the Executive (including without limitation, the Executive agreeing to refrain from performing services pursuant to a covenant not to compete or similar covenant) before, on or after the date of a change in ownership or control of the Company (within the meaning of Q&A-2(b) of Section 280G of the Code), such that payments in respect of such services (or refraining from performing such services) may be considered reasonable compensation within the meaning of Q&A-9 and Q&A-40 to Q&A-44 of Section 280G of the Code and or exempt from the definition of the term parachute payment within the meaning of Q&A-2(a) of Section 280G of the Code in accordance with Q&A-5(a) of Section 280G of the Code. 
 11. Confidential Information . The Executive shall hold in a fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Company all secret or confidential information, knowledge or data relating to the Company or any of its affiliated companies, and their respective businesses, which shall have been obtained by the Executive during the Executive s employment by the Company or any of its affiliated companies and which shall not be or become public knowledge (other than by acts by the Executive or representatives of the Executive in violation of this Agreement). After termination of the Executive s employment with the Company, the Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company or as may otherwise be required by law or legal process, communicate, or divulge any such information, knowledge, or data to anyone other than the Company and those persons designated by it. In no event shall an asserted violation of the provisions of this Section 11 constitute a basis for deferring or withholding any amounts otherwise payable to the Executive under this Agreement, but the Company otherwise shall be entitled to all other remedies that may be available to it at law or equity. 
 12. Successors . (a) This Agreement is personal to the Executive and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by the Executive other than by will or the 
 
 12 

laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive s legal representatives. 
 (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. Except as provided in Section 12(c), without the prior written consent of the Executive this Agreement shall not be assignable by the Company. 
 (c) The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Company shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise. 
 13. Miscellaneous . (a) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. The captions of this Agreement are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect. Subject to the last sentence of Section 13(g), this Agreement may not be amended or modified other than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors and legal representatives. 
 (b) All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by hand delivery to the other party or by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows 
 If to the Executive 
 EXECUTIVE NAME EXECUTIVE ADDRESS 
 If to the Company PHINIA Inc. 
 3000 University Drive Auburn Hills, MI 48326 
 or to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith. Notice and communications shall be effective when actually received by the addressee. 
 (c) The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. 
 (d) The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such Federal, state, local or foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 
 (e) The Executive s or the Company s failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision hereof or any other provision of this Agreement or the failure to assert any right the Executive or the Company may have hereunder, including, without limitation, the right of the Executive to terminate employment for Good Reason pursuant to Section 6(c)(i)-(v), shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such provision or right or any other provision or right of this Agreement. 
 (f) The Executive and the Company acknowledge that, except as may otherwise be provided under any other written agreement between the Executive and the Company, the employment of the Executive by the Company is at will and, subject to Section 1(a), prior to the Effective Date, the Executive s employment may be terminated by either the Executive or the Company at any time prior to the Effective Date, in which case the Executive shall have no further rights under this Agreement. From and after the Effective Date, this Agreement shall supersede any other agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 (g) The Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code or an exemption or exclusion therefrom and, with respect to amounts that are subject to Section 409A of the Code, shall in all respects be administered in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Each payment under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the 
 
 13 

Code. In no event may the Executive, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under this Agreement. If the Executive dies following the Date of Termination and prior to the payment of the any amounts delayed on account of Section 409A of the Code, such amounts shall be paid to the personal representative of the Executive s estate within 30 days after the date of the Executive s death. All reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement that constitute deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, including, without limitation, that (i) in no event shall reimbursements by the Company under this Agreement be made later than the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which the applicable fees and expenses were incurred, provided , that the Executive shall have submitted an invoice for such fees and expenses at least 10 days before the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which such fees and expenses were incurred (ii) the amount of in-kind benefits that the Company is obligated to pay or provide in any given calendar year shall not affect the in-kind benefits that the Company is obligated to pay or provide in any other calendar year (iii) the Executive s right to have the Company pay or provide such reimbursements and in-kind benefits may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit and (iv) in no event shall the Company s obligations to make such reimbursements or to provide such in-kind benefits apply later than the Executive s remaining lifetime (or if longer, through the 20th anniversary of the Effective Date). Prior to the Effective Date but within the time period permitted by the applicable Treasury Regulations, the Company may, in consultation with the Executive, modify the Agreement, in the least restrictive manner necessary and without any diminution in the value of the payments to the Executive, in order to cause the provisions of the Agreement to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, so as to avoid the imposition of taxes and penalties on the Executive pursuant to Section 409A of the Code. 
 14. Survivorship . Upon the expiration or other termination of this Agreement or the Executive s employment, the respective rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall survive to the extent necessary to carry out the intentions of the parties under this Agreement. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive has hereunto set the Executive s hand and, pursuant to the authorization from its Board of Directors, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed in its name on its behalf, all as of the day and year first above written. 

EXECUTIVE 

NAME 

PHINIA Inc. 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

14 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 4
 phinia-ex1028amendmenttoch.htm
 EX-10.28

Document 

Exhibit 10.28 
 AMENDMENT TO CHANGE OF CONTROL EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 WHEREAS, PHINIA Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and _____________ (the Executive previously entered into a Change of Control Employment Agreement Agreement dated as of the ___ of _______ 2023. 
 WHEREAS, Section 11 of the Agreement set forth certain provisions related to protection of the Company s confidential information, which the Company and Executive seek to amend at this time. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY AGREED, AND EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES, AS FOLLOWS 
 First, Section 11 of the Agreement is amended and restated as follows 
 11. Confidential Information . The Executive shall hold in a fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Company all secret or confidential information, knowledge or data relating to the Company or any of its affiliated companies, and their respective businesses, which shall have been obtained by the Executive during the Executive s employment by the Company or any of its affiliated companies and which shall not be or become public knowledge (other than by acts by the Executive or representatives of the Executive in violation of this Agreement). After termination of the Executive s employment with the Company, the Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company or as may otherwise be required by law or legal process, communicate, or divulge any such information, knowledge, or data to anyone other than the Company and those persons designated by it. In no event shall an asserted violation of the provisions of this Section 11 constitute a basis for deferring or withholding any amounts otherwise payable to the Executive under this Agreement, but the Company otherwise shall be entitled to all other remedies that may be available to it at law or equity. 
 Executive understands that nothing contained in this Agreement limits Executive s ability to file a charge or complaint with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other federal, state, or local governmental regulatory or law enforcement agency Government Agencies ). Executive further understands that nothing in this Agreement limits Executive s ability to communicate with, and disclose information to, any Government Agencies or otherwise participate in or fully cooperate with any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to or approval from the Company. Executive can provide information to Government Agencies without risk of retaliation or being held liable by the Company for liquidated damages or other penalties. This Agreement also does not limit Executive s right to receive an award for information provided to any Government Agencies. 
 
 Additionally, consistent with the preceding paragraph and pursuant to the U.S. Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive may disclose Trade Secrets in confidence, either directly or indirectly, to Government Agencies, for the purpose described in the preceding paragraph. If trade secrets are included in or attached to a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, such filing must be made under seal. Additionally, if Executive files a retaliation lawsuit for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose related Trade Secrets to their attorney and use them in related court proceedings, as long as Executive files documents containing the Trade Secret under seal and does not otherwise disclose the Trade Secret except pursuant to court order. 
 
 Second, all other provisions of the Agreement remain unchanged. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive has hereunto set the Executive s hand and, pursuant to the authorization from its Board of Directors, the Company has caused this Amendment to Change of Control Employment Agreement to be executed in its name on its behalf, all as of the ___ of _______ , 2024. 

1 

EXECUTIVE 

NAME 

PHINIA Inc. 

By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 2 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.29>
 5
 phinia-ex1029amendedandres.htm
 EX-10.29

Document 

Exhibit 10.29 
 PHINIA Inc. Amended and Restated Retirement Savings Excess Benefit Plan 
 RECITALS 
 A. BorgWarner Inc. BorgWarner sponsors the BorgWarner Inc. Retirement Savings Excess Benefit Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009, as amended from time to time BW Excess Plan ), to provide benefits to certain employees whose participation in and benefits under the BorgWarner Retirement Savings Plan, as amended from time to time BW Savings Plan ), are limited by provisions in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including without limitation, Sections 401(a)(17), 401(k)(3), 401(m), 402(e) and 415 of the Code. 
 B. BorgWarner and PHINIA Inc. Corporation entered into a Separation and Distribution Agreement dated July 3, 2023 Separation Agreement governing the Separation Transaction (as defined in the Separation Agreement). 
 C. The Corporation and BorgWarner entered into an Employee Matters Agreement effective July 3, 2023 EM Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions governing employee matters related to the Separation Transaction. In connection with the Separation Transaction, the Corporation established this Plan, and the Company (as defined below) assumed the obligations and liabilities from the Transferred BW Excess Plan Participants. 
 D. Any benefits due under the BW Excess Plan with respect to Transferred BW Excess Plan Participants will now be the sole responsibility of Company and this Plan, and any such benefits accrued but not yet paid under the BW Excess Plan immediately prior to the Effective Date, will be administered and paid under the terms of this Plan. All designations of beneficiaries, deferral elections, and distribution elections made under the BW Excess Plan by Transferred BW Excess Plan Participants and in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date will continue to apply and be administered under this Plan, until such designation or election expires or is otherwise changed or revoked in accordance with the terms of this Plan and Section 409A of the Code. 
 E. In connection with the Separation Transaction, the Corporation also established the PHINIA Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan DC Plan effective January 1, 2024. 
 F. The Corporation now desires that the DC Plan be merged with and into this Plan effective January 1, 2024. 
 1. Plan Merger. 
 Effective January 1, 2024 Effective Date ), the Corporation merges the DC Plan with and into this Plan Plan Merger ). The recitals in this Plan are hereby incorporated as terms of the Plan as of the Effective Date. 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, special provisions shall be applicable to the DC Plan Participants (defined below) regarding contributions and credits to the DC Plan Accounts (defined below), vesting of amounts credited to the DC Plan Accounts, and distribution of benefits from the DC Plan Accounts (such special provisions collectively referred to as DC Plan Provisions ). The DC Plan Provisions are set forth in the supplement attached hereto as Exhibit A Supplement ), incorporated herein by reference, and such provisions only apply with respect to the DC Plan Accounts. The administration of the DC Plan Accounts shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Supplement. 
 (a) Each DC Plan Participant who had an account balance in the DC Plan as of the Effective Date shall automatically become a participant in the Plan, to the extent the DC Plan Participant is not already a participant in the Plan, and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan and the Supplement. 
 (b) All beneficiary designations, deferral elections and distribution elections made by each DC Plan Participant under the DC Plan prior to the Effective Date shall continue to apply and shall be administered under this Plan and the Supplement. 
 (c) The notional account balance, if any, under the DC Plan for each DC Plan Participant shall be transferred to a DC Plan Account. Account balances shall continue to be subject to the same investment elections that were made under the DC Plan until the DC Plan Participant makes a new investment election in accordance with the provisions of this Plan. 

2. Definitions. 
 Except as otherwise provided in the Supplement with regard to the DC Plan Accounts, when capitalized, the following definitions shall apply under the Plan. Any capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the RSP or Separation Agreement unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. 
 2.01 Account . The term Account means, with respect to any Participant, the Participant's Supplementary Company Retirement Account and the Participant's Supplementary Savings Account and any subaccounts maintained with respect to a Participant. 
 2.02 Beneficiary . The term Beneficiary means the person, persons or trust designated to receive a benefit under the Plan, including the balance of the DC Plan Account, where applicable, after the death of a Participant. In the absence of a valid beneficiary designation under the Plan, the Participant s designated beneficiary under the RSP shall be the Beneficiary. In the absence of a valid beneficiary designation under the Plan and the RSP, the Beneficiary shall be determined in the same manner that a beneficiary would have been determined for the Participant under the RSP. 
 2.03 Code . The term Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and any successor thereto. 
 2.04 Code Section 409A . The term Code Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, and the regulations and other guidance issued by the Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Service thereunder. 
 2.05 Company . The term Company means, individually, the Corporation and the Corporation's divisions, subsidiaries, joint ventures and affiliates which are participating in the Plan. Divisions of the Corporation shall participate in the Plan as determined from time to time by the Committee. Subsidiaries and affiliates shall participate in the Plan by taking appropriate corporate action with the Committee's consent. 
 2.06 Compensation . The term Compensation means the regular salary, overtime pay and any bonus during any Plan Year provided, however, that for purposes of determining the amount credited to the Supplemental Retirement Accounts under Sections 5 and 6 hereof, the Compensation of each Participant shall include such Participant's Before-Tax Contributions under the RSP, and such term shall not be limited to the maximum amount of the Participant's Compensation taken into consideration for purposes of the RSP. 
 2.07 DC Plan Account . The term DC Plan Account means the bookkeeping account (and any subaccounts) for a DC Plan Participant that is established and maintained under the Plan to record the transfer of the DC Plan Participant s balance from the DC Plan (if any), adjusted as determined under Section 10 hereof. 
 2.08 DC Plan Participant . The term DC Plan Participant means PHINIA Inc. employees who as of July 3, 2023 have a balance in the frozen BorgWarner Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 2.09 Employee. The term Employee means an Employee of the Company as defined in the RSP. 
 2.10 Participant . The term Participant means any Employee participating in the RSP (i) whose base compensation is classified as Salary Grade 16 or higher (or any comparable replacement classification implemented by the Company) and (ii) whose participation in and benefits under the RSP are limited by provisions in the Code, including, without limitation, Sections 401(a)(17), 401(k)(3), 401(m), 402(g)(1) and 415 of the Code. An Employee who ceases to meet all of the criteria established to be a Participant for a Plan Year shall not be eligible to participate in the Plan during such Plan Year. If an Employee ceases to meet the requirement to be a Participant but remains an Employee, no additional amounts shall be credited under Sections 5 or 6 of the Plan unless and until the Participant shall re-attain eligibility under the Plan. Where applicable, Participant shall also include Transferred BW Excess Plan Participants and DC Plan Participants. 
 2.11 Plan . The term Plan means the PHINIA Inc. Amended and Restated Retirement Savings Excess Benefit Plan, as may be amended from time to time. 
 2.12 Plan Year . The term Plan Year means the accounting year of the RSP, which is maintained on a January 1 through December 31 basis. 
 2.13 Pre-2005 Account Balance . The Term Pre-2005 Account Balance means the amounts credited to the BW Excess Plan on behalf of a Participant prior to January 1, 2005, and earnings thereon, that were vested as of December 31, 2004. 
 2 

2.14 Post-2004 Account Balance . The Term Post-2004 Account Balance means (i) the amounts credited to the BW Excess Plan on behalf of a Participant on or after January 1, 2005 or that vested on or after January 1, 2005, and earnings thereon and (ii) all amounts credited to this Plan on behalf of a Participant, and earnings thereon. 
 2.15 Separation from Service . The term Separation from Service means the date on which a Participant dies, retires, or otherwise has a termination of employment from the Company within the meaning of Code Section 409A and Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h), or its successor. 
 2.16 Spin-Off . The term Spin-Off means the spin-off of the SpinCo Business in accordance with the terms of the Separation Agreement. 
 2.17 Supplementary Company Retirement Account . The term Supplementary Company Retirement Account means the account maintained for a Participant to which is credited the amount determined under Section 5 hereof, adjusted as determined under Section 10 hereof. 
 2.18 Supplementary Savings Account . The term Supplementary Savings Account means the account maintained for a Participant to which is credited the amount determined under Section 6 hereof, adjusted as determined under Section 10 hereof. 
 2.19 Transferred BW Excess Plan Participants . The term Transferred BW Excess Plan Participants means Transferred Corporation Participants, Transferred Corporation Participant Beneficiaries, and Transferred Former Employees. 
 2.20 Transferred Corporation Participant . The term Transferred Corporation Participant means each Employee as of immediately after the effective time of the Spin-Off who was participating in the BW Excess Plan and who becomes a Plan Participant as of the Effective Date in accordance with Section 4 below. 
 2.21 Transferred Corporation Participant Beneficiary . The term Transferred Corporation Participant Beneficiary means each dependent, beneficiary, alternate payee, and alternative recipient, as applicable, of a Transferred Corporation Participant who was due benefits under the BW Excess Plan with respect to the Transferred Corporation Participant as of the effective time of the Spin-Off. 
 2.22 Transferred Former Employee . The term Transferred Former Employee means Former Employee as defined in the EM Agreement who was due benefits under the BW Excess Plan as of the effective time of the Spin-Off. 
 2.23 Unforeseeable Emergency . The term Unforeseeable Emergency means a severe financial hardship to the Participant resulting from an illness or accident of the Participant, the Participant's spouse, the Participant's dependent (as defined in Code Section 152, without regard to Section 152(b)(1), (b)(2), and (d)(1)(B)), or a Beneficiary loss of the Participant's property due to casualty (including the need to rebuild a home following damage to a home not otherwise covered by insurance, for example, as a result of a natural disaster) or other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant. The types of events which may qualify as an Unforeseeable Emergency may be limited by the Committee. 
 2.24 Valuation Date . The term Valuation Date means a date as of which each Investment Fund under the RSP is valued and the Participant's Accounts and DC Plan Accounts adjusted as provided in Article 10 thereof. Each Business Date (any day on which the New York Stock Exchange is open for trading and on which the principal office of the Administrative Services Provider, as such term is defined in the RSP, is open) during the Plan Year shall be deemed a Valuation Date. 
 3. Administration. 
 3.01 Generally . This Plan shall be administered by a committee of one or more persons established and appointed by the Corporation to administer the RSP (the Committee ). The Committee shall have the sole responsibility for the administration of the Plan. A Committee member may resign by written notice to, or may be removed by, the Corporation, which shall appoint a successor to fill any vacancy on the Committee, howsoever caused. An Employee's membership on the Committee shall automatically terminate upon such Employee's termination of employment with the Corporation and all of the Corporation's subsidiaries, joint ventures and affiliates. 
 3 

3.02 Appointment and Duties of the Committee . The Committee may delegate its responsibilities hereunder to one or more persons to serve at the Committee's discretion. The Committee or its delegate(s) shall have such powers as may be necessary to discharge its duties hereunder, including, but not by way of limitation, the following 
 (i) To administer and enforce the Plan, including the discretionary and exclusive authority to interpret the Plan, to make all factual and legal determinations under the Plan and to resolve questions as between the Company and Participants or Beneficiaries, including questions which relate to eligibility and distributions from the Plan, to remedy possible ambiguities, inconsistencies or omissions, and decisions on claims which shall, subject to the claims procedures under the Plan, be conclusive and binding upon all persons hereunder, including, without limitation, Participants, other employees of the Company, Beneficiaries, and former Participants, and their executors, administrators, conservators, or heirs 
 (ii) To prescribe procedures to be followed by Participants or Beneficiaries filing applications for benefits 
 (iii) To prepare and distribute, in such manner as the Committee determines to be appropriate, information explaining the Plan 
 (iv) To receive from the Company and from Participants such information as shall be necessary for the proper administration of the Plan 
 (v) To furnish the Company, upon request, such reports with respect to the administration of the Plan as are reasonable and appropriate 
 (vi) To receive, review and keep on file (as it deems convenient or proper) reports of the receipts and disbursements under the Plan 
 (vii) To appoint or employ individuals to assist in the administration of the Plan and any other agents it deems advisable, including legal counsel, third party administrators TPAs ), and such clerical, medical, accounting, auditing, actuarial and other services as it may require in carrying out the provisions of the Plan or in connection with any legal claim or proceeding involving the Plan, to settle, compromise, contest, prosecute or abandon claims in favor of or against the Plan and 
 (viii) To discharge all other duties set forth herein. 
 3.03 Recusal . No member of the Committee shall participate in any action on any matters involving solely his or her own rights or benefits as a Participant under the Plan, and any such matters shall be determined by the other members of the Committee. 
 3.04 Direction on Payments . The Committee, or the person or persons designated by the Committee, shall review and approve all distributions from the Plan, including requests for distributions by reason of an Unforeseeable Emergency. 
 3.05 Actions by the Committee . The Committee may act at a meeting or by writing without a meeting, by the vote or assent of a majority of its members. The Committee may adopt such by-laws and regulations as it deems desirable for the conduct of its affairs and the administration of the Plan. A dissenting Committee member who, within a reasonable time after he or she has knowledge of any action or failure to act by the majority, registers his or her dissent in writing delivered to the other Committee members shall not be responsible for any such action or failure to act. 
 3.06 Expenses of the Committee . Members of the Committee shall not receive compensation from the Plan for those services they perform as the Committee members while employed by the Company. Any and all necessary expenses related to Plan administration shall be paid by the Corporation and each participating Company but may be charged against Plan Accounts. 
 3.07 Records of the Committee . The Committee shall keep a record of all of its meetings and shall keep all such books of account, records and other data as may be necessary or desirable in its judgment for the 
 4 

administration of the Plan. The Committee may retain a TPA to perform some or all of its Plan record-keeping functions. 
 3.08 Information from Participant . The Committee may require a Participant to complete and file with the Committee written or electronic forms approved by the Committee, and to furnish all pertinent information requested by such Committee. The Committee may rely upon all such information so furnished, including the Participant's current mailing address. 
 3.09 Spin-Off 
 (i) Pursuant to the terms of the EM Agreement, as of the Effective Date, the Company and the Plan shall assume all liabilities and obligations of BorgWarner under the BW Excess Plan with respect to each Transferred BW Excess Plan Participant, including for any benefits due under the plan to a Transferred BW Excess Plan Participant, and such benefits shall be administered and paid under the terms of this Plan provided, however, that all beneficiary designations, deferral elections and distribution elections made by such Transferred BW Excess Plan Participant under the BW Excess Plan prior to the Effective Date shall continue to apply and shall be administered under this Plan. 
 (ii) As of the Effective Date, the Plan shall assume and honor the terms of all domestic relations orders in effect under the BW Excess Plan in respect of Transferred BW Excess Plan Participant. 
 4. Eligibility. 
 An Employee who meets the criteria established to be a Participant, as set forth herein, shall be eligible for benefits hereunder provided, however, that in no event shall a Participant who is not entitled to benefits under the RSP be eligible for a benefit under this Plan except as otherwise provided in the Supplement. 
 In connection with the Spin-Off and pursuant to the terms of the EM Agreement, each Transferred Corporation Participant shall automatically become a Plan Participant as of the Effective Date. 
 In connection with the Plan Merger, each DC Plan Participant shall automatically become a Plan Participant as of the Effective Date to the extent the DC Plan Participant is not already a participant in the Plan. 
 5. Supplementary Company Retirement Account. 
 The Corporation shall credit an amount to each Participant's Supplementary Company Retirement Account equal to the excess of (i) the Company Retirement Contributions that would have been made under the RSP in a Plan Year, without regard to any limitations on such Company Retirement Contributions contained in the RSP and or any cap on Compensation therein, over (ii) the actual Company Retirement Contribution made under the RSP. 
 6. Supplementary Savings Account. 
 The Corporation shall credit an amount to each Participant's Supplementary Savings Account equal to 3 of the Participant s Compensation in excess of the amount described in Section 401(a)(17) of the Code. 
 7. No Participant Contributions. 
 Contributions to the Plan by Participants, whether on a salary reduction basis or otherwise, are not required and are not permitted, except as otherwise provided in the Supplement. 
 8. Vesting. 
 The amounts credited to a Participant's Supplementary Company Retirement Account and his Supplementary Savings Account shall vest in the same manner as under the RSP. 
 9. Distribution of Benefits. 
 9.01 Generally . A Participant's vested Account shall be distributed to the Participant as follows 
 5 

(i) Pre-2005 Account Balances . A Participant's vested Pre-2005 Account Balance shall be distributed to the Participant in cash in a single sum within thirty (30) days following the date of the Participant's Separation from Service. 
 (ii) Post-2004 Account Balances . A Participant's vested Post-2004 Account Balance and vested Supplementary Company Retirement Account balance and vested Supplementary Savings Account balance shall be distributed to the Participant in cash in a single sum in the seventh month following the month in which the Participant's Separation from Service occurs. 
 9.02 No In-Service Withdrawals or Loans . No in-service withdrawals or Participant loans are available under the Plan, except as otherwise provided in the Supplement. 
 9.03 Unforeseeable Emergency . A Participant or Beneficiary entitled to vested benefits under the Plan may request a single-sum distribution in cash to satisfy an Unforeseeable Emergency. The distribution shall be limited to the amount necessary to satisfy the Unforeseeable Emergency (including any applicable federal, state or local taxes attributable to such distribution), and shall not exceed the current value of the Participants vested Account balance and DC Plan Account balance. The determination of the existence of an Unforeseeable Emergency and the approval of an Unforeseeable Emergency distribution shall be made by the Committee. Approval shall be given only if, taking into account all of the facts and circumstances, failure to grant such request would result in a severe financial hardship to the Participant or Beneficiary. Approval shall not be granted if such hardship is or may be relieved through insurance, by liquidation of his or her assets (to the extent such liquidation would not itself cause severe financial hardship). The amount of payment permitted hereunder shall in no event exceed the amount permitted under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(3)(ii), or its successor. 
 10. Investments. 
 On each Valuation Date, for each Participant, the Corporation shall determine in which of the Investment Funds under Article 9 of the RSP the accounts of the Participant under the RSP and the DC Plan Accounts were invested for that Valuation Date. The Corporation shall then credit the Participant Supplementary Company Retirement Account and Supplementary Savings Account to reflect (i) earnings or expenses and recognized gains or losses of the Investment Funds since the preceding Valuation Date and (ii) any adjustments reflecting a revaluation in the total fair market value of the Investment Funds that have been made by the Trustee under the RSP, as if the Participant's Supplementary Company Retirement Account had been invested in the same proportion and manner as his Company Retirement Account under the RSP, and as if his Supplementary Savings Account had been invested in the same proportion and manner as his Savings Account under the RSP. The Corporation shall adjust the DC Plan Account, as if the portion of the DC Plan Account allocated to an Investment Fund were actually invested in such Investment Fund. The Committee may instead offer Participants different investment funds options than the Investment Funds offered under the RSP or allow Participants to invest their Accounts or DC Plan Accounts under the Plan in a different manner than the manner in which the Participants invest their accounts under the RSP. 
 11. Unfunded Status. 
 All benefits payable under this Plan to or on behalf of Participants who were employed by the Corporation shall be paid from the general assets of the Corporation and all benefits payable to or on behalf of Participants who were employed by any Company which has adopted this Plan shall be paid from the general assets of such Company. If the Corporation or any Company which has adopted this Plan, in its sole discretion, establishes a fund or account for the payment of benefits hereunder, the Participant, his Beneficiary or Beneficiaries, or any other person shall not have, under any circumstances, any interest whatever in such fund or account or in any particular property or assets of the Corporation or of such Company by virtue of this Plan, and the rights of the Participant, his Beneficiary or Beneficiaries or any other person who may claim a right to receive benefits under this Plan shall at all times be no greater than the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Corporation or of such Company. The Participant shall not be entitled to any payments from the trust fund maintained under the RSP on the basis of any benefits to which he may be entitled under this Plan. 
 If the Committee shall find that a Participant, former Participant or Beneficiary is unable to care for his affairs because of illness or accident, or is a minor, or has died, the Committee may direct that any payment due him, unless claim therefor shall have been made by a duly appointed legal representative, shall be paid to his spouse, a child, a parent or other blood relative or to a person with whom he resides, and any such payment so made shall be in complete discharge of the liabilities of Plan therefor. 
 Subject to all applicable laws relating to unclaimed property, if the Committee mails by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the last known address of a Participant or Beneficiary, a notification that he is 
 6 

entitled to a distribution hereunder, and if the notification is returned by the United States Postal Service as being undeliverable because the addressee cannot be located at the address indicated and if the Committee has no knowledge of such Participant's or Beneficiary's whereabouts within 3 years from the date the notification was mailed, or if within 3 years from the date the notification was mailed to such Participant or Beneficiary he or she does not respond thereto by informing the Committee of his or her whereabouts, then, and in either of said events, upon the December 31 coincident with or next succeeding the third anniversary of the mailing of such notification, the undistributed amount in the Account or DC Plan Account of such Participant or Beneficiary shall be paid to the person or persons who would have been entitled to take such share in the event of the death of the Participant or Beneficiary whose whereabouts are unknown, assuming that such death occurred as of the December 31 coincident with or next succeeding the third anniversary of the mailing of such notification. 
 No Participant, former Participant or Beneficiary or any other person shall have any interest in or right under the Plan in any part of the assets or earnings held in the RSP Trust or in any other trust established by the Corporation. 
 Whenever in the administration of the Plan action is required, such action shall be uniform in nature as applied to all persons similarly situated, and no such action shall be taken which shall discriminate in favor of Employees who are officers, shareholders or highly compensated Employees. 
 Any action by the Committee pursuant to the provisions of the Plan may be evidenced by written instrument executed by any person authorized by the Committee to take such action, and any fiduciaries shall be fully protected in acting in accordance with any such written instrument received by them. 
 12. Claims Procedures. 
 12.01 Filing A Claim . It is intended that the benefits under the Plan to which a Participant is entitled be paid at the time provided for their distribution without the Participant being required to make a claim for such benefits. If, however, a Participant or Beneficiary Claimant does not receive the benefits which the Claimant believes he or she is entitled to receive under the Plan, the Claimant may file a claim for benefits with the Committee. A claim shall be made by filing a written request with the Committee on a form provided by the Committee, which shall be delivered to the Committee and, in the case of a request for a distribution on account of an Unforeseeable Emergency, be accompanied by such substantiation of the claim as the Committee considers necessary and reasonable. If the claims procedure form made available by the Committee does not contain information on where to file the claim, the claim may be submitted to the human resources office at the site where the Claimant is employed. 
 12.02 Denied Claims . If a claim is denied in whole or in part, the Claimant shall receive a written or electronic notice explaining the denial of the claim within ninety (90) days after the Committee's receipt of the claim. The Committee may appoint one or more persons or a committee of one or more persons to act as the claims administrator for the Plan. If the Committee (or its delegate) determines that for reasons beyond its control, a ninety (90) day extension of time is necessary to process the claim, the Claimant shall be notified in writing of the extension and reason for the extension within ninety (90) days after the Committee (or its delegate)'s receipt of the claim. The written extension notification shall also indicate the date by which the Committee (or its delegate) expects to render a final decision. A notice of denial of claim shall contain the following the specific reason or reasons for the denial reference to the specific provisions of the Plan on which the denial is based a description of any additional materials or information necessary for such Claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary and a description of the Plan's review procedures and the time limits applicable to such procedures, including a statement of the Claimant's right to bring a civil action under Section 502(c) of ERISA following an adverse determination on review. 
 12.03 Review of Denied Claims . To request a review of a denied claim, a Claimant must file a written request for review within sixty (60) days after receiving written notice of the denial. The Claimant may submit written comments, documents, records and other relevant information in support of the claim. A Claimant shall be provided, upon request and without charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the Claimant's claim. A document, record, or other information shall be considered relevant if it (i) was relied upon in denying the claim (ii) was submitted, considered or generated in the course of processing the claim, regardless of whether it was relied upon (iii) demonstrates compliance with the claims procedures process or (iv) constitutes a statement of policy for the Plan or guidance concerning the denied claim. 
 12.04 Decisions on Reviewed Claims . The Committee (or its delegate) will notify the Claimant in writing of its decision on the appeal. Such notification will be in a form designed to be understood by the Claimant. If the claim is denied in whole or in part on appeal, the notification will also contain the specific reason or reasons for the denial reference to the specific provisions of the Plan on which the determination is based a 
 7 

statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the Claimant's claim for benefits and a statement that the Claimant has a right to bring an action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. A document, record, or other information shall be considered relevant if it (i) was relied upon in denying the claim (ii) was submitted, considered or generated in the course of processing the claim, regardless of whether it was relied upon (iii) demonstrates compliance with the claims procedures process or (iv) constitutes a statement of policy for the Plan or guidance concerning the denied claim. Such notification will be given by the Committee (or its delegate) within sixty (60) days after the complete appeal is received by the Committee (or its delegate) (or within one hundred twenty (120) days if the Committee (or its delegate) determines special circumstances require an extension of time for considering the appeal, and if written notice of such extension and circumstances is given to the Claimant within the initial sixty (60) day period). Such written extension notice shall also indicate the date by which the Committee (or its delegate) expects to render a decision. 
 12.05 Review Procedures . In reviewing a denied claim, the reviewer shall take into consideration all comments, documents, records, and other information submitted by the Claimant in support of the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial determination. 
 12.06 Exhaustion of Remedies Filing of Legal Actions . A claimant may not bring any legal action relating to a claim for benefits under the Plan unless and until the claimant has followed the claims procedures under the Plan and exhausted his or her administrative remedies under such claim s procedures. A claimant may not bring a legal action seeking payment of benefits under the Plan more than one year after the claimant has received written notice of the decision on the review of his or her claim. 
 13. Amendment and Discontinuance. 
 The Committee may at any time amend or discontinue this Plan. However, if this Plan should be amended and discontinued, the Corporation and any Company which has adopted this Plan shall be liable for any benefits accrued under this Plan as of the date of such action for Participants who are or have been employed by the Corporation or any such Company. Such accrued benefits shall be the undistributed vested portion of the Participant's Supplementary Company Retirement Account balance and the DC Plan Account balance, if any, as of such date of amendment or discontinuance. Upon a termination of the Plan, a Participant's Account and DC Plan Account (other than the Pre-2005 Account Balance and Pre-2005 DC Plan Account Balance as defined in the Supplement) shall not be distributed prior to the date on which it would be otherwise distributable as provided by Section 9 of the Plan or the Supplement, as applicable, except to the extent and in accordance with Treas. Regs. Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix). 
 14. Restriction on Assignment. 
 The benefits provided hereunder are intended for the personal security of persons entitled to payment under this Plan and are not subject in any manner to the debts or other obligations of the persons to whom they are payable. The interest of any Participant or his or her Beneficiary or Beneficiaries may not be sold, transferred, assigned, or encumbered in any manner, either voluntarily or involuntarily, and any attempt so to anticipate, alienate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber, or charge the same shall be null and void neither shall the benefits hereunder be liable for or subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements, or torts of any person to whom such benefits or funds are payable, nor shall they be subject to garnishment, attachment, or other legal or equitable process, nor shall they be an asset in bankruptcy. However, the restrictions herein shall not prevent the Committee from satisfying the requirements of a qualified domestic relations order as defined in Section 441(1)(B) of the Code. 
 15. Continued Employment. 
 Nothing contained in this Plan shall be construed as conferring upon a Participant the right to continue in the employment of the Corporation or any Company in any capacity or as otherwise affecting the employment relationship. 
 16. Liability of the Committee. 
 No member of the Committee shall be liable for any loss unless resulting from his or her own fraud or willful misconduct, and no member shall be personally liable upon or with respect to any agreement, act, transaction, or omission executed, committed, or suffered to be committed by himself or herself as a member of the Committee or by any other member, agent, representative or employee of the Committee. The Committee and any individual member of the Committee and any agent thereof shall be fully protected in relying upon the advice of the 
 8 

following professional consultants or advisors employed by the Corporation or the Committee any attorney insofar as legal matters are concerned, any accountant insofar as accounting matters are concerned, and any actuary insofar as actuarial matters are concerned. 
 17. Indemnification. 
 The Corporation and any Company which has adopted this Plan hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold harmless and indemnify the members of the Committee and all directors, officers, and employees of the Corporation and of any Company which has adopted this Plan against any and all parties whomsoever, and all losses therefrom, including without limitation, costs or defense and attorneys' fees, based upon or arising out of any act or omission relating to, or in connection with this Plan other than losses resulting from such person's fraud or willful misconduct. 
 18. Termination of Service for Dishonesty. 
 If a Participant's service with the Corporation or with any Company which has adopted this Plan, is terminated because of dishonest conduct injurious to the Corporation or such Company, or if dishonest conduct injurious to the Corporation or such Company committed by a Participant is determined by the Corporation within one year after his service with the Corporation or such Company is terminated, the Committee may terminate such Participant's remaining interest and benefits under this Plan (unless such remaining interest is in a DC Plan Account). 
 The dishonest conduct committed by a Participant that is injurious to the Corporation or to any Company which has adopted this Plan shall be determined and decided by the Committee only after a full investigation of such alleged dishonest conduct and an opportunity has been given the Participant to appear before the Committee to present his case. The decision made by the Committee in such cases shall be final and binding on all Participants and other persons affected by such decision. 
 19. Binding on the Corporation, Company, Participants and Their Successors. 
 This Plan shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Corporation and to the benefit of any Company which has adopted this Plan, their successors and assigns and the Participants and their heirs, executors, administrators, and duly appointed legal representatives. 
 20. Rights of Affiliates to Participate. 
 Any Company participating in the RSP may, in the future, adopt this Plan provided the proper action is taken by the board of directors of such Company. The administrative powers and control of the Corporation, as provided in this Plan, shall not be deemed diminished under this Plan by reason of the participation of any Company and the administrative powers and control granted hereunder to the Committee shall be binding upon any Company adopting this Plan. Each Company adopting this Plan shall have the obligation to pay the benefits to its Participants who were in its employment hereunder and no other Company shall have such obligation and any failure by a particular employer to live up to its obligations under this Plan shall have no effect on any other Company. Any Company may discontinue this Plan at any time by proper action of its board of directors subject to the provisions of Section 13. 
 21. Withholdings. 
 The Company shall withhold from any amount distributable to a Participant under the Plan any applicable federal, state, or local income or employment taxes or any other amounts required to be withheld by law. In addition, the Company may withhold from a Participant's currently payable salary, bonus, or other compensation any applicable federal, state or local income or employment taxes that may be due upon the crediting of an amount to the Participant's Account or DC Plan Account. 
 22. Construction. 
 The headings in this Plan have been inserted for convenience of reference only and are to be ignored in any construction of the provision. Except when otherwise clearly indicated by the context, when used in the Plan words in any gender shall include any other gender, and words in the singular shall include the plural, and words in the plural shall include the singular. 
 9 

23. Severability. 
 In the event any provision of the Plan shall be held invalid or illegal for any reason, any illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, but the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had never been inserted, and the Committee shall have the right to correct and remedy such questions of illegality or invalidity by amendment as provided by the Plan. 
 24. Law Governing. 
 This Plan shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Michigan. 
 25. No Offsets Permitted. 
 The Company shall not offset a distribution to a Participant or otherwise reduce the Account balance or DC Plan Account balance of a Participant to satisfy any debt or other obligation owed by the Participant to the Company. 
 26. No Postponement of Distributions. 
 A Participant shall not be entitled to postpone the distribution of his or her Account beyond the date on which it is distributable to him or her under the terms of the Plan. 
 27. Code Section 409A. 
 The Plan is intended to constitute a plan of deferred compensation that meets the requirements for the deferral of income taxation under Code Section 409A. It is intended that the provisions of the Plan comply with Code Section 409A and all provisions of the Plan shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A. 
 Participant's Separation from Service shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of the Plan providing for the payment of amounts upon or following a Separation from Service unless such termination is also a Separation from Service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of the Plan, references to a resignation, termination, termination of service or like terms shall mean Separation from Service. 
 The Plan satisfies the requirement under Code Section 409A with respect to Post-2004 Account Balances and Post-2004 DC Account Balances (as defined in the Supplement) that any distribution of deferred compensation to a Participant who is a specified employee of the Company (within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(2)(A) of the Code) on account of his or Separation from Service not be made or provided prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of the Participant's Separation from Service or (ii) the date of the Participant's death by providing that all distributions of Post-2004 Account Balances and Post-2004 DC Account Balances be distributed in a single sum in the seventh month following the month in which the Participant's Separation from Service occurs. 
 No payment or distribution of Post-2004 Account Balances and Post-2004 DC Account Balances shall be accelerated, except as permitted under Code Section 409A. Nothing contained herein shall enable the Committee to accelerate payments because of the financial condition of the Corporation. 
 28. Plan History. 
 The PHINIA Inc. Retirement Savings Excess Benefit Plan Initial Excess Plan was established January 1, 2024, in connection with a spin-off of the BW Excess Plan in accordance with the EM Agreement. The Initial Excess Plan is amended and restated on January 1, 2024, in connection with the Plan Merger. 
 
 10 

EXHIBIT A - SUPPLEMENT FOR DC PLAN PARTICIPANTS 
 This Supplement contains special provisions covering contributions and credits, vesting, and distribution of benefits in connection with the DC Plan Accounts. This Supplement and the general provisions of the Plan govern the terms and conditions of the benefits and rights of the DC Plan Participants with respect to their DC Plan Accounts. If the Supplement conflicts with the Plan, the Supplement shall govern with regard to the DC Plan Accounts. 
 29. Definitions. 
 As used in this Supplement, the following definitions shall apply. Any capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the general provisions of the Plan unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. For purposes of this Supplement, if a capitalized term is defined in both the Supplement and the Plan, the definition in the Supplement shall supersede the definition in the Plan. 
 29.01 Account shall mean the DC Plan Account. 
 Section 1.2 Board of Directors or Board shall mean the Board of Directors, as constituted from time to time, of PHINIA Inc . 
 29.03 Change in Control shall mean the happening of any of the following events 
 A. The acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act )(a Person of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of stock of the Company that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than 50 of either (i) the total fair market value of the stock of the Company (the Outstanding Company Stock or (ii) the total voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities provided, however, that for purposes of this Section 1.3, the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control (w) any acquisition directly from the Company, (x) any acquisition by the Company, (y) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company, or (z) any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of subsection (D) of this Section 1.3 or 
 B. A majority of the members of the Board is replaced during any 12 month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board before the date or appointment or election or 
 C. Any Person acquires (or has acquired) during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such Person, ownership of 30 percent or more of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities or 
 D. Any Person acquires (or has acquired) during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such Person assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than 40 percent of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately before such acquisition or acquisitions. For this purpose, gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets, excluding however, acquisitions by (i) a shareholder of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to such shareholder s stock of the Company (ii) an entity, 50 of more of the total value or total voting power of which is owned directly or indirectly by the Company (iii) a Person that owns directly or indirectly, 50 or more of the Outstanding Company Stock or Outstanding Company Voting Securities, or an entity, at least 50 of the total value or voting power of which is owned directly or indirectly by a Person described in clause (iii) of this paragraph. 
 29.04 Company shall mean PHINIA Inc., a corporation, and any successor thereto which continues the Plan. 
 29.05 Deferrals shall mean the amounts credited to a DC Plan Participant's Account as Deferrals pursuant to the DC Plan Participant s deferral elections. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as of the Effective Date no new Deferrals shall be made to the Account. 
 11 

29.06 Disability shall mean, with reference to a DC Plan Participant (i) the DC Plan Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or (ii) the DC Plan Participant is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the DC Plan Participant's Employer. Additionally, a DC Plan Participant will be disabled if determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or if determined to be disabled in accordance with a disability insurance program, provided that the definition of disability applied under such disability insurance program complies with the requirements of this definition. 
 29.07 Employer shall mean, with respect to any DC Plan Participant, the Company (that is participating in the Plan with the consent of the Board of Directors) that employs such DC Plan Participant. 
 Section 1.8 Pre-2005 DC Account Balance shall mean the Deferrals credited to a DC Plan Participant s Account for Plan Years ending prior to January 1, 2005, and earnings thereon. 
 Section 1.9 Post-2004 DC Account Balance shall mean the Deferrals credited to a DC Plan Participant s Account for Plan Years beginning on or after January 1, 2005, and earnings thereon. 
 Section 1.10 Retirement shall mean the DC Plan Participant s termination of employment with the Company and all Employers (i) on or after the last day of the calendar month coincident with or immediately following the day on which the DC Plan Participant attains age 65, or (ii) age 60 if the DC Plan Participant has been credited with at least 15 years of service as determined under the RSP. 
 Section 1.11 Retirement Disability Distribution shall mean a DC Plan Participant s election to receive a distribution of his or her Deferrals upon the first to occur of the DC Plan Participant s Retirement, or Disability. 
 Section 1.12 Scheduled Withdrawal shall mean a distribution of all or a portion of the Deferrals credited to a DC Plan Participant s Account in the year as previously elected by the DC Plan Participant for such distribution. 
 30. DC PLAN PARTICIPANTS 
 30.01 Participation . A DC Plan Participant shall continue to participate in the Plan with respect to amounts credited to his or her Account until there has been a complete distribution of the DC Plan Participant s Account. 
 31. VESTING 
 31.01 Deferrals . A DC Plan Participant shall at all times be 100 vested in amounts credited to the DC Plan Participant s Account. 
 32. DISTRIBUTION OF BENEFITS 
 32.01 Distributions. 
 (i) Unscheduled Distributions of Pre-2005 Account Balances. A DC Plan Participant may elect to receive an Unscheduled Distribution of up to 100 of his or her Pre-2005 Account Balance. An Unscheduled Distribution must be for a minimum amount of 2,000, and an application for an Unscheduled Distribution shall be made on such forms or by such means as the Committee shall require. An amount equal to 10 of the gross amount of any Unscheduled Distribution allowed shall be permanently forfeited by the DC Plan Participant, with the DC Plan Participant only receiving a distribution of the net amount thereof. A DC Plan Participant shall be permitted to receive one Unscheduled Distribution per Plan Year. A DC Plan Participant shall not be permitted to receive an Unscheduled Distribution with respect to any portion of his or her Post-2004 Account Balance. 
 (ii) Change in Control Distribution. Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, a DC Plan Participant shall receive a complete distribution of his or her Account. 
 12 

32.02 Form of Distributions . Amounts distributed to a DC Plan Participant from his or her Account shall be paid in cash as follows 
 (i) Retirement Disability Distributions. In the case of a Retirement Disability Distribution in either (i) a single sum, or (ii) a distribution in approximately equal annual installments payable over a period of 5, 10, or 15 years, as previously elected by the DC Plan Participant, with one-fourth (1 4) of each annual installment paid quarterly, such distribution to be paid (in the case of a single sum) or commence to be paid (in the case of annual installments) in the first calendar quarter that begins six (6) months after the calendar quarter in which the DC Plan Participant s Retirement or Disability occurs, with the DC Plan Participant s Account being valued as of the first Business Date of the calendar quarter in which a distribution is paid. The Account balance of a DC Plan Participant who fails or refuses to elect a method of distribution shall be a single sum. 
 (ii) Scheduled Withdrawals, Unscheduled Distributions, Change in Control Distributions. In the case of a Scheduled Withdrawal, an Unscheduled Distribution, or a Change in Control Distribution, in a single sum in the calendar quarter that begins after the calendar quarter in which the event giving rise to the distribution occurs, with the DC Plan Participant s Account being valued as of the first Business Date of the calendar quarter in which the single sum is paid. 
 32.03 Death Before Commencement of Distributions . If a DC Plan Participant dies while an Employee or after Retirement or Disability, but before a distribution of his or her account has commenced, the DC Plan Participant s entire Account balance shall be paid to his or her Beneficiary in cash in either (i) a single sum, or (ii) a distribution in approximately equal annual installments payable over a period of 5, 10, or 15 years, as previously elected by the DC Plan Participant, with one-fourth (1 4) of each annual installment paid quarterly, such distribution to be paid (in the case of a single sum) or commence to be aid (in the case of annual installments) in the calendar quarter that begins after the calendar quarter in which the DC Plan Participant s death occurs, with the DC Plan Participant s Account being valued as of the first Business Date of the calendar quarter in which a distribution is paid. 
 32.04 Death After Commencement of Distributions . If a DC Plan Participant dies while an Employee and after a distribution of his or her Account under the Plan has commenced, the DC Plan Participant s entire Account balance, including those amounts not yet distributable, shall continue to be distributed to his or her Beneficiary in cash under the distribution method as previously elected by the DC Plan Participant. 
 32.05 Termination of Employment Prior to Retirement, Death, or Disability . If a DC Plan Participant terminates employment with the Company and all Employers prior to his or her Retirement, death or Disability for any reason, notwithstanding any distribution election made by the DC Plan Participant, the DC Plan Participant s entire Account balance shall be paid to the DC Plan Participant in cash in a single sum in the first calendar quarter that begins six (6) months after the end of the calendar quarter in which such termination of employment occurs, with the DC Plan Participant s Account being valued as of the first Business Date of the calendar quarter in which the single sum is paid. 
 32.06 Postponement of Scheduled Withdrawal Date by DC Plan Participant (Pre-2005 Account Balances) . A DC Plan Participant may postpone to a later year the date of a Scheduled Withdrawal if such change is made in writing (or by such means as the Committee shall require) at least one (1) year prior to the date of distribution specified in the original Scheduled Withdrawal election. No Scheduled Withdrawal may be postponed more than once. This Section 4.6 shall only apply to a DC Plan Participant s Pre-2005 Account Balance. 
 32.07 Change in Form of Retirement Disability Distributions (Pre-2005 Account Balances) . A DC Plan Participant may change his or her form of distribution election for a Retirement Disability Distribution if such change is made in writing at least six (6) months prior to the DC Plan Participant s Retirement or Disability. In the event that the DC Plan Participant s most recent Retirement Disability Distribution election was made within six (6) months of the DC Plan Participant s Retirement or Disability, the next most recent election made by the DC Plan Participant at least six (6) months prior to the DC Plan Participant s Retirement or Disability (or if none, the DC Plan Participant s initial election) shall be used. This Section 4.7 shall only apply to a DC Plan Participant s Pre-2005 Account Balance. 
 32.08 Delay of Distributions by the Company. 
 In accordance with and subject to the requirements of Treas. Regs. Sec. 1.409A-2(b)(7)(i) or any successor provision, the Committee may delay the distribution of all or part of an amount otherwise payable to a DC Plan 
 13 

Participant to the extent that the conversion or distribution would violate the federal securities laws or other applicable law, provided that the distribution shall be made at the earliest date at which the Committee determines that the making of the distribution will not cause such violation. 
 In accordance with and subject to the requirements of Treas. Regs. Sec. 1.409A-2(b)(7)(ii) or any successor provision, the Committee may delay the distribution of an amount otherwise payable to a DC Plan Participant to the extent that the distribution would not be deductible by the Employer under Section 162(m) of the Code. 
 ARTICLE 5. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 The Company reserves the right, whether upon amendment or termination of this Supplement or otherwise, to accelerate the distribution of all or a portion of a DC Plan Participant s Account balance before such distribution would otherwise be payable, without the consent of the DC Plan Participant, if (i) the Board of Directors determines by written resolution that such acceleration of payments would be in the best interest of the Company, or (ii) the Committee determines that a change in the federal tax laws will cause the DC Plan Participant to recognize income for federal tax purposes with respect to all or a portion of his or her Account balance prior to the date on which such portion of the DC Plan Participant s Account would otherwise be distributable. 
 . 
 14 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 phinia-ex211subsidiarylist.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 PHINIA INC. 
 Subsidiaries 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of 
 Organization 
 PHINIA Australia Pty Ltd Australia PHINIA Delphi Brasil Ltda. Brazil PHINIA Do Brasil Produtos Automotivos Ltda. Brazil BorgWarner Toronto Inc. Canada PHINIA Automotive Systems (China) Co., Ltd. China PHINIA Automotive Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China PHINIA Delphi Automotive Systems (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China PHINIA Delphi Automotive Systems (Yantai) Co. Ltd. China PHINIA Delphi Gasoline Systems (Yantai) Co. Ltd. China Yantai Research and Development Center of PHINIA Delphi Automotive Systems China PHINIA Delphi France SAS France PHINIA Delphi Deutschland GmbH 
 Delphi Powertrain Systems 
 Germany 
 Hungary 
 Borg Warner India Private Limited India PHINIA Delphi Italia S.R.L. Italy PHINIA Delphi Japan Ltd Co Japan PHINIA Holdings Jersey Limited Jersey BorgWarner Holdfi Holdings SARL Luxembourg BorgWarner European Holdings SARL Luxembourg BorgWarner Luxembourg Investments SARL Luxembourg PHINIA Delphi Luxembourg SARL Luxembourg PHINIA Holdings Luxembourg SARL Luxembourg PHINIA Technologies Luxembourg SARL Luxembourg Delphi Technologies Holdings Malta Ltd. Malta BorgWarner PDS Mexico Holdings, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico PHINIA Comercializadora Mexico S de R.L. de C.V. Mexico PHINIA Componentes Mexico S de R.L. de C.V. Mexico PHINIA Technologies Holdings Mexico S. de R.L de C.V. Mexico PHINIA Delphi Netherlands BV Netherlands PHINIA Holdings Mexico BV Netherlands PHINIA Delphi Poland Sp. Z.o.o. Poland D2 Industrial Development and Production S.R.L. Romania PHINIA Delphi Romania S.R.L. Romania PHINIA Services Romania S.R.L. Romania Joint Stock Company Delphi Samara Russia PHINIA Delphi Holdings Singapore Pte Ltd. Singapore PHINIA Holdings Singapore Pte Ltd. Singapore PHINIA Delphi Spain SLU Spain PHINIA Delphi Otomotiv Sistemleri Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim irketi Turkey BorgWarner UK Holding and Financing Ltd. United Kingdom BorgWarner UK Management Ltd. United Kingdom 

Delphi Lockheed Automotive Ltd. United Kingdom Delphi Technologies Pension Trustees Ltd. United Kingdom BorgWarner APAC Financial Services Ltd. United Kingdom BorgWarner UK Financial Operations Ltd. United Kingdom BorgWarner UK Financial Services Ltd. United Kingdom Hartridge Ltd. United Kingdom PHINIA Delphi UK Ltd. United Kingdom PHINIA Holdings UK Ltd. United Kingdom BorgWarner Kingway Financing LLC United States - Delaware PHINIA Delphi USA LLC United States - Delaware PHINIA International Holdings LLC United States - Delaware PHINIA International Services LLC United States - Delaware PHINIA Jersey Holdings LLC United States - Delaware PHINIA Services USA LLC United States - Delaware PHINIA Technologies Inc. United States - Delaware PHINIA USA LLC United States - Delaware Delphi TVS - Technologies Ltd. India 
 
 Unconsolidated joint venture in which the registrant exercises significant influence but has a less than a 100 ownership interest. 
 2 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 phinia-ex231consentofpwc.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-273094) of PHINIA Inc. of our report dated February 28, 2024 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Detroit, Michigan 
 February 28, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 8
 phinia-10xkex241powerofatt.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned officers and directors of PHINIA Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), hereby constitutes and appoints each of Brady D. Ericson, Chris P. Gropp, Robert Boyle, and Samantha M. Pombier, and each of them, as the true and lawful attorney-in-fact or attorneys-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for each of the undersigned and in the name, place, and stead of each of the undersigned, to execute and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, with any and all amendments, supplements, and exhibits thereto, and any and all other documents in connection therewith, with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required, necessary, appropriate, or desirable to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and approving all that said attorneys-in-fact or any of them or their substitute or substitutes therefor may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 This Power of Attorney may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original with respect to the person executing it. 
 Executed this 28th day of February, 2024. 
 Signature Title 
 s Brady D. Ericson 
 President and Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) Brady D. Ericson s Chris P. Gropp 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Chris P. Gropp 
 s Samantha M. Pombier 
 Vice President and Controller 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Samantha M. Pombier 
 s Rohan S. Weerasinghe 
 Non-Executive Chair and Director Rohan S. Weerasinghe 
 s Samuel R. Chapin 
 Director Samuel R. Chapin 
 s Robin Kendrick 
 Director Robin Kendrick 
 s Latondra Newton 
 Director Latondra Newton 
 s D aun Norman 
 Director D aun Norman 
 s Roger J. Wood 
 Director Roger J. Wood 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 a311section302certificatio.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification 
 
 I, Brady D. Ericson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PHINIA Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 c. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 28, 2024 
 
 By s Brady D. Ericson 
 Brady D. Ericson 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 a312section302certificatio.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification 
 
 I, Chris P. Gropp, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PHINIA Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 c. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 28, 2024 
 
 By s Chris P. Gropp 
 Chris P. Gropp 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 a321section906certificatio.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Brady D. Ericson, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge, PHINIA Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of PHINIA Inc. 
 
 Date February 28, 2024 
 
 By s Brady D. Ericson 
 Brady D. Ericson 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 This certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that PHINIA Inc. specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 a322section906certificatio.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Chris P. Gropp, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge, PHINIA Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of PHINIA Inc. 
 
 Date February 28, 2024 
 
 By s Chris P. Gropp 
 Chris P. Gropp 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 This certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that PHINIA Inc. specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 13
 phinia-ex971comprecoverycl.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 

Exhibit 97.1 
 
 PHINIA Inc. Compensation Recovery Policy 
 1. Purpose . The purpose of this Compensation Recovery Policy (this Policy is to describe the circumstances under which PHINIA Inc. (the Company is required to recover certain compensation paid to certain employees. Any references in compensation plans, agreements, equity awards or other policies to the Company s recoupment , clawback or similarly-named policy shall be deemed to refer to this Policy with respect to Incentive-Based Compensation Received on or after the Effective Date. 
 
 2. Mandatory Recovery of Compensation . In the event that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, the Company shall recover reasonably promptly the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation. 
 
 3. Definitions . For purposes of this Policy, the following terms, when capitalized, shall have the meanings set forth below 
 
 (a) Accounting Restatement shall mean any accounting restatement required due to material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 
 
 (b) Covered Officer shall mean the Company s president principal financial officer principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the controller) any vice-president of the Company in charge of a principal business unit, division, or function (such as sales, administration, or finance) any other officer who performs a significant policy-making function or any other person who performs similar significant policy-making functions for the Company. 
 
 (c) Effective Date shall mean July 3, 2023. 
 
 (d) Erroneously Awarded Compensation shall mean the excess of (i) the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation Received by a person (A) after beginning service as a Covered Officer, (B) who served as a Covered Officer at any time during the performance period for that Incentive-Based Compensation, (C) while the Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association and (D) during the Recovery Period over (ii) the Recalculated Compensation. For the avoidance of doubt, a person who served as a Covered Officer during the periods set forth in clauses (A) and (B) of the preceding sentence shall continue to be subject to this Policy even after such person s service as a Covered Officer has ended. 
 
 (e) Incentive-Based Compensation shall mean any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a financial reporting measure. A financial reporting measure is a measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures, regardless of whether such measure is presented within the financial statements or included in a filing with the Securities Exchange Commission. Each of stock price and total shareholder return is a financial reporting measure. For the avoidance of doubt, incentive-based compensation subject to this Policy does not include stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units or similar equity-based awards for which the grant is not contingent upon achieving any financial reporting measure performance goal and vesting is contingent solely upon completion of a specified employment period and or attaining one or more non-financial reporting measures. 
 
 (f) Recalculated Compensation shall mean the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that otherwise would have been Received had it been determined based on the restated amounts in the Accounting Restatement, computed without regard to any taxes paid. For Incentive-Based Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of the Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in an Accounting Restatement, the amount of the Recalculated Compensation must be based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return, as the case may be, on the compensation Received. The Company must maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the national securities exchange or association on which its securities are listed. 
 1 

(g) Incentive-Based Compensation is deemed Received in the Company s fiscal period during which the financial reporting measure specified in the award of such Incentive-Based Compensation is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 
 (h) Recovery Period shall mean the three completed fiscal years of the Company immediately preceding the date the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement provided that the Recovery Period shall not begin before the Effective Date. For purposes of determining the Recovery Period, the Company is considered to be required to prepare an Accounting Restatement on the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Company s Board of Directors, a committee thereof, or the Company s authorized officers conclude, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, or (ii) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. If the Company changes its fiscal year, then the transition period within or immediately following such three completed fiscal years also shall be included in the Recovery Period, provided that if the transition period between the last day of the Company s prior fiscal year end and the first day of its new fiscal year comprises a period of nine to 12 months, then such transition period shall instead be deemed one of the three completed fiscal years and shall not extend the length of the Recovery Period. 
 
 4. Exceptions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation will not be required to the extent the Company s committee of independent directors responsible for executive compensation decisions (or a majority of the independent directors on the Company s board of directors in the absence of such a committee) has made a determination that such recovery would be impracticable and one of the following conditions have been satisfied 
 
 (a) The direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered provided that, before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation that was Incentive-Based Compensation based on the expense of enforcement, the Company must make a reasonable attempt to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s) to recover, and provide that documentation to the national securities exchange or association on which its securities are listed. 
 
 (b) Recovery would violate home country law where, with respect to Incentive-Based Compensation, that law was adopted prior to November 28, 2022 provided that, before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation that was Incentive-Based Compensation based on violation of home country law, the Company must obtain an opinion of home country counsel, acceptable to the national securities exchange or association on which its securities are listed, that recovery would result in such a violation, and must provide such opinion to the exchange or association. 
 
 (c) Recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 
 
 5. Manner of Recovery . In addition to any other actions permitted by law or contract, the Company may take any or all of the following actions to recover any Erroneously Awarded Compensation (a) require the Covered Officer to repay such amount (b) offset such amount from any other compensation owed by the Company or any of its affiliates to the Covered Officer, regardless of whether the contract or other documentation governing such other compensation specifically permits or specifically prohibits such offsets and (c) subject to Section 4(c), to the extent the Erroneously Awarded Compensation was deferred into a plan of deferred compensation, whether or not qualified, forfeit such amount (as well as the earnings on such amounts) from the Covered Officer s balance in such plan, regardless of whether the plan specifically permits or specifically prohibits such forfeiture. If the Erroneously Awarded Compensation consists of shares of the Company s common stock, and the Covered Officer still owns such shares, then the Company may satisfy its recovery obligations by requiring the Covered Officer to transfer such shares back to the Company. 
 
 6. Other . 
 
 (a) This Policy shall be administered and interpreted, and may be amended from time to time, by the Company s board of directors or any committee to which the board may delegate its authority in 
 2 

its sole discretion in compliance with the applicable listing standards of the national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed, and the determinations of the board or such committee shall be binding on all Covered Officers. 
 
 (b) The Company shall not indemnify any Covered Officer against the loss of Erroneously Awarded Compensation. 
 
 (c) The Company shall file all disclosures with respect to this Policy in accordance with the requirements of the Federal securities laws, including disclosure required by the Securities Exchange Commission filings. 
 
 (d) Any right to recovery under this Policy shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights of recovery that may be available to the Company. 
 3 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 phin-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 phin-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 phin-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 phin-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 phin-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

